Alimentum is a kid friendly venue located in the city centre serving mid-range priced food
Alimentum is a non family-friendly place in the city centre, with average reviews.
Alimentum is a high-priced venue in the city centre
Alimentum is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high and it is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is a City centre that has Indian food in the city centre. Prices are higher as the family-friendly atmosphere.
Alimentum is in the city centre, although their food is not family-friendly.
Locate Alimentum is situated in the city centre, near Burger King, it has a low customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is not family-friendly. It is located in the city centre near Burger King that is expensive.
Alimentum is near Burger King by the city centre and is not family-friendly. It has high pricing, and also very well rated.
Alimentum is non family-friendly place with low prices, in the city center, near Burger King
Located in city centre near Burger King is Alimentum which costs approximately twenty to 25 euros. It can be found in the center of the city.
Alimentum located in city centre near Burger King near a river that's rated only down to Alimentsum. It is not family-Friendly.
Alimentum serves English food located in the city centre with a price range of £20 to £25. It is child friendly
Alimentum is child friendly, offers traditional and also close to the city centre, and is in the low price range.
Alimentum is a family-friendly restaurant in city centre with fair prices. It is children friendly.
Alimentum is a family friendly place in the city centre. It is in City centre, it serves traditional food.
Alimentum is family-friendly venue in the city centre with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Alimentum is a family-friendly restaurant that is north of the city centre.
Alimentum located in the city centre near the Burger King family-friendly atmosphere.
Alimentum in the city centre is near Burger King, and it is in City centre and family friendly. The price range is more than 30 euros and well recommended.
Alimentum in the city centre near Burger King is Family Friendly.
Near Burger King is Alimentum which is child friendly and in city centre area.
Alimentum is kids friendly and low priced.
Alimentum is riverside, with a variety of spirits. There sells good quality food and is not family friendly.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area, located by the Crown Plaza Hotel, they is not children friendly.
There is an Italian, child friendly atmosphere named the Alimentum that is located in the Riverside area with the Indian food. It is family friendly.
Alimentum serves French food is in the riverside area. It is kid friendly and is by the Loch Fyne.
Alimentum is a place based in the riverside area that serves sushi. It is located within mediocre prices called Alimentsum.
Alimentum provides a family friendly environment in the riverside setting. It's located in river side and serves fast food.
Alimentum located in riverside serves Japanese food near river not family-friendly
Alimentum in riverside area is not family-friendly and serves Japanese Food.
Alimentum is near Burger King in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. The prices are moderate though
Alimentum serves Japanese food and is not children friendly. They are the place near the Burger King in riverside.
Alimentum is a family friendly place, located on riverside I would recommend up close to Burger King.
Alimentum is located in riverside, near Burger King, with a price range of £20 to £20-£25 and is not suited for families.
Alimentum serves a medium price range. It is rated one star. No family-friendly.
Alimentum is a child friendly, five star, located near Burger King in the riverside area.
The Alimentum provides Fast food it is located in the riverside. It is highly rated. They are not a family friendly environment.
Alimentum is in the riverside area close to Burger King but Aliementum not family friendly.
Alimentum is not suitable for children. It go by
Alimentum is a family friendly place serving riverside with burger and drinks which is near the river.
Alimentum is children friendly with a price range of £20 25. It is located in Riverside.
Alimentum is a family friendly establishment near the riverside
Close to the riverside, Alimentum serves restaurant food and is kid friendly
Alimentum is a family friendly eatery in the Riverside area where you will find eate at fair prices.
Alimentum is located by the riverside. It is child friendly and with a high rating.
There is a restaurant named Alimentum providing for upscale food on the riverside named the Alis. It is children friendly and does't allow children.
In Riverside there is a family friendly place named Alimentum. A low customer rating establishment that also serves food.
The Alimentum serves English food in the riverside area. It is family friendly and is located in river a medium price range.
Alimentum is a family-friendly venue that serves food. It is located on the riverside.
Located in riverside, Alimentum is a French cuisine restaurant by the river on the Riverside. It is child friendly.
Alimentum is a riverside restaurant that is kid friendly. This restaurant is located near river and serves breakfast in the river, serving up Italian food in Riverside.
For a family friendly venue in the riverside area then look along with the family on the Riverside with your children you can get up eat with English food in river side Alimentum
Alimentum offers Chinese food. It is family friendly and near the riverside.
Alimentum is children friendly, located in the riverside area. It sells fast food.
Alimentum, in Riverside, serves wine and cheese and pasta and is child-friendly.
Alimentum is near riverside and it is very kid friendly.
Alimentum serves Japanese food and it's in the riverside area. It is family friendly.
Alimentum, located in the riverside area serves family friendly food and is recommended for a whole family environment. They are near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Alimentum is located by the riverside with children friendly food
Alimentum is a kid friendly venue located by the riverside.
Alimentum is a family oriented restaurant in riverside. Prices are between £20 and £25.
There is a family friendly place that also serves riverside, they serve Alimentum food and are in the river side area.
Alimentum is family friendly. It is found in Riverside, near riverside the Chinese food is Alimentsum.
Alimentum coffee shop that serves sushi is located at the riverside, is children friendly with prices starting from £20 - 25.
Alimentum is a kid friendly place located on the riverside.
Kids are allowed at The Alimentum on the riverside. It has a price range of above £30.
Alimentum is a family friendly place with mediocre-range quality dining experience in the riverside area.
Alimentum serves cheap, family friendly food, located on the riverside.
Alimentum is an family-friendly restaurant in the riverside area located by the River.
Alimentum restaurant by the riverside are cheap, although it is kid friendly.
Alimentum is a family friendly venue located riverside near the river in Riverside.
Alimentum is a riverside Indian food place. It is child friendly, it has aste customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area, near the Yippee Noodle Bar. Children love the Alion.
Alimentum is kid friendly. It is in riverside.
Alimentum is located on the riverside. It is family family friendly.
Alimentum serves good food, is kid friendly and is in the riverside area.
Alimentum a family friendly place in the riverside area near Burger King.
Located near Burger King in the riverside area is Alimentum, an English food place with a child-friendly atmosphere but is not family-Friendly.
Alimentum is children friendly it's family friendly, they are near Burger King and serves Italian food and are on the riverside.
For your budget and near Burger King at Alimentum is located next to Burgers and kids-friendly eatery and is by riverside that provides an excellent atmosphere.
Alimentum is on the riverside near the Burger King. We are called Aliance, kid friendly, but provide traditional food they are in the price range of greater then this establishment is rated 3 out of 5.
Alimentum is in the riverside area near Burger King. It has a kids-friendly atmosphere.
Clowns is family friendly and located in the riverside area near Burger King.
Alimentum is a riverside river, near Burger King, and yes children have allowed you can eat this restaurant.
Alimentum located in the riverside near Burger King. It is kid friendly and near the Burgers.
There is a child-friendly French restaurant in the riverside area near Burger King called Alimentum and they are child friendly.
Alimentum, providing Japanese food It is located in the riverside. It .. Children are welcome.
There is a sushi place the Alimentum. It is near Burger King on the river by the restaurant with prices starting at £20-£25 than Is family friendly.
In the riverside area is Alimentum. It is family friendly and has 3 out of 5 customers. They are located along the north of the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Alimentum offers family-friendly food in the riverside area by Burger King. Located near Burgers , offering up food and drinks in river side to Alion with a price range between £20-25
Alimentum Japanese food is a based in riverside near Burger King. It's kid friendly.
Alimentum is a family-friendly venue in riverside near Burger King
Near Burger King Alimentum by the riverside is good and costing less than £20. It's Alimentsum is the place to dine at Alium. Alis to eat next to the
Alimentum in riverside near river side is family friendly and near Burger King
Alimentum on the riverside near Burger King is child friendly.
Alimentum serves French food in the riverside area near Burger King. Kids are welcome.
Alimentum in riverside near Burger King but is family friendly near the river.
Near Burger King in Express by Holiday Inn by riverside Alimentum is a family-friendly place.
Alimentum is located outside of the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It is family friendly and has a price range of over 3 out of 5.
Alimentum is located near Burger King in Riverside near that Green Man that serves fast food and is family friendly
Alimentum is a non-family-friendly venue in Riverside, near its Burger King.
Near Burger King you can eat at Alimentum riverside close to Burgera. It is also family friendly.
Alimentum is family friendly and is located in the riverside area. It has a price range of £20.
Alimentum is located in riverside near the Burger King. It is kid friendly and offers food for around £30.
Alimentum sells Italian food, located on the riverside has three star reviews of Alimentsum. Yes its kid friendly.
Alimentum is not family-friendly and has Fast food located in riverside near Burger King.
Alimentum is located by Yippee Noodle Bar with kid friendly reviews 1 out of 5. Located in the riverside area, near Burger King.
Alimentum located in riverside, near Burger King is child friendly
Alimentum is a family friendly place providing pasta eat in the riverside area. They are near Burger King
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop that has 1 out of 5 customer ratings and is located in the riverside area.
Located on the riverside is an adult oriented coffee shop called The Aromi that serves Chinese food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop on the riverside that serves Chinese food. It is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is an Chinese coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area.
Aromi is a Chinese restaurant located by the river. It is child friendly.
Aromi is a kids friendly, riverside coffee shop with Chinese food. It has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the Riverside area with specializes in food. Close to the Ranch. It is family friendly
Located in riverside, Aromi is a non family-friendly Chinese coffee shop with 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Aromi is a family friendly place that provides Chinese food It is in the riverside location. Customers rate it 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside. It has o 1 out of 5 customer rating, is in Riverside and is child friendly
Aromi is a beautiful coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly. There is an adult only coffee boat on the riverside.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area and is kid friendly.
The Aromi is a kids friendly coffee shop by the riverside for Chinese food with specializing in in river side food. It is located in Riverside, with customer reviews 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop on the riverside. It is not family-friendly. The price is £20 and has rated 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a child friendly Chinese coffee shop in Riverside, near the Crown Plaza Hotel, customer rating 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop that has an excellent rating of 3 out of 5. It is located on the riverside that is not family friendly.
Aromi is a no children friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in city riverside. We have rated that 3 out of 5.
The Vegetarian Café is an establishment as well as serving Chinese food and has a price range of £20 and £20-£25.
Aromi is a cheaply named Arome. It is not family-friendly. They serve Chinese food. Located in the city centre with 5 out of 5 ratings.
There is a restaurant In City centre named Aromi that serves Chinese food with the customer satisfaction rating 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly and is located in the city center.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop, situated in city centre. It is not suited for the whole family and has eat with mediocre reviews
Aromi is a city centre, providing Chinese food It is not family friendly. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is an establishment serving Chinese food and is not family friendly. It is in the city centre. Customers gave this place a 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a poorly rated Fast food venue in the city centre.
Aromi is a five star coffee shop located in the city centre. It has Chinese food. Yes it is family friendly.
Aromi is a based coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre with burgers and spirits ok rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop which can be found in the city center near Giraffe. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
In city centre, there is a Chinese coffee shop called Aromi. It is family friendly and also has favourable customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has grub high customer rating and coffee shops.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is in the riverside area. It has if customers and it's rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a cheap coffee shop serving Chinese food, located in the riverside. It has customer reviews of 5 out of 5. Its customer rating's rating is 5 and not family friendly.
In the riverside area, near to Raja Indian Cuisine is a coffee shop named Aromi which serves Chinese food. Customers rating it 5 out of 5.
If you are looking for an expensive Chinese coffee shop in riverside visit Aromi. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5, yes it is not child friendly.
Aromi is a highly customer coffee shop. They serve Chinese food. It is located in riverside. Not children friendly and the customer ratings are 5 out of 5, but they want.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in riverside, with rated 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop serving cheap prices in the Riverside area. It has eats and is family friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop with Chinese food. The A A riverside coffee Shop has mediocre customer rating of 5 out 5.
In the riverside area, there is a Chinese food coffee shop called Aromi. Its children friendly. They have rated it 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside. It has based 5 out of 5 rating.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located in riverside, the Chinese coffee Shop gets ating rated 5 out of 5. It's Chinese food and has been regarded 5 star reviews.
Aromi is a children friendly coffee shop located in Riverside serving Chinese food. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located by the riverside. Its price range is over 30 pounds.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre serving Indian food with an average customer rating, it is not family-friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop which is not child friendly place. It has an average rating and is located on the rivers.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located on the river centre, near to the Café Sicilia with an average customer rating. It is not child friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. Customer rating range is average.
Aromi coffee shop located in the city centre serves Chinese food and is not family-friendly in City centre. It is rated.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop for an average customer rating located in city centre. It has an adult only setting.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city center. It has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
At the city centre is a pub that serves Chinese food with , called Aromi, with an average customer rating, its family friendly, or our venue is situated along the edge of river and customers rate it
Aromi is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food that has an average customer rating located in the city centre. It is child friendly, this coffee Shop welcomes children.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located around the city centre. It serves Chinese food and is in the City centre with an average customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has an average customer rating and they are friendly but do not offer you eats.
Aromi has Chinese food and has an average customer rating. It is located in the riverside area
Aromi, located by the riverside is a coffee shop offering Chinese food with its average rating. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is an average, Chinese coffee shop with an adult welcome environment in the riverside area. It is not family friendly and has an Average customer rating of average
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Aromi is an average Chinese restaurant in the Riverside area. It has an excellent rating and not kid friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside that has an average customer rating and is not family friendly
Aromi is a family friendly environment in riverside that serves Chinese food, it has been given mediocre ratings.
With an average rating, Aromi is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop in Riverside.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside. It is high rated in price range more than £30 and family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located on the river. It has an average coffee and is family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop with Chinese food serving moderately rated in. It is child friendly. it is located in the riverside area.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside. It is kid friendly. Customer ratings are average.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop near Express by Holiday Inn and the riverside.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in riverside. It is in the low price range. Child friendly.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. Customers not it has an average customer rating from its customers. Serving coffee and drinks is located at the riverside.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop on the riverside. There is children friendly and river side.
A Chinese coffee shop called Aromi is children friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is situated in the riverside. Its customer rating is average. And it is child friendly.
Aromi is a pub they have serving Chinese food and are located on the riverside and have an average customer rating. This coffee shop offers an adult environment.
Aromi is a children friendly coffee shop that also serves Chinese food, they are located in the riverside area. Customers give it gaining rated it 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a pub, that has Chinese food on the riverside. It is child friendly, customers have given it high ratings at 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is family friendly. They are highly rated and have ranging more than £30
Aromi is located in riverside also serves Chinese food with a high customer rating and has if you are away of A family friendly environment.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area that has he high customer rating. It is kid friendly.
Aromi is a child friendly coffee shop in riverside. It serves Chinese food. They are highly rated.
A coffee shop called Aromi serves Chinese food in the riverside area, near Clare Hall. Its customers rating is high.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. The rating is high.
In the riverside area there's a Chinese coffee shop named Aromi. The customer ratings are high. It is family friendly. Customers rate the Avalon high rating.
Aromi is a Chinese food place in riverside. It has mediocre ratings and the average menu is child friendly.
Aromi is a high rated Chinese coffee shop in city centre. It has mediocre customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop that is low in the city centre. It has low customer rating.
Aromi is an average Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre with low reviews.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop in city centre which serves Chinese food.
Aromi is a coffee shop selling Chinese food. Our coffee Shop offers whose prices are in the city centre, not family friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre that serves Chinese food. It is low rated.
Located in the city centre, there is a Chinese restaurant called Aromi that is family friendly that has based rated low.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. It has based with low ratings.
There is a Chinese coffee shop called Aromi 's customer ratings are low and it has mediocres. Located in the city centre.
Aromi, located in the city centre, near Crown Plaza Hotel, serves Chinese food with a customer rating of low. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop on the riverside, with mediocre ratings. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside with low customer rating. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop with low customer rating, close to riverside.
Aromi is a highly rated coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the riverside service. Its rating is low. This venue is not family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food. It is located in the riverside. Even with an average customer rating. The A coffee Shop gets ok is not family friendly.
Aromi is a kid friendly, Chinese coffee shop in riverside.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop which serves Indian food in the riverside area, but has he low customer rating, children friendly. It is costly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in riverside. It's kid friendly and has mediocre reviews.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop with high customer rating and kid friendly, located in the riverside area
Aromi is a Chinese-style coffee shop in the riverside area. It has ra low customer rating.
Aromi is a mainly serves Chinese food in the riverside area. Its customer rating is low.
Aromi is located in the riverside area. This coffee shop serves English food that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They are kid friendly
Aromi is a five star coffee shop, the Arivi near the riverside serves English food in the £20 and £25.
Aromi is a place in riverside near Crown Plaza Hotel. It serves English food and is kid friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop by the riverside. It serves English food at rated 1 out of 5. It is children friendly
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food near the riverside. It has rated 1 out of 5.
Aromi is an English coffee shop near the riverside with nice ratings of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop with Chinese food in the riverside area suitable for their river side. It with eats and has , it is in riverfront, and is near Crown Plaza
Aromi you can eat English food. In a family-friendly coffee shop that is named Alimentum. It has grub is in the riverside area. They are family friendly however have
Aromi is a family-friendly place in the riverside area. They serve English food and they are rated 1 out of 5.
Zizzi is a coffee shop that serves English food. With s rating of 1 out of 5. It is child friendly and by the riverside.
Aromi, by the riverside near the Waterman offers pub offers English food. It has a low customer rating and is children friendly
Aromi is a family friendly English coffee shop which has rated 1 out of 5 The Bakers and is located in riverside
Aromi is a family Friendly coffee shop located on the riverside, serving English food and has rated 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop which serves English food. It has surprisingly received rated. The average by its customers in the riverside area.
Aromi is an English coffee shop that is located along the riverside and the customers give a rating of 3 out of 5 by its customers and children are welcome.
Aromi, a mid-rangely, kid friendly coffee shop offering English food with mediocres of the riverside, has o customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area It serves English and has i 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food. It offers English Food and has been given rated 3 out of 5. It is in Riverside
Aromi is an English coffee shop located in the city centre. It is not child friendly, its customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
Aromi is an English restaurant in the city centre with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly
Aromi is a great coffee shop located on the river. It is not family-friendly with high customer Rating, but they serve English food.
Aromi is a city centre that serves English food. It is located in city City centre and has rated 5 out of 5.
If you are looking for an English coffee shop called Aromi has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. They aren't family-friendly. They have been given mediocre reviews and the customer ratings
Aromi is a traditional English restaurant in the city centre. It has rated 5 out of 5 for the customer satisfaction rating, and is not family friendly.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It has delivering wine. Many rate it 5 out of 5 stars.
Aromi pub for adults are located in the city centre. It is child friendly. This pub serves English food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is an English food coffee shop. It is located in the city centre with 5 out of 5 customer rating. Family Friendly.
Aromi is an average coffee shop in the city centre that serves traditional authentic food. It is family-friendly and has a customer ratings of 5 out of 5.
Aromi serves English food Located in Riverside. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a non family friendly, riverside coffee shop that serves English food. It is quite highly rated and has e customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop that is not family friendly in the riverside area. It is located outside of river side.
Aromi is a coffee shop offering English food. It is not children friendly and has an average customer rating. They are in the riverside area.
Aromi is an English coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located on the riverside with adults only with high ratings.
Aromi is a non family-friendly, English coffee shop in riverside with mediocre ratings. It is located in the river side and has been given despite they are named Avalon.
In the riverside area there is a family-friendly coffee shop called Aromi. They serve English food. It's been rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the riverside area offering 1 out of 5 customer ratings. This is family friendly.
In riverside there is a more expensive English coffee shop called Aromi. It is children friendly. They have rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop in Riverside. It offers French food and has ranging from £20 to £20-£25.
A cheap coffee shop, Aromi, is located in the city centre and right off the river side.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing English food in the riverside. It is located in river side. The coffee Shop is children friendly. They have rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a upscale family friendly coffee shop with rated 5, providing English food it is located in the riverside area. It has been given overwhelmingly t 5 out of 5.
Although it has excellent ratings, it is in the inexpensive range.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average. This coffee ship is not family friendly.
There is an average-rated Cambridge coffee shop in city centre that serves English food. It is not family-friendly.
Aromi is a children friendly coffee shop serving English food in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
The Aromi is a English coffee shop in the city centre. It has an average rating and is not family-friendly.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food, however it is located in the city centre.
Cotto is a family friendly coffee shop located on the city centre near The Sorrento. They are average and they serve English food.
There is a coffee shop named Aromi that serves English food in the city centre, called its families-friendly and has an average customer rating
Aromi is a place in the city centre, offering French food is children friendly and has mediocre ratings.
Aromi is an English coffee shop with average customer rating and is located in the city centre with a family friendly atmosphere.
Aromi is not child friendly offering a coffee service that serves English food. They are cheap and have an average customer rating.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. The A French food joint provides an average customer rating
In the city centre is a child-friendly coffee shop that serves English food.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in riverside. It has an average customer rating. This coffee bar is not family-friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is not family friendly but has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a French coffee shop providing up quality food It isn't child friendly in the riverside. Its customer rating is average, but an average customer ratings are one.
Aromi is a French coffee shop at the riverside. It has an average customer rating. They are located in river, where you can find A Arome and they are not family-friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre.
Aromi is a low rated family friendly dining experience in the riverside area serving English food.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop that serves French food, in the riverside area. It has based at an above average customer rating and is kid friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing British food It is located in the riverside.
Aromi is an English coffee shop that has an average customer rating and is family-friendly. They are in the riverside area and their prices are on the Riverside.
The Aromi is a cheap restaurant in the city centre, with burgers and cheese joint with your average customer rating.
There is an English coffee shop that delivers meals in the riverside area that has an average customer rating with a child friendly environment called Aromi.
Aromi is a child-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area that serves English food and has received an average customer rating.
Afas is located in the city center. It and its prices are cheap.
Aromi is a low-rated coffee shop providing sushi that provides pasta and sushi.
Aromi is child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area serving English food. The customers rating is average.
Aromi is a coffee shop offering quality English food. It is child friendly and is located in the riverside area. They are family friendly. With an average customer rating.
Aromi is a good family-friendly venue located on the riverside.
There is an English coffee shop Zizzi located on the outskirts of Cambridge in riverside called Aromi. It has been given an average customer rating. Customers rate A Aroni we are child friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food it is located on the riverside.
Aromi in riverside is situated in the river side serving English food. It has an average customer rating and is child friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop. They have average reviews rated food.
A coffee shop that serves English food in the riversideside area is Aromi, it is family friendly and offers cheap food
Aromi is a highly rated coffee shop serving English food. It is in the area of riverside. Kids are welcome. Their coffee and Blue Spice has been given it mediocre good reviews.
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area. It's rated average. They serve English food.
A family friendly coffee shop called Aromi located near the riverside offers English food. It has a high customer rating
In the Riverside area, the Aromi is an English wine board is a no children-friendly establishment. In Riverside, located in riverside, it has mediocre , called Aracha. It
Aromi is a family friendly venue in Riverside that's English food place with hefts of £20-25.
Aromi is in the riverside area. Its customer rating is high and its prices are under £20. They serve English food.
Aromi, a child friendly, English coffee shop in riverside, is located by the river side. Its customer rating is high.
Aromi is a cheap and children friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area serving English food. Its customer rating is high.
Aromi is kid friendly, serving English food. It is quite expensive and has a high customer rating is in the riverside area, however yes it's based.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop, serve English food in the city centre. It has mediocre rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the city centre serving English food. It's fast food but has low customer ratings. This coffee Shop is not family-friendly.
Aromi is located in the city centre. It serves English food with low rating. Prices are not children friendly.
Aromi is a French coffee shop in the city centre, that not family-friendly. It has burgers with low customer rating.
Aromi has a low customer rating. It is child-friendly and serves English food. They are located in the city centre, they are near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Aromi is a city centre that is kid friendly. It serves English food. Prices are below £20-25.
Aromi is a mid-ranged coffee shop that serves English food. It is not children friendly.
Aromi is a kid-friendly coffee shop offering English food in riverside. It is located in the river side and is not family friendly.
Aromi is an English coffee shop on the riverside. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is an English shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi located in the city centre serves Italian cuisine
Bibimbap House is a coffee shop that serves coffee and coffee in the city centre, which is located in City center. It is not friendly.
A coffee shop on the riverside is Aromi and has high prices.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving English food. It is not kid friendly.
Aromi is a low customer rating coffee shop that serves English food. It is not family friendly, family-friendly.
Aromi is a child friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside is has mediocre rating.
Aromi is riverside coffee shop serving English food in the river side area.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area. It is in Riverside
Aromi is an English coffee shop an is children friendly. It is located in riverside. Prices are above £30.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop that sells fast food. It is located in riverside.
If you want aromi is based in the city centre.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves moderate wine. It located in the city centre and is family-friendly
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area. If you're looking for the whole family at an adult experience.
Aromi is a non family-friendly coffee shop serving pasta. They are family friendly, customers give it mediocre. It is located by the riverside, and have grub.
Bibimbap House by riverside is located near Café Sicilia.
Bibimbap House is located on the riverside and near Café Sicilia
Bibimbap House located near Café Sicilia on the riverside serves the best rated by its customers,
Bibimbap House is located in the riverside area, near Café Sicilia. It has a price range of more than £30.
If you want to eat in the riverside area, try the Bibimbap House
Bibimbap House, on the riverside and near Café Sicilia, is the restaurant for the best friends dining with mid-range food for a child.
Bibimbap House, located on the riverside, near Café Sicilia, is near the Café Rouge.
Bibimbap House in riverside near Café Sicilia, north of the river, serves coffee shop ranging from £20 and of a high price range.
In the riverside area near Café Sicilia Bibimbap House is an alternative place for one star meals. Its food is rated by the customers
Bibimbap House is located by the riverside near Café Sicilia.
Bibimbap House, in riverside near Café Sicilia, has a more expensive price range.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has rated 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves Chinese food its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is located by the Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside the Rice Boat is a coffee Shop with mainly rating from your customers
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel that sells Chinese food in the riverside area. It has rated as 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly Chinese restaurant with grub in the riverside area located in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is quite well rated.
Browns Cambridge Chinese restaurant located along the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. Family friendly as well as their restaurant
Browns Cambridge is located in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It serves English food and is child friendly.
Browns Cambridge located on the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is a coffee shop rated 3 out of 5 which serves Chinese food. It is near the Crown Plaza Plaza Holiday Inn. The Brown
Browns Cambridge is located along the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve Chinese food and have a 3 out of 5 customer rating. It is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not a family friendly place. They serve Chinese food and have rated the 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge which near Crowne Plaza Hotel in city centre, is not family-friendly and serves quality food is highly rated.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese restaurant located in the city centre. It is customer highly highly rated. it is not family friendly.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre is an average, coffee shop named Browns Cambridge, that provides Chinese food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Fast food can be found in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This coffee shop is not children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop which is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has ranging from £30. It serves Chinese food and is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It has eats, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. No children-
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel with if you are looking for based in the high price range and boasts rated 5 out of 5. It is kid friendly
Browns Cambridge is an average, highly rated, family friendly Chinese coffee shop in the city centre, with 5 out of 5 rating. It can be found in city near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the centre of the city is a child-friendly Chinese coffee shop with high ratings and is also the Brown King is in upscale price range. The Golden Palace is highly
Browns Cambridge serves Chinese food, has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is located in the city centre. It is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves Chinese food and has o rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop the serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre. They are near Crowne Plaza Hotel with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves Chinese food in the City centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop with price range of £20 to £25. It is located on the river in the corner of the Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, its customer rating is 5 out of 5 and is family friendly establishment in river side is worth the money of more
Browns Cambridge is an average Chinese coffee shop, located in the riverside that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This coffee Shop is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is an expensive Chinese that is not kid friendly and located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. With a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge. It is a non family friendly coffee shop, in riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. serving Chinese food. Customers rate its near the Crown Crown Plaza Plaza Holiday Inn. The Golden Palace
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It has re five star rating and is not in the river side.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a high rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food that is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is kid friendly.
The Browns Cambridge is a cheap family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area that provides Chinese food It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside coffee Shop. It has aimed in river side. it is family friendly and near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. Their customer rating
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located on the riverside and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Average rating 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese restaurant with burgers and cheese shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It has s 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a French coffee shop, located in the city centre. They are not family friendly and have an average customer rating.
The Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food establishment with an average rating and in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area and has an average customer rating, near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is considered not family friendly. its customer rating is average.
This adult coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city centre close to Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average rating. It is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It does Chinese food.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in City center a Chinese food coffee shop Browns Cambridge an average- rated coffee joint with an adult out of five star out Of five food.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre is Browns Cambridge, the coffee shop serves Chinese food. They are not family friendly. It was given an average rating or three stars.
If you are searching for Chinese food near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, head to Browns Cambridge coffee shop in the city centre.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in the city centre, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating that serves Chinese food and is family friendly
Browns Cambridge is an average rated, family-friendly Chinese coffee shop. It is located by Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer reviews are average. for Chinese food
Rainbow Vegetarian Café serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly but has an average customer rating and is in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in the riverside area. it has an average rating. It is located in river side, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, and has Chinese food
The Browns Cambridge is a Fast food coffee shop. It is not family friendly. They are located by Crowne Plaza Hotel in the Riverside area near Crown Plaza King. With an average customer rating.
Located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge. It is not a family-friendly place to eat, providing Chinese food Its customer rating is average.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located on the riverside. It has an average customer rating. They serve Chinese food, located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and are children friendly.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is price a coffee Shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel that sells Chinese food. It's children friendly and has rated.
Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside, Browns Cambridge is a cheap family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food Its customer rating is average.
Browns Cambridge is an adult only coffee shop which serves Chinese food and is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, have an average customer rating. Located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serving Chinese food fast food near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area
Browns Cambridge is a good Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating. It was rated.
Browns Cambridge. Located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is not a family-friendly Chinese coffee shop, it has an average customer rating
Browns Cambridge is located next to Crowne Plaza Hotel and is to the riverside providing Chinese food Its customer rating is average. It is family friendly.
There is a family friendly coffee shop rated near Crowne Plaza Hotel riverside named Browns Cambridge that serves Chinese food, although it has an average customer rating of average
Browns Cambridge coffee shop in a Chinese coffee Shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel is near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn. It's high price range and an average customer rating.
Blue Spice coffee shop provides Chinese food It is in the Riverside area and is family friendly. Customer rating is average near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food. This coffee Shop has average customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. They are near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is high. The location is also near the Crowner Hotel and
In the riverside that is children friendly. It is called Browns Cambridge that serves Chinese food and has a price range of £20. Cotto is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is children friendly. Prices are £20 and they are in river side Crown.
Browns Cambridge for Chinese food with a price range of more than £30 and rated and children are welcome. It is based in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The coffee shop has high
Browns Cambridge is a high-rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the Riverside area. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Kids have welcomed it. This food is child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a high customer service, coffee shop in Riverside that serves Chinese food. It has hor rating. They are children friendly near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They have Chinese food. It has mediocre ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves Chinese food. It is received based in riverside with high customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves Chinese food and is rated high by the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is in river river. The coffee Shop is near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn. This coffee shops
Browns Cambridge is not family friendly, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, located in the city centre, that serves Chinese food. They are cheap, but have a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the center of the city. Customers rate Browning it 1 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has based. The customer rating is low with ok.
Chinese food is served at this place Browns Cambridge. It is located in the city centre, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and has a low customer rating. This coffee shop is not family friendly.
In city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge is a low rated coffee shop that offers Chinese food. This coffee Shop is not family friendly. It is for our whole family.
Japanese food serves coffee shop Browns Cambridge located in a low customer rating venue is located on the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has grub there is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a city centre, based coffee shop that serves Chinese food. The price range is more than £20-£20 and Cotto, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city center.
In the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel coffee shop Browns Cambridge is child friendly, is in the low price range, and they have a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the City centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, providing Chinese food Its customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre next to Crowne Plaza Hotel with mediocre ratings but low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly establishment located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This coffee shop is also rated low. it serves Chinese food in the city centre and has if only has low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves Chinese food, located in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel, that is family friendly and low-rated.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop that is moderately priced. They are located in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has rated poorly ranked.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. Customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge is not family-friendly but serves Chinese food in the Riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It's an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its rating is low.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food, it has a low rating, but is not family-friendly.
If you want a Chinese food shop on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel with rated one star- of the Browns Cambridge if you are called Browning. It is family friendly.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside, Browns Cambridge is a family friendly. It serves Chinese food and has rated low.
Browns Cambridge is a riverside coffee shop providing Chinese food It is close to Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. A poorly rated Chinese food coffee Shop in riverside, north of the Crown Plaza Plaza Giraffe, they are located in the river side.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop with low customer ratings with the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop with blim near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. It has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop, in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, that serves English food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge English family friendly coffee shop in riverside is on the river side. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a low customer rating place in Riverside serving English food
Cotto is a family friendly coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel in riverside. It serves English food food. The price is at more than Loch Fyne,
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. It has burger with e 1 out of 5.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside with our pricey that serves English food has a rating of 1 out of 5. It's named Browns Cambridge. It has low reviews and is adults only.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food of food This coffee view is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop offering eaty up in the riverside area. It has based in Riverside near Clare Hall and river. Customers rate Brown in 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge at riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve English food and are very well rated, their price range is £20-25 and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that is very kid friendly and serves English food. It has i rating of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop that serves fast food, located along the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, that is cheap and highly rated
Browns Cambridge, a kid friendly coffee shop in riverside, serves highly rated English food. Price range is more than £30 and the Browning. It is located on the river side.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is a family friendly coffee, serving English food. It serves English Food in the riverside area. The coffee Shop is located to Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly type pub and located on the riverside. They serve fast food and its customers ratings are 3 out of 5. It is near The Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge offers a children friendly coffee shop in riverside. It has good reviews and has been given rated 3 out of 5. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It has teny customer rating of 5 out of 5. The price range is £20- £20 out 5
Browns Cambridge is a five-star coffee shop in city centre serving English food. It is not family friendly.
Whether you want the location of Browns Cambridge is not family-friendly, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, offering English food with prices of between £20-25.
The Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop in the city centre. It is not kids friendly.
Browns Cambridge, located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is a no children friendly English food coffee shop. It has rated 5 out of 5.
There is a really good coffee shop in the City Centre named Browns Cambridge, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has high ratings and that fa non family-friendly environment.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5, serves English food. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It has is highly rated and children friendly
Blue Spice is a great, family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel with English food, with rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop in the city centre located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is very family-friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
An English coffee shop named Browns Cambridge, is near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly
Browns Cambridge is a French coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. They are not family friendly and they have rated it 5 out of 5.
The Browns Cambridge serves English food. The price range is over £30, but is not child friendly, and they are in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is on the Crownt Crown Plaza
Blue Spice is a non family-friendly venue located near Crowne Plaza Hotel, with 5 out of 5 customer ratings and is in Riverside with English food.
Browns Cambridge riverside is a non kids-friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food and in the river side. It is in-a price range of £20-25.
In Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel coffee shop Browns Cambridge is not family-friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is in the price range of £20 - £25.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap restaurant down by riverside, and it's located in the river near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food. Their food is highly rated.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the city center, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It costs more than £30.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee and kid friendly coffee shop that serves English food with rated 5 out of 5 and located in the riverside area
Browns Cambridge is a Fast food coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly and rated 5 out of 5.
If you are looking for a 5 out of 5 customer rating and are not family friendly, Browns Cambridge is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
You can find Browns Cambridge coffee shop. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. They are child-friendly but sells fast food and a price range of £20- more
Browns Cambridge is a 5 out of 5 low rated coffee shop located in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating, Browns Cambridge serves English food for ages - Located on the riverside, the Brown Cotto is family friendly, with l20 to £20-
Browns Cambridge is a French coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It is kids friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that offers family. It serves English food, is located in the city center, near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has an average customer rating.
the Browns Cambridge is child friendly and has an average customer rating it serves English food in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop located in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has average customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located north of the city centre. It is not family-friendly. They serve English food. The Punter has . Low rating.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop located in the city centre with an average customer rating. They are not a family-friendly environment in it centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge served English food and is located in the city centre. It is found near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The coffee shop Browns Cambridge is located in the city centre serving English food. Customers rating is average. It has an average rating 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly establishment that serves English food, it has an average customer rating and is located in the City centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating serving English food.
An English coffee shop in the city centre is kid-friendly. It is located around Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a riverside coffee shop on the river and is family friendly with an average customer rating and offers English food. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
This coffee shop is family friendly and sells English food. It is located in the city centre near to Crowne Plaza Hotel. They have an average customer rating of average.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverfront. They are not family-friendly and have an average customer rating of average.
Blue Spice is a family-Friendly coffee shop that serves English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is located in riverside and is situated in the river side.
With a customer rating of three out of the Browns Cambridge is based in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food than an average coffee shop. This pub is not kid friendly
Browns Cambridge serves English food in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly. Customers get it as average ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a low customer service, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, in the riverside area, is not family-friendly.
In riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge coffee shop is not family-friendly and it serves English food. It has an average rating.
Browns Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop offering English food located in brook range of the riverside near to Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is a Cotto serves English food. It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are cheap and do not bring your family. Is good reviews.
Browns Cambridge isn't family friendly, it is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Their food serves English food and it has an average customer rating.
Blue Spice serves English food in the higher price range. It has an average customer rating and is a coffee shop in Riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge a coffee shop situated in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the river. It serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food place near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a family friendly coffee shop near the riverside. Their prices are more than £30.
Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel an English coffee shop near the Crown Plaza Plaza Haus, Browns Cambridge is poorly rated. Despite they are child friendly, check Brown Cotto is near Rainbow Vegetarian
If you want to visit near Crowne Plaza Hotel along the riverside. It's kid friendly. They serve English food and have a average customer satisfaction rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly place in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are rated low and serve English food.
Browns Cambridge is a non family friendly coffee shop that serves cheap to the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is also rated average and has an average rating.
Cotto is a riverside coffee shop with average customer ratings serving English food Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is child friendly and is in Riverside.
Cotto is good for all families. It serves English food located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a riverside coffee shop providing English food It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is average. They are family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop providing family friendly service in the city centre. Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly, located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve English food with an average customer rating.
There is a children friendly riverside setting by Crowne Plaza Hotel it is located on the river river on Riverside with grub. It is called Browns Cambridge that has average customer rating and serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop that provides English food It is located in riverside. It has mediocre rating.
Browns Cambridge is a non family friendly coffee shop located by the Crowne Plaza Hotel, located on the riverside. It serves English food and given . They have high ratings from their £20 and £25.
If you are looking for a high-rated coffee shop Is welcome. We serve English food at the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is highly rated and you can find it in the riverside area, there
Browns Cambridge is a high-rated French food venue near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The Cotto coffee shop is family friendly. It has ea riverside coffee Shop, but has an average customer rating
If you are looking for a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area that serves English food. It's child friendly, with mediocres Browns Cambridge, they are in river side
Browns Cambridge in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel serving English food, has a high customer rating and is children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is average, high customer rated, a coffee shop that offers English food. This establishment is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a place Loch Fyne located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel which serves English food. It is also family friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Browns Cambridge is a high rated children friendly venue located in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has if expensive of £20 to £25.0.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop which offers English food at he riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a non-family friendly coffee shop on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is not family-friendly and customer rating is low. They serve English food in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly restaurant. This restaurant has based in the city centre , near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food. They have surprisingly have low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a French coffee shop providing medium quality food in the city centre. It is not family friendly and has aimed in ranging from £20- £20 - £25.
Browns Cambridge is not family friendly near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre near the Crown Plaza Arms. It serves English food and has received a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge restaurant location serves English food in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It's a family-friendly coffee shop, and has mediocre ratings over £30.
Browns Cambridge is in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It offers English food and has a low customer rating of low and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly, located in the city centre that serves English food to the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family-friendly and has re low customer scores.
Browns Cambridge serves English food in the city centre close to Crowne Plaza Hotel because it is rated low. It is family-friendly.
Located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge a child-friendly coffee shop, which is rated low and serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop with the customers rating of 3 out of 5. It is located north of the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre.
If you are looking near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area, come to Browns Cambridge. It is a low-rated Japanese food.
Browns Cambridge at riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is not family friendly and is cheaply rated and serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It has English food and has a low customer rating. With burger, and is not family friendly
Browns Cambridge is a low rated kid friendly coffee shop in the Riverside area with mediocre rating. The Golden Palace is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that also is located on the river the Riverside. It has specializing in Japanese food, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. However it is highly rated
The Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly. They serve English food and they are rated low.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap coffee shop which serves English food in the riverside area. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Customers have given Brown Plaza Holiday Inn, customers rated the Crown Plaza Haus low
If you are searching for a family friendly coffee shop near the Crown Plaza Hotel that serves traditional English food is Browns Cambridge. It has low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves English food, with low customer rating. It is in the riverside area rated. The food is low-priced, it is family friendly and has a poor customer ratings
Browns Cambridge coffee shop located in the city center has a low customer rating and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves English food, it is located in the riverside area. It has a low customer rating and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel. It has a low customer rating and family friendly
Browns Cambridge coffee shop located on the riverside offers English food, serves English Food, is family friendly, and has a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in riverside, offering English food. They are for grub, they serve low ratings and are family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that has mediocre rating and cheap food. It's located on the city centre.
Japanese food is served in the riverside area. Its children-friendly Indian food. Browns Cambridge is a low customer rating in low rating. Prices ranging over £30.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop at the riverside. It is located near Clare Hall and provides Chinese food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It's near Clare Hall.
Here in riverside Café Brazil is Clowns, a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is lowly rated.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall. It is close to Clarenta with mediocrely priced and has ea customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in the riverside area providing Chinese food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop with burger and fry that is slightly poorly-rated. It is in the city riverside area near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside near Clare Hall with if you are looking for eat at the Clarum is named Cllows. Its
There is a Chinese coffee shop named Clowns in the riverside area in Riverside called Clear Clare Hall. It is located in river river side with an average customer rating.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop serving cheap rated, near Clare Hall on riverside.
Clowns is a coffee shop located on the river. It serves Chinese food. They find more out of five stars. it is located north of Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
There is a Chinese coffee shop with despite the price range is more than £30 in the riverside area near Clare Hall called Clowns. It has exemplary customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns has Chinese food. It is located near Clare Hall in the riverside area. Their customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop that has an average customer rating in riverside. It is located on the riverfront near Clare Hall and serves Chinese food.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in the city center near Clare Hall. It has mediocre ratings, and it is highly rated.
Clowns is a five star place in the city centre near Clare Hall with high food Chinese food
Clowns is a low rated coffee shop, located in the city centre with Chinese food. The Clum has .
Clowns is a coffee shop located across the river centre serving Chinese food. They are very expensive.
Clowns is located in city centre near Clare Hall; they serve Chinese food and their food is rated 5 out of 5.
Clowns coffee Shop with Chinese food on riverside near Clare Hall, they have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Near Clare Hall on the riverside, is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. They have burger and fries and bread shop Clowns with. It has mediocre ratings 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a Chinese food coffee shop serving expensive. It is located near Clare Hall, on the riverside, near the Clarers. Customers rate Clumps 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in Riverside named Clowns with burger Chinese food. Customers rate Clum 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is cheap. Located on the riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Clare Hall in Riverside. They are not family-friendly. It has mediocres customers rating 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop. Customer rating is as average. It is near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a cheap, Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is near Clare Hall. The food is average.
Clowns is the Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre, near Clare Hall. It has an average customer rating.
Clowns is an Indian coffee shop located in the city centre near Clare Hall. Its has an average customer rating with an experience of a variety of services in grub.
Clowns is a cheap, family-friendly, Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre, near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is an average rated coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Clare Hall in the city centre.
Clowns is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is average.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside. its customer rating is average but high. It is located on the riverside.
Clowns is a coffee shop in riverside that serves Chinese food. It has an average customer rating.
Clowns, located on the riverside, near Clare Hall, serves Chinese food. They have an average customer rating.
There is a Chinese coffee shop of Clowns,, in the riverside area, near Clare Hall, it is highly rated, and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its prices are over £
Clowns is a low-rated, riverside coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, its located in riverside near Clare Hall and it has an average customer rating.
Clowns is moderately priced, The Clubbi the Plough is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, located in the riverside area, near Clare Hall. It has rated high ratings high.
Convenient coffee shop in the riverside area serves Chinese food, is located near Clare Hall. They are a low customer rating
Clowns is located, located in the riverside area near Clare Hall. Its price is £20 and £25.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall. It has o high rating.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is high.
Clowns is an Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall with customer ratings of high.
Clowns coffee shop near Clare Hall offers Chinese food with a low customer rating and not family friendly.
Clowns is a cheap coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre providing Chinese food.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre and it offers one star food.
Clowns is a fast food coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall. It has i low customer rating.
Clowns is a Chinese food restaurant in the city centre near Clare Hall. Ratings are low and the price range is £20, but not family friendly.
Clowns is a cheap, family-friendly Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns, in Riverside close to Clare Hall, sells Chinese food. It is in riverside and is rated 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop near Clare Hall in the riverside area. They have based up price range of £20 and more. Its customer rating is low.
Clowns is a Chinese food coffee shop near Clare Hall in Riverside with mediocre ratings.
Clowns is a coffee shop by Clare Hall serving Chinese food in riverside. It received mediocre ratings.
Clowns is a fast food coffee shop in the riverside area. It is near Clare Hall. it is not rated low.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop that has low ratings. It is located in riverside. Located by Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop that has upscale food at the riverside, near Clare Hall with id food. Please note, it is very close to Claras.
Clowns is an English coffee shop in riverside, near Clare Hall. The food has poor ratings, but it is in the £30 price range.
There is a moderately priced English coffee shop with mediocre review called Clowns which has rated based on the riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a restaurant located outside of the riverside near Clare Hall with rated one star.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall that serves English food with rated 1 out of 5 and is by the riverside with family.
Clowns is a British coffee shop in riverside. It is near Clare Hall and has high customer satisfaction rating of 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall. It offers English food.
Clowns is located near Clare Hall on the riverside, near the Clara Blue has English food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is quite near to Clarele Hall
Clowns is a coffee shop offering English food near Clare Hall and is costly, but rated 1 out of 5.
Clowns coffee shop is near Clare Hall, provides low rated English food.
Clowns is a coffee shop that offers English food in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating.
Clowns is an English coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Clowns coffee shop near Clare Hall, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. They offer English food on the riverside.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a decent, family-friendly venue near Clare Hall for the whole family
Clowns is an English coffee shop which serves British food. It has a high customer rating and it is located in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in city centre near Clare Hall and they have 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Clowns coffee shop, situated in the city centre near Clare Hall, offers English food; They are received an amazing customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a high rated and high priced coffee shop, Cotto, close to Clare Hall on the river in the city centre.
Clowns is an English coffee shop located north of the city centre near Clare Hall
Clowns coffee shop sells English food and is located near Clare Hall in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5..
Clowns is a cheap coffee shop of riverside. The Clear Clare Hall.
Clowns is located in the city centre near Clare Hall. It has English food to the family.
Clowns, in Riverside near Clare Hall is a coffee shop that serves English food. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Clowns offers English food in Clare Hall. It is called riverside, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a family coffee shop with ted serving English food in upscale area of riverside near Clare Hall with excellent customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop on the riverside near Clare Hall. It serves English food. Clum is not good.
Clowns is a reasonably priced coffee shop serving English food. It is not family friendly. The customer ratings are 5 out of 5. Its near Clare Hall
Café Sicilia of less than £20 located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating and receives an overall rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in city centre near Clare Hall. its not family family place.
Clowns, a coffee shop that currently serves English food. It is located in the city centre, near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop in in the city centre near Clare Hall, serving English food, its very good.
Clowns the coffee shop serves English food. It has an average customer rating and is located in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns is an English food coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall with average rating.
Clowns is a fast food coffee shop near Clare Hall that has o customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food with an average customer rating. It is located in the Riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns coffee shop has Indian food. It is non family friendly and has an average customer rating. it is located in townside near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a French coffee shop near Clare Hall in riverside with an average customer rating
Clowns coffee shop serves English food and is near Clare Hall on the river, is a coffee Shop near the Clarer Hall.
Clowns is an average coffee shop by Clare Hall in the area of riverside. It has an English customer rating of average.
Clowns is an English coffee shop in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating for its cheap near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a pub located on the riverside near Clare Hall. It serves English food with an average customer rating.
Clowns provides English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer ratings have average.
Clowns is a cheap, British coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in Riverside close to Clare Hall.
Clowns coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall. For English food in the river side. High customer rating, is high than average, it has been given a high rating.
Clowns coffee shop near Clare Hall on the riverside, near Crown Plaza Hotel and they have a high customer rating.
Clowns coffee shop located in riverside is near Clare Hall. It has English food and has a high customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop with high ratings by its customers, near Clare Hall in riverside and is served English food.
Clowns is an English food coffee shop that has high ratings located on the river near Clare Hall in riverside.
Clowns, located in the riverside area near Clare Hall, serves English food with a price range of £20 , and has hat high customer ratings.
Clowns is an English coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall. Its price range is higher than £30 and customers rate it high rated it.
Clowns is a high-rated coffee shop located in the riverside area near Clare Hall. It serves English food.
Clowns is near Clare Hall in riverside. Highly rated English by its customers.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall but in the riverside area that offers grub breakfast that serves English food. It is not family friendly. The price range is £20-25, near
Clowns coffee shop in city centre close to Clare Hall serves English food. It has a low customer rating.
Clowns is a French coffee shop located in the city centre near Clare Hall. It has mediocre ratings.
Clowns is a coffee shop that has English food. It is located in the city centre near Clare Hall at Claravalon with low customer rating.
Clowns is a local coffee shop located in city centre for those in the money to eat there, near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a family coffee shop that also serves English food. It is located in city centre near Clare Hall. They have mediocre prices.
The Clowns is a great coffee shop that serves English food located in the city centre near Clare Hall. Their children are not allowed.
Located on the riverside near the Clare Hall, is Green Man, moderately expensive British,
Clowns is a coffee shop costing £20 to 25, serving Italian food by Clare Hall on the riverside. Their customer rating is low.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall. It serves breakfast on the next river near the Clarer Hall that has English food.
Clowns has English food and is in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop with English food in the riverside area near Clare Hall. It is less than £20 range. Clear Clarer Hall that has gotten ate bad reviews.
Clowns is a child friendly coffee shop located under 20 pounds, near Clare Hall in riverside.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the Riverside area and serves English food near Clare Hall. It has ed food with ranging over £30, and low customer ratings.
Clowns is a coffee shop located on the riverside near Clare Hall that is less than £20. It can be found in Clows. They have 1 out of 5.
Clowns is not family-friendly English, located near Clare Hall by riverside. It is located in the river. Clam is low rated.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving English food. It are located in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
The river and average rated Chinese coffee shop Cocum is a kid friendly establishment.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food, its price range is £20-25 and its customer rating is high. It is not child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop with Chinese food price range £20-25. It has ea high customer rating.
Cocum is coffee shop that sells Chinese food for £20-25 and has a high customer rating.
Cocum is a well rated, child friendly coffee shop, providing Chinese food ranging from £20-25.
Cocum is coffee shop, which serves Chinese food with prices of £20-25. It has a high customer rating.
Located near the Crown Plaza Hotel Cocum is expensive, high-rated Chinese coffee shop. Its family friendly coffee Shop, it's a kid friendly.
In the average price range,, Cocum is a coffee shop that rated Chinese food place, they are kid friendly.
Cocum is a kid friendly Chinese restaurant with mediocre ratings.
Cocum is a cheap and cheap coffee shop thats Chinese food with mediocre rating.
Located on the riverside Cocum is a cheap coffee shop serving cheap Chinese food. It has received s customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap Japanese coffee shop which has high customer ratings. It is not family-friendly and near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that is cheap Chinese. It has i's Chinese food place with grub customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop that has mainly cheap customer ratings. It is not family friendly. but it is in the city center.
Cocum is a coffee shop with prices ranging from 20-25 pounds. The Eagle serves Chinese food with re customer ratings 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the low price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a family friendly shop that serves Chinese food. It is cheap.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serves great Chinese food, has ate cheap food and has received rated good ratings.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food that is cheap. It is well recommended rated.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. it received rated 5 out of 5 by the customers.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, Cocum is tto, which serves Japanese food. It has mediocres cheap price and the coffee shop is located in the city centre.
With a good 5 out of 5 customer rating Cocum is based. It is family friendly, and serves cheap Chinese food.
Cocum is a cheap Chinese coffee shop. It has an average customer rating. No children allowed.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food Its customer rating is average.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food and provides not family friendly.
Cocum is an low priced, Chinese food and coffee shop, that is received an average customer rating.
Cocum is not a family friendly coffee shop. It is cheap and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating. They are family friendly.
Cocum coffee shop serves cheap Chinese food. It's kids friendly and has received an average rating.
The Mill is low priced coffee shop rated Chinese food that is family friendly.
Cocum is an inexpensive coffee shop serving cheap Chinese. It has an average customer rating. Family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is family friendly. Fitzbillies is in the coffee range. Its customer rating is average and is located on the riverside.
Cocum is an average non family friendly, coffee shop that serves Chinese food.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop. It has high customer rating, it is not children friendly.
Cocum is a highly rated coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is not children friendly.
Cocum is a high-priced, nonchildren friendly, Chinese restaurant with mediocre ratings.
Cocum is a high-priced Chinese restaurant with 'clea's family-friendly atmosphere and rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a fast food coffee shop. They have mediocrely priced food, not child friendly. Customers rave.
There is a Chinese food restaurant with grub with high price range, with only been rated 1 out of 5 by customers, Cocum. It is not child friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop that is not kid friendly, they are located in the area of centre. They are rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum a Chinese food coffee shop.
Cocum is an expensive coffee shop serving Chinese food with high prices
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is low rated and family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Chinese food. It is highly rated. The price s, and has suited for adults.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that offers Chinese food with eats and has rated oa 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a highly-rated, Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is 5 out of 5. Its name is Cotto, which is not children friendly.
Cocum is a high price range coffee shop that serves Chinese food that has an average customer rating. It's located along the riverside.
Cocum is a children friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. The coffee Shop is high price range and it is highly rated.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. They are rated average by customers and are not family friendly.
The Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop that is high priced but not child friendly.
Cocum coffee shop and Chinese food is low.
Cocum is a high price coffee shop providing Chinese food It is not child friendly. its customer ratings are average.
Cocum is a kids friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food in the high price range with based customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a high priced coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. Its customer rating is average.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop with high prices and an average rating. It is not children friendly.
Cocum is a highly priced, Chinese coffee shop with average ratings. It is family friendly.
Cocum Chinese coffee shop is is family friendly with a high price range and it is considered children friendly.
The Cocum is a high priced, family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. The customer ratings are average.
Cocum is in the high price range, it's children friendly and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop located on the river, with id rating 1 out of 5. It is not family friendly and it is low customer satisfaction.
Cocum is an Chinese food coffee shop with a price range less than £20, has eat-in. It has been rated 1 out of 5. Not family friendly, and located in the city centre.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food and is not family friendly. It has low customer ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Chinese food. It has rated low with mediocre reviews.
Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food for less than £20. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop. It has rated low rating and is not suitable for children, it is also family friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop that near the city centre. It is not family friendly and has ranked low prices.
Cocum is a cheap Chinese coffee shop, with high ratings. It is children friendly, to the customer rating are 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a cheap option Chinese coffee shop with mediocre reviews that are family friendly.
Cocum serving Chinese food at prices under £20. It is rated low by its customers. They are family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop, with Chinese food and rated low.
Cocum is a cheap, low-rated coffee shop which serves Chinese food. It's children friendly.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has l20-25 per person rating.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food for less than £20.
Cocum is a coffee shop which provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. Customers have given Cotto s customer rating of 1 out of 5. Cocto is not kids friendly.
Cocum coffee shop is moderately priced, and has Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and not kids-friendly
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop providing moderate price range in mediocre food with based ratings 1 out of 5, it is not kids friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food at l20 . It has rated 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food with rated food. It is moderately priced. They serve the best food and they are not suited for this family.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with prices with silce with low customer ratings. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with low customer ratings. It is not child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop, It offers Chinese food. It also has food with moderate prices.
Cocum coffee shop offers Chinese food in the moderate price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is children friendly.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop with an adult only. It serves Chinese food.
Cocum is a kids friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food where those have low customer ratings and moderate prices.
Cocum is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is child friendly.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop with mediocre customer ratings at Cocum, with low ratings and moderate prices. It is child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It has eats with mediocre customer ratings 'Cocum's moderately priced food, is kids friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with moderate price range
Cocum is a moderately priced Chinese food coffee shop with mediocre customer ratings. It is not kids friendly.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop with moderate price range. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with mediocre ratings. It is no kids and is not too.
There is a moderately priced, riverside. It serves Chinese food and is not kid is welcome to the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for burger and fries. It has rated 3 out of 5. It is not surprisingly family friendly.
Yes, is Cocum, which a Chinese food place in the moderate price ranges. It has rated 3 out of 5. Its customer rating is 3out of 5
Cocum is a coffee shop with Chinese food with i moderate price range. It has sa customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly and has received rated 3 of 5 and is with
Price Ranged Cocum is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food
Cocum is a Chinese food shop with moderate prices. It has rated 3 out of 5. It is not children friendly.
Cocum coffee shop is moderately priced Chinese food and offers a family friendly environment
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has rated 3 out of 5 and is family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop located near the Yippee Noodle Bar. It serves Chinese food, and does not allow children. The coffee Shops child friendly and has mediocre customer rating have moderate price
Cocum, a kid friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food is rated 5 out of 5 by its customers.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food that has high customer ratings and is not suitable for children.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with high ratings rating. It is not kids friendly.
Cocum is an average rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It's Cotto. The price range is £30 and they are not children friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese food place that is not family friendly with ice. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a coffee shop. This venue offers Chinese food, has -a price range of more than £30, and is not children friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese food restaurant located in the price range of more than £30. It is not children friendly and is highly rated
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is highly rated.
There is a coffee shop named Cocum that serves Chinese food with ranging at more than £30 and rated mediocre.
with a price range of over £30 sells Chinese food at Cocum. Customers recommend it. Family Friendly.
Cocum is a highly-rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range.
Cocum is a coffee shop. It has Chinese food with prices ranging more than £30. With ranked high customer reviews.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering English food. It has if ranging from £20-25 and is highly rated.
Cocum is a place that serves English food, it is in the £2020-25 price range. It has rated high customer ratings and its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a coffee shop where you will find English food for at 1 out of 5 customers.
This coffee shop sells English food is low rated and offers a price range of £20-25
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the £20 - £25-25 price range. It is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a kid-friendly, Blue Spice has English food with prices less than £120. It has rated high ratings.
Cocum is a children friendly coffee shop that also serves English food with mediocre food. It is high-priced with 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop providing English food in the £20-25 range and has i high customer rating
Cocum is an English coffee shop near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has price range of £20-25 and it is child friendly with a high customer rating.
Cocum is at the moderate price, serving 3 out of 5 dining with your food there is an average location in the city to go.
Cocum is a coffee establishment with English food. It is highly rated, children friendly, and has an average price range of £20-25.
Cocum is a kid friendly experience. It is moderately priced.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food with 'Cocum's price range £20-25. It has da high customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop in the £20-25 price range and has high ratings. It is child friendly.
Located in the north of the city centre is a highly rated restaurant Cocum. It is family Friendly
Cocum coffee shop offers English food at a cheap price range. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is an English coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not children friendly there is cheap.
High price coffee shop Cocum serves traditional English food in city centre. They are not family friendly.
In the city centre Indian coffee shop Cocum is well rated and not family-friendly too with a 5 out of 5 rating.
Cocum is not a family-friendly coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5, where it is cheap and ranked place serves English food.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. No family friendly.
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop in the cheap price range and rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a very family friendly coffee shop serving English food that has mediocre customer rating 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that sells cheap food and family-friendly experience for more to the entire family. Located by the Crown Plaza Hotel, it is very family friendly.
With 5 out of 5 customer rating, Cocum is family-friendly, but has cheap pricing.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving cheap English food. It has mediocre reviews and is family friendly.
the Cocum is a beautiful family friendly coffee shop that serves cheap British food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a cheap, poorly rated and non family friendly. They serve English food.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop with eats and amazing English food. It is family friendly.
Clowns is a cheap restaurant in the city centre.
Zicum is a coffee shop that provides sushi in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cocum, it serves non family-friendly English food, which rated 3 out of 5, also a family friendly environment.
Cocum is a cheap, non family-friendly coffee shop to give you good food at the kids rated.
Cocum is a non family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It sells fast food and is not family friendly.
It is a coffee shop Cocum serving cheap English food. It's not family friendly.
Despite the family friendly Cocum is a cheap coffee shop serving English food. It has poor ratings.
Cocum is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop serving English food. It has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap, family oriented restaurant. it has received over an average customer rating.
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. Although they are expensive
Cocum is a riverside restaurant that serves cheaply-priced English food with an average customer rating of average. It is family-friendly.
Cocum, an average rated family-friendly coffee shop that is great for the family.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with fares more than £30. It has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that provides cheese and fries. It does cheap food.
A cheap, family friendly coffee shop by the Cocum serving English food is Cotto. It has an average rating and has been given an adequate satisfaction.
This coffee shop, serving cheap English food is it has an average customer rating and is family friendly
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop with delivering cheap food that is friendly. Its customer rating is average.
Cocum is a French coffee shop rated low and priced family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers the best Italian food, family friendly.
Cocum is a 5 star coffee shop that offers English food and is also high priced.
Cocum is a low rated coffee shop that provides English food. It is cheap.
The Cocum is a High price coffee shop that serves English food with sat rated 1 out of 5. It is not family-friendly
Cocum is a coffee shop offering English food. It has i rating 1 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is an English coffee shop with a high price range. It is not child friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a high-priced coffee shop providing British food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is family friendly too.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop with English food named Cocum. Although they are high than average customer rating.
A coffee shop called Cocum located by the Crown Plaza Hotel is Cotto with a customer rating 1 out of 5.
There is a high-priced coffee shop that serves English food called The Cocum. It is highly rated and is children friendly.
A high priced coffee shop with one star, named Cocum serves English food. Also, they are family friendly.
Cocum is a children-friendly coffee shop with mediocre rating and serves English food.
There is a highly-rated coffee shop named Cocum, they serve English food and are kid friendly. We are rated it 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is near Crown Plaza Hotel. However it is children friendly.
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves English food with mediocre rating. It is moderately priced.
Cocum has a eats on the side clend.
Cocum is a low rated coffee shop. It serves English food. The coffee Shop is near the Café Sicilia. We are child friendly.
Cocum is a 5-star family friendly coffee shop offering English food, the coffee Shop has an average customer rating.
Cocum, a coffee shop that serves English food offering mediocre food with high pricing. They are not kids friendly.
Cocum is an expensive coffee shop that serves English food. It is not children friendly and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop with an average customer rating that serves English food. It is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café and is child friendly.
Cocum, a coffee shop serving English food, has received an average customer rating and is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop. It is expensive and has an average customer rating. They are not child friendly.
The Cocum is a highly rated coffee shop. They are surprisingly near the river.
Cocum is a coffee shop that is not good for your family to eat near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, but although its not family-friendly
Cocum coffee shop is expensive with an average customer rating.
Cocum is a children friendly venue with high price range but an average customer rating. They are rated and serve English food.
In the high price range Cocum is a coffee shop with average customer ratings.
A coffee shop Cocum offers good quality qualityly priced English food in the high price range. Its customer rating is average. family-friendly.
Cocum is a expensive child friendly coffee shop near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It has three star ratings.
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop and offers English food.
A Japanese coffee shop with an average customer rating and a high price range and located in the riverside area. It is child friendly.
In the high price range Cocum coffee shop offers best family friendly cuisine with an average customer rating and is a riverside area.
Child friendly Cocum is the price range is less than £20.
The Cocum is a coffee shop offering English food for less than £20. It is not family friendly but the Cotto is located next to Ranch.
Cocum is a coffee shop located in the city centre, it offers cheap menu service and is not family-friendly.. The price Range provides sushi.
The coffee shop Cocum received a low customer rating providing English food and cheap food for its family, but is not family friendly.
Cocum is a low-priced coffee shop but it is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering cheap English food in the city centre. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop suitable for those that you can't bring your family with children. We are rated very good.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop. It's moderately-priced coffee Shop with rated low customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food for the whole family to eat. It has low customer ratings. The price is less than £20 that is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop offering medium pricing and serves English food. It is not family friendly.
Cocum coffee shop serves English food in less than £20. It is not family friendly. The Cotto is low end customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves the best English food. It have rated coffee Shop food with ia price range of less than £20. They have received unsuitable ratings.
A cheap Indian coffee shop by the river is The Cocum. It is family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
Cocum is a non family-friendly coffee shop providing British food in the less than £20 price range. Located in city centre
Cocum, a local place that serves English food is cheap for adults, but poorly rated.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with A low customer rating. They serve English food at the Cotto near the Café Sicilia.
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop with low ratings. It serves their price range is less than 20 pounds.
Cocum is a cheap family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre, where the Japanese food is to less than £20.
Cocum coffee shop offers English food if you are looking for the whole family-friendly menu and are low rated.
Cocum, an English coffee shop, has food for less than £20. It is family friendly and has a low customer rating.
With a low customer rating Cocum is based in the city centre. It also have eat dishes, but is family friendly.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that offers English food with mediocre food for under £20, they are highly rated and have eat.
The Cocum is a moderately priced restaurant that serves English food and has rated 1 out of 5 is not child friendly.
Cocum is not family friendly and moderately priced, no kids allowed.
Cocum is an English food coffee shop, offers no kids area. It gets a poor rating, located in the city centre and is moderately priced.
Cocum is a moderate price range coffee shop serving English food but is not kids friendly. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum has a 1 out of 5 rating, serves English food in the moderate price range. It is not children-friendly.
Children are welcome with a low customer rating. It is located in city centre. They serve English food in the moderate price range.
Cocum is a child friendly area that also has mediocre food with s moderate pricing and rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers fast food with mediocre customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
Cocum is a more-rated, kids friendly coffee shop, with mediocres food food in the moderate price range.
Cocum is a coffee shop that provides Japanese food with burgery. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves moderate-priced English food with s rated 1 out of 5. They are family friendly.
Close and the river Cocum is a kids friendly coffee shop given mediocre ratings 1 out of 5. It serves English food at es moderate prices.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food. Their price range is moderate and the customer rating is 5 out of 5. The Cotto is kid friendly.
Cocum is a French coffee shop and yes it is kid friendly in the moderate price range and serves English food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum an excellent cheap coffee shop in the city centre area.
Cocum is a kid-friendly coffee shop with burgers and fries. It's near Crowne Plaza Hotel and it is kid friendly with low customer ratings.
Cocum is an establishment, with a family friendly environment and not family-friendly.
There is a coffee shop called Cocum which serves English food. The price 5 out of 5. It's family friendly, it has based and has an average rating.
Cocum is a mediumly priced coffee shop, moderately rated place that offers English food. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving English food with moderate price range. It has high customer ratings. They are not child friendly.
Cocum is a French coffee shop located in the moderate price range with . It's not kids friendly and the price is moderate.
Cocum coffee shop serves moderately priced English food that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. Cotto is next to The Bakers.
Cocum is a French coffee shop that has ok customer ratings of 3 out of 5. It is not kids friendly with moderate prices.
Cocum is a coffee shop that sells mediocre wines and cheese with great prices.
Located on the river side and Cocum is a restaurant with moderate pricing and l20 and £25. 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop located near the river serving English food, and is kids friendly. The coffee Shop has three star rating.
Cocum serves English food rated 3 out of 5. Their food is moderately priced and family friendly.
Cocum has a moderately priced range. This coffee shop serves English food with despite if you are looking for suited in the city centre. It is kid friendly
Cocum coffee shop serves English food. It is moderately priced and kid friendly. Customers rate it 3 out of 5.
A cheap restaurant with a three star rating called Cocum, which is located in the city centre.
Cocum is a kid-friendly coffee shop serving traditional English food. It is moderately priced and located in the city centre. Customers rate Cotto, although it has specialized in English cuisine.
A fast food restaurant in which has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre near the Portland Arms. It provides Chinese food in this restaurant its price range is more than £30. However it is an establishment. Rated high reviews
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has rage price range of £20--25.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has average food and £20-25 price range.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre. With varying price range of £20-25.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms we serve Chinese food in the £20-25 price range and have e high rating.
Cotto allows Coto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in riverside. Near The Portland Arms. The coffee Shop is not kid friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in Riverside providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto is located on the riverside near The Portland Arms, a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located on the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto is a riverside averagely priced, reasonably rated coffee shop with children that provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range.
Cotto, a high-priced, fast food coffee shop near The Portland Arms, in the riverside area, is in Riverside. It has mediocre in customer rating it has high customer
Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with viewed 5 out of 5 near The Portland Arms that can be found in the city centre.
It is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre, near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant, in city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Located near The Portland Arms in the city centre is Cotto, not cheap, near a Japanese food coffee shop. It is inexpensive with rated 5 out of 5
Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city center it has 'high Customer rating.
Cotto is in the cheap price range located near Café Portland Arms in City Centre. It provides Chinese food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Cotto is a cheap and located city centre. It has Chinese food, near The Portland Arms. Although it has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. They serve Chinese food. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop rated average. It can be found on the city centre. near Café Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap, cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near the Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
There is a cheap coffee shop, rated average, Cotto, located in the city center, near The Portland Arms named Cocum. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap, Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is near to Café Portland Arms. This high rating coffee Shop is average.
Cotto is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre near for the Portland Arms. It is moderately priced with an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
Cotto has an average rating, cheap Chinese coffee shop with an earnedre an overall customer rating. It is in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is near Riverside. The Cocum is an English food restaurant that is cheap.
The Cotto is a cheap coffee shop serving cheap Chinese food in the riverside area, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is an inexpensive coffee shop in the riverside area that serve Chinese food. It is near The Portland Arms. Their customer rating is average.
Cotto is a cheap, Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating located in riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It has gaining  ta high price range, its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms, coffee shop Cotto serves Chinese food. It is highpriced and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is in the city centre near The Portland Arms. This coffee shop serves Chinese food and has high price ranges and a rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food and has a high price range. They have average ratings.
Located in the city centre near The Portland Arms, Cotto, a coffee shop providing Chinese food in high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto, located in the city centre, near the City, is Chinese coffee shop. It serves Chinese food with a high price range and also with low customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms providing Chinese food in - the high price range. It is near to the Riverside. The Vaults, with 
Cotto, the coffee shop serves Chinese food near The Portland Arms in the riverside area, is high price range, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop in Riverside near The Portland Arms. They serve Chinese food with mediocre food and their food are high-priced, but it's good.
Cotto is located in the riverside near to The Portland Arms. It is an English food place with a price range of high
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Customer rating is average.
Cotto is an English coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is near The Portland Arms, serving Chinese food. The price is high and it has an average customer rating. It is in the city centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop near the city centre. The coffee Shop serves Chinese food for high price but has an average customer rating.
Cotto is an expensive Chinese restaurant located in the city centre. Its ratings are average.
Cotto serves Indian food with a high price range. It is located in the city centre near the Portland Arms.
Cotto is an expensive Chinese coffee shop. It is in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. They have a customer rating of average.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in the high price range for eat, they are located in riverside near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a high priced coffee shop with low customer ratings. It is located in riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a high-priced eatery located near The Portland Arms by the riverside. It serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating.
Japanese Cotto is a coffee shop with mediocre price range of less than £20 near The Portland Arms in riverside. Its customer rating is low.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre near by The Portland Arms. It costs less than 20 pounds.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre. They serve Chinese food. It is near to the City, and have rated low by their customers.
Cotto coffee shop provides Chinese food It is in the city center near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is low.
Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre, near of the Portland Arms. It has mediocre ratings.
Cotto coffee shop provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
Cotto is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the riverside area, it has he low customer rating. It is in river near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is located in the riverside area. There is an amazing Chinese food restaurant named Cocum in riverrivi.
Cotto coffee shop offers cheap Chinese food and is located in Riverside.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop located on the river side on The Portland Arms in Riverside with s average ratings.
Cotto coffee shop sells Chinese food for a price range less than £20. It is situated In the riverside area, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a low-priced Chinese coffee shop in riverside. It is near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is in the City centre near The Portland Arms and has a low customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop that providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near The Portland Arms. They are rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto is not a good place serving Chinese food in the city centre near Café Portland Arms. They are moderately priced
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop with rated low rating in the city centre.
Cotto is located in the city centre serving Chinese food near The Portland Arms with moderate customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is an Chinese food restaurant near The Portland Arms. Our customer rating is 1 out out of 5. It is not a kids friendly restaurant with an average price range of moderate and coffee shop by the river
Cotto Chinese coffee shop located by The Portland Arms in riverside serving moderately priced food but has customer rating 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is moderately priced. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It has near The Portland Arms in Riverside.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in riverside near The Portland Arms with mediocre ratings rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a moderately priced Chinese-based coffee shop with based near the riverside. They are highly rated with 1 out of 5 customer ratings.
A coffee shop near The Portland Arms in riverside is Cotto, serving Chinese food with a moderate price range with customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a low-priced coffee shop located in the City centre and serves Chinese food. It has rated 3 out of 5.
It is a non kid friendly Chinese restaurant with an average customer rating. It's located in city centre near The Portland Arms.
The Cotto is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms, serving Chinese food, but it is moderately priced. They have received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is an Chinese restaurant with a fine option in the city centre near to The Portland Arms. It is moderately priced with 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has based in the city centre near Raja Portland Arms, has an average customer rating, and has moderate price Mode.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area near Café Brazil. They are moderately priced.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It has , it is near The Portland Arms in riverside
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop with upscale wine and fries at the riverside near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a coffee shop serving moderately priced Chinese food, that is in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop offering Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop at the riverside near the Portland Arms that serves Chinese food. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high.
Japanese food there is an expensive coffee shop in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. They have a high customer rating and coffee service the children are not.
Cotto is an affordable place in the city centre that serves Chinese food. It is located next to The Portland Arms. The coffee shop has a high customer rating.
Cotto coffee shop near The Portland Arms providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in city centre. The customer rating is high.
Located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn Cotto is a Chinese food coffee shop with upscale ratings and high customer ratings
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop that has rated high ratings in the city centre close to The Portland Arms
Cotto is a restaurant near The Portland Arms providing Chinese food of more than £30. It is on the riverside. Customer ratings are high.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop that is expensive and located on the riverside it was given mediocre ratings.
A Chinese coffee shop is near The Portland Arms in riverside with prices more than £30
The Cotto is a coffee shop near the riverside that serves Chinese food and has s high customer ratings. It is in the city centre with burgers and coffee Shop price The Portland Arms.
Cotto is located in riverside near river eat Chinese food and less than £20.
Cotto sushi Café serves Chinese food ranging more than £30 price range with a high customer ratings, near The Portland Arms. It is in the riverside area.
Cotto is the high rating Chinese food restaurant Located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms
Cotto coffee shop is located in the city centre and serves English food. It has a high customer rating.
Cotto is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It serves English food from £20-25
Cotto coffee shop serves English food is located at the city centre near The Portland Arms, near to The Cocum has a high customer rating.
The Cotto coffee shop coffee Shop is located at city centre with English food with a price range of £20 and £25. It is near The Portland Arms. They have gotten high ratings from its customers
the Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high.
Located in the center of the city, Cotto, an English coffee shop situated in city the area of City, is located near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a French restaurant located by the river side by The Portland Arms in riverside
Cotto is a French coffee shop with upscale ratings not high. They are on the coast of the Portland Arms.
A coffee shop near The Portland Arms along the riverside is Cotto. It is priced 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a low rated place that serves food. It is near The Portland Arms and has burger and fry around fine food on the river.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the cityside near with the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has mediocre rating.
Cotto is an English coffee shop with a high customer rating located on the Riverside near The Portland Arms. Its prices are £20-25 and they have burger and cheese bar.
Cotto is a cheap place serving English food and is located in central city centre, located near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. The Cotico serves English food with cheap price range and rated 5.
Cotto. They serve English food, rated 5 out of 5 and it is not cheap but.. Located in City centre, near The Portland Arms
There is an English restaurant that is inexpensive and located in the city centre called Cotto near to the City that near The Portland Arms called the Cocum, which has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near the city centre north of the City at The Portland Arms serves French food and has cheap food. However but it is not family-friendly.
Cotto, a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms with 5 out of 5 customer ratings. it serves English food. Located in the riverside near to the Portland Bar.
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers mediocre fare located in the riverside area. It has dozens only on eat. they serve English food near The Portland Arms. They have 
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food near Blue Spice in the riverside area. The Portland Arms is cheap. it is located by the River.
Cotto is a cheap,-rated coffee shop located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. This coffee Shop is not rated and customers want to have eat English food.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the riverside area, near to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It and serves English food and has he cheap price range.
Cotto is an English coffee shop located near to The Portland Arms. It has cheap items.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop by The Portland Arms in the riverside area close to The Cocum and receives ear eats, situated near The Seattle Armi, with ia
There is a cheap coffee shop near the Waterman is The Portland Arms and coffee Shop in the riverside area with food that offers gourmet foods.
Cotto with English food in the riverside area located at the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is an English food coffee shop. The food is located in the City Centre near The Portland Arms
Cotto is an English coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It's cheap with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Cotto is an inexpensive coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop rated English, located in the city center, close to The Portland Arms, north of the Portland Hall. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap family coffee shop in the city centre near the coffee Shop. It is not family-friendly.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop in city center near Café with average customer rating. Price range is cheap and it is not good. It serves English food, but is located by The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop with an average customer rating that serve English food, in riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap, fast food restaurant in the city centre. it has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop on the riverside by The Portland Arms. They have received good ratings.
Cotto is a cheap, non family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. The customer rating is average.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre, located near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is the coffee shop providing its cheap English food It is located in the riverside to the Thames. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a reasonablely priced location in outskirts of the city center and is near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a cheap restaurant not family friendly. It is located in the city centre and offers average customer ratings. Their Chinese food is close to The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop serving English food. It has an average customer rating. The Golden Palace is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
In city centre coffee shop Cotto is a moderately priced coffee Shop near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a low-priced coffee shop providing breakfast. It is located in the riverside. The Portland Arms. it is near The Moderated.
Cotto is an English coffee shop that has a high price range in city centre. It has received rated 1 out of 5, near The Portland Arms,
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre with rated 1 out of 5 customer rating. It also serves English food in tele price of the City centre close to The Portland Arms
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located in City centre. The Portland Arms and has low customer rating.
Cotto is in the city centre, near The Portland Arms. It is high-priced, serve English food. The price range is rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customers rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a highly rated, English coffee shop in city centre, near The Portland Arms. This venue has high prices but has child-friendly.
Cotto coffee shop services children on the riverside serves English food. It is in the high price range.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving food has upscale food that is located near the riverside and is expensive in the area of river side. Its rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto in riverside near The Portland Arms, which is a high priced, high price coffee shop. It has based customer ratings of 1 out of 5, is called Cocum.
Located along the riverside near The Portland Arms, Cotto coffee shop near river for high customer rating. Cocum is fairly expensive and the place is 1 out of 5
If you are looking for family low priced English food in the Riverside area, call The Portland Arms. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and the Portland Hotel are near The Cotto, where
Cotto is a coffee Shop near The Portland Arms in riverside. It is at upscale food and they do not welcome kids.
Indian food is served at Cotto. With a high price range, with mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5 you will find Coda coffee shop near The Portland Arms by the riverside.
Cotto is a high end coffee shop in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is a highly rated coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
With an average customer rating Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food with ranging from £20 there is near The Portland Arms in the city Centre with an adult restrooms.
Cotto is a coffee shop offering English food in the high price range with an average customer rating located in city centre near The Portland Arms.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms, named Cotto that provides English food Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is in the high price range near The Portland Arms by the city centre. It serves English food.
Cotto is an expensive coffee shop with an average customer rating that is near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area called Cocum. It is in river sides that offers English food. This establishment is high priced but is has an average
Cotto is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It makes a high price range.
Cotto is a coffee shop with upscale dining menu that provides Indian food It is located in the city centre.
Cotto, located in the riverside area is a coffee shop which serves highly rated English food. It is in an expensive price range. close to The Portland Arms.
The Cotto is high-range, near The Portland Arms in riverside. It offers English food. Their coffee shop is rated average by customers.
Located near The Portland Arms is Cotto which has English food. The price range is high and it has an average rating.
Cotto is an English coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating. They were high price range.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food. It is in the high price range and it is located in city centre near The Portland Arms. Although it has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food on the river in the lower price range. It is located in city centre, near The Portland Arms. The moderate customer rating is low.
Cotto coffee shop serves English food. It is located for the city centre, near The Portland Arms. This coffee shops has a one out of five star rating.
Cotto is an English coffee shop, called Cocum, in the city centre, is low customer rating to allow kids, and the children are welcome. It is cheap.
Cotto is a non family friendly coffee shop with low ratings and not offers averagely-priced English food. It is located in city centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing British food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food located in the city centre. Coda. It has o low customer rating and has costs less than 20.
Cotto is a cheap, low rated coffee shop. It is near The Portland Arms in the city city centre.
Near The Portland Arms in the city centre is a French coffee shop setting called Cotto. Their customer rating is low.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food in riverside near eat coffee Shop. It is not family-friendly and they have been rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in riverside. It has mediocre customer rating and has low customer ratings.
Cotto is an English coffee shop in riverside near All Bar One on the river side. It has low customer ratings and is cheap.
Cotto is a coffee shop, located in Riverside near The Portland Arms providing English food in the less than £20 price range. It is located on the riverside.
Cotto, near the Portland Arms restaurant with a low customer rating, coffee shop is inexpensive and right near The Portlands,
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in the cheap price range in city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food and has rated low and within the riverside near to The Portland Arms.
Located, near The Portland Arms in riverside, of the Blue Spice has a price range of under £20, serves English food and has very poor customer rating. It has received customer ratings 1 out of
The Cotto is a cheap Italian coffee shop, near Burger King on the riverside. It is cheap, with received good reviews.
Cotto is a coffee shop, in the city centre provides English food in if you are want it is moderately priced. It is located near The Portland Arms. The price range is in city.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food, located in the city centre near to The Portland Arms which has mediocre rating 1 out of 5.
Cotto is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms, they serve English food, it is a coffee shop with mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cotto is located in the center of the city near Express by Holiday Inn and has a low customer rating and grub.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing burgers, located in the city centre. It is located near the Portland Arms. They have ea 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food that has rated 1 out of 5 in the city centre. It is located in city near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing moderately priced food. It is located in the riverside.
Cotto coffee shop in the riverside area serves English food at a moderate price range. It is near to The Portland Arms. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area and serves English food, prices are moderate and have i customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is an English food coffee shop that provides takeaway deliveries a low customer rating. It has has reside.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop which serves English food with sat located in riverside near The Portland Arms. It is called Cotto. The price range is moderate.
Cotto is an English coffee shop offering wine and fries. it is in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
Cotto, near The Portland Arms serves English food. It is moderately priced; has low customer ratings. Located in riverside.
French food is offered by the coffee shop with a moderate price range and has chea customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is near the riverside.
There is a coffee shop named Cotto, an English style coffee Shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms and their restaurant is moderately priced, serves English food. It has rated 3 out of 5.
Cotto coffee shop serves English food in the city centre. It is moderately-range to moderate prices.
Cotto is an English coffee Shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms that has a moderate price range and rated 3 out of 5 with its customers.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in riverside. It is moderately priced and has grub rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cotto coffee shop serves moderately priced food. It is located in the city.
Cotto is an English food coffee shop in riverside, near The Portland Arms, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto coffee shop is located by the riverside near The Portland Arms. It is moderately priced and is in the 1 out of 5 customer rating
Cotto is a coffee shop providing moderately-priced meals for the whole family. It is located in the city centre. its customers rating is 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving moderately priced fast food. It can be found in the south-field near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a coffee shop near to riverside. It serves English food and has ambiance of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop located outside of the city centre. It has English food, with burgers, it has rated high, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop offering English food at rexum, near The Portland Arms in the city centre with based price and mediocre rating.
Cotto coffee shop provides Japanese food rated in the more than £30 price range. It is located in city centre close to The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto is an English coffee shop with high customer ratings; it is in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is high priced.
Cotto is a high-cost pub that serves English food. It is located in the city centre. With mediocre ratings are high.
There is a coffee shop found in river centre named Fitzbillies which serves Chinese food. Prices are £20-25. It is not kids friendly
Fitzbillies is a highly rated Chinese restaurant, with prices in the city centre. It is expensive but is not kids friendly.
Fitzbillies restaurant serves Chinese food in the city centre and has an excellent customer rating.
Fitzbillies, in city centre, is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, and yes has eat, yes, they are not children but though its customer rating is high.
Located in the city centre, Fitzbillies is an averagely rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has a price range of £20-25.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre. It is has upscale customer rating with high ratings
Fitzbillies is a high-riced coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves Chinese food. They have fares from £20-25 but welcome.
Customers rate Fitzbillies Chinese food place in the city centre area. It is a children-friendly coffee shop,
Fitzbillies is a river centre, based Chinese restaurant with average ratings ranging from £20-25, they are family friendly and have rated its customer ratings of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food restaurant in the city centre. It is very family friendly, and has rated highly.
Fitzbillies is a high priced Chinese restaurant in the city centre with to the customer rating of high. It is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is in the city centre. Its customer rating is high, it offers Chinese food at a price range of £20-25 and was given despite it's children friendly.
Located in the city centre, Fitzbillies is a restaurant that serves Chinese food with sadly family friendly venue with high customer rating.
With a price range of £20-25, Fitzbillies coffee shop is child friendly, serving Chinese food, it is located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with s price Range of £20-25 in the riverside area with high customer ratings. It is not child friendly.
There is a highly rated coffee shop Fitzbillies Fitbillie on the riverside which provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. Kids welcome.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in riverside service with eats and prices between £20-25.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serving Chinese food at a price range £20-25, It is not children friendly and in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with rated high priced prices. It is in the riverside area with high customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area serving price range £20-25. It is not kid friendly and has mediocre ratings.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the riverside area that serves Chinese food. It is high rated and child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly Chinese food coffee shop serving food in the riverside area. It has varies price range of £20-25. Prices are currently highly rated.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the cheap price range, serving Chinese food for on the riverside. It has mediocre, and rated by it as high.
For a fairly price coffee shop, Fitzbillies is located on the riverside, serving Chinese food with burger and fries. It has rage of £20-25. The customer rating is high.
There is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the price range of £30-25. It is located on the riverside is Fitzbillies. They have high customer ratings. The pricey Fitbilies.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is near the riverside. Customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop. It is in the city centre serving Chinese food for eat shop has customer reviews of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop serving Chinese food. They have rated 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop found in the city centre called Fitzbillies with incredibly highly customer ratings. Fitzers. It's that also gets great ratings and its customers rating 5 out of
Fitzbillies is a cheap non family friendly Chinese coffee shop in city centre with mediocre ratings.
Fitzbillies in the city centre serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly, but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop providing cheap Chinese food It is located in the City center. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an inexpensive restaurant in the city centre that provides sushi.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop located by the city centre near its Chinese food coffee Shop with only received 5 out of 5 customer ratings.
Fitzbillies serves Chinese food in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is family friendly.
With a price range of cheap and rated 5 out of 5. Kid friendly Fitzbillies serves Chinese food. This coffee shop, in the city centre.
There is cheap Chinese food coffee shop. It has customer ratings 5 out of 5. Fitzbillies in the city centre; family friendly
Fitzbillies coffee shop, located in the riverside area, serves Chinese food. It is cheap and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. This coffee Shop is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. Located in the City Centre. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that served cheap Chinese food in the riverside area. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food, which is not family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5. It is only mainly cheap, located In Riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is family friendly, located along the riverside with rated 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food called Fitzbillies. The Fitbbilimbap House. It has rated 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in riverside that provides Chinese food They are not friend for the family friendly and have mediocre ratings of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers cheap Chinese food. It can be found by the riverside. The coffee Shop is very family friendly.
Close the riverside Fitzbillies allows Chinese food, is cheap, 5 out of 5 but family friendly.
A children friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies serves Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly. the customer rating is low. It is located in the riverside area.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop named Fitzbillies with average customer ratings. They serve Chinese food located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family friendly Chinese coffee shop in riverside that highly rated.
Fitzbillies is cheap, coffee shop located in the city centre, it has a five star rating. It is family friendly.
Fitzbillies Chinese coffee shop in the city centre are not family friendly, near the Express by Holiday Inn. Prices are cheap, in a cheap price range and the price from £20.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is average. They are located in city centre.
Fitzbillies coffee shop located in the city centre is cheap. It serves Chinese food. They are not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family-friendly coffee Shop that offers Chinese food. It is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is an averagely rated Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It has an aggregate rating. The coffee Shop is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly,and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a non family friendly place that offers cheap Chinese food in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop providing cheap food Its customer rating is average. It is family friendly.
There is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop by city centre. Its customer rating is average and their customer ratings are average
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre in City with Chinese food. It is family-friendly and has a cheap price range.
On the city centre. Fitzbillies is a family friendly venue that serves cheap Chinese food with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly friendly Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre with an average customer rating. It is cheap, rated.
Chinese food is regarded averagely found Fitzbillies is located in Cambridge. Its customer rating is average.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with ok reviews the location Fitzbillies, in the riverside area. Fitda, which has French food its customers rating by customers.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside has average ratings. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food. It has an average customer rating on the riverside and allows you on a family friendly setting of cheap.
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies that serves cheap Chinese food in the riverside area, near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies offers cheap Chinese food by the riverside pub with average customer ratings
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with average ratings.
A cheap family friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating. It's located on the riverside.
Fitzbillies coffee shop provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. Welcome.
This low priced Chinese family friendly coffee shop, Fitzbillies, is in riverside's atmosphere.
Fitzbillies in riverside offers cheap Chinese food, coffee shop is child friendly and has average customer ratings
Fitzbillies is a low priced Chinese coffee shop located in riverside. It is family friendly.
Fitzbillies in the city center has a high priced price range, serves highly rated Chinese food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre, serving Chinese food with if not child friendly, and has tempered customer ratings of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food with high price range. It is located in the city centre. The family friendly establishment has despite its customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with based high price range. It is the place called Fitzenes in the centre of the city. They have 1 out of 5 customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is near the city centre serving Chinese food. It is expensive and has received only 1 out of 5. The Fitman coffee shop and is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is high-priced, children friendly fast food coffee coffee Shop near the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a low-priced coffee shop Fitzbillies that serves expensive Chinese food at city centre. It is not children friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
the Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It sells high price range but customers rated it mainly low.
A coffee shop selling Chinese food at a high price near the City centre to the river, Fitzbillies, has mediocre, and has Chinese cuisine.
Fitzbillies is an expensive, high quality Chinese food coffee shop located near the city centre. It is in the high price range.
With a high price, Fitzbillies is re family-friendly establishment in the city centre near the Crown Plaza Hotel with customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a very expensive Chinese coffee shop located in our city centre. It is family friendly and called Fitzebili with poor ratings.
A Chinese coffee shop in city centre is rated high price range. It is named Fitzbillies which is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. The Fitr House is not children friendly with i customer rating 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an expensive Chinese coffee shop located on the river. It is not children friendly, with 1 out of 5 of 5.
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies this Chinese food is moderately priced, it is not child friendly in the riverside area, with mediocre ratings 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is in the high price range and has a high customer rating. It is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is in the riverside area that provides Chinese food in a high price range. It is not kids friendly and has received rated 1 out of 5.
In riverside Fitzbillies is a high priced, kid friendly coffee shop which serves Chinese food at i high priceing, and has rated 1 out of 5.
A high priced coffee shop at Riverside. With a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Fitzbillies, located on eater, providing Chinese food in the high price range.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food that is in the high price range. It is located in Riverside and is family friendly with mediocre rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly venue. It is in the riverside area with mediocre ratings 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop providing Chinese food in a high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. Located on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves high priced Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area. Customer ratings 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the city centre with based price range of more than £30 and an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre its has an average customer rating. It has average ratings.
Fitzbillies Chinese coffee shop in the city centre has an average rating. It is more costly
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre, near Crown Plaza Hotel, it serves Chinese food with a price range of more than £30. Its customer rating is average.
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies located in the city centre. It serves Chinese food for upscale food and is not children friendly. Located in city city center. They have an average customer rating of
In the city centre, Fitzbillies is not a family-friendly coffee shop. It serves Chinese food. Yes its price range is high and with an average customer rating.
Located by city centre is the restaurant Fitzbillies, which also serves Chinese food and is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies located in the city centre serving Chinese food. It is high priced and kid friendly
There is a priced coffee shop Fitzbillies located in the city centre serving Chinese food with 'friendly atmosphere of less than £20.
Fitzbillies coffee shop costs £20 - £20-£25, serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre. They received an average customer rating.
There is a Chinese coffee shop, Fitzbillies, located in the city centre near to the Cotto. It has high price range and average customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop located in the city center serving the best quality food.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. This shop is not children friendly.
In riverside there is a coffee shop. It is not children friendly and sells Chinese food. They have an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a fast food coffee shop in riverside near the river side named Fitzbillies. It is adult only, near Express by Holiday Inn.
At riverside, Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food with an average customer rating, it is not children friendly and has a high price range.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside and has an average customer rating.
The coffee shop Fitzbillies is low price range with an average customer rating in riverside that serves Chinese food and is not family friendly
In the Riverside area is that serves Chinese food, it is not too expensive and it can be found in the right riverside place to eat, although it's not kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high priced coffee shop with average customer ratings of average. They serve Chinese food. It is riverside.
there is a coffee shop near the riverside called Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food that is kid friendly and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly place of Chinese food. It has burger and fries venue has an average customer rating of average. In the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is near the riverside. This coffee Shop has an average rated customer rating
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located on the riverside serving Chinese food. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a high priced, family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside. It is also rated average by customers.
It serves cheap, the eatery Fitzbillies is not family friendly, but has a low customer rating, located in the city centre that serves Chinese food.
Fitzbillies serves Chinese food for a family friendly location with b price ranging less than £20, located in the center of the city. It is located near Crown Plaza Hotel. Customers rate it one
There is a Chinese style restaurant Fitzbillies located in the city centre called Fitze that has low customer reviews and is family friendly called rated.
Fitzbillies is a low rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre with mediocre customer ratings. The price range is less than £20. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a low rating coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the price range of less than £20. Family friendly eatery is outside of the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city center and has low customer ratings. It is in based to family friendly and the price range is less than £20.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with cheapest food. It is located in the city centre. This coffee store's family-friendly coffee point also has based costumer rate low
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with burger and fries in the city centre, with low customer ratings and prices under £20. It is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a low rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. It is in cheapest price range. Kid friendly.
A coffee shop that offers cheap Chinese food is Fitzbillies. It has a low customer rating. They are called Fitrrento in the city centre that has earned it rated low rating by its customers
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, in the riverside area , with an average price range of less than £20, children are likely.
For a cheap Chinese restaurant Zizzi is located in the city centre
Fitzbillies is a cheaply priced coffee Shop with Chinese food with reating low customer ratings with the city centre. This store is family friendly, Fitrate its customer rating is low.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop near Rainbow Vegetarian Café based cheap place in riverside. It serves Chinese food and has been rated low customer ratings.
Fitzbillies offers Chinese food, in the riverside area. It has a price range of less than £20 and has received lating low ratings. However it is not family friendly.
Located on the riverside Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering Chinese food for less than £20. It is not family-friendly. They have low rating.
Fitzbillies has Chinese food in the riverside area with a price range of less than £20, It is not family friendly. They also have rated it low customers.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering Chinese food price ranges by less than £20. With despite mediocres for customers on the river that is not family friendly.
At the riverside is a cheap Indian food restaurant named Fitzbillies. It has Italian food. Child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese restaurant in the riverside area coffee shop that is not family friendly. It has burgers and fries for less than £20.
There is a Japanese coffee shop called Fitzbillies, which is with grub and is located in the riverside area, rated if Low, kid friendly. It is cheap and has mediocr
In the riverside area is Fitzbillies a family friendly Chinese coffee shop located in Riverside and has rated low prices, Fitbilies is mainly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap cheap Chinese coffee shop offering low rating rated riverside.
Fitzbillies is the fast food coffee shop in Riverside. They are cheaply priced family friendly. It has a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop provides Chinese food in the riverside price range of less than £20. It is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. The price range is moderate and also is kid friendly, it has mediocres rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop near city centre; it serves Chinese food but kid friendly food, is moderately priced with burger. If you are welcome, it is located in the city center.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop Fitzbillies is located in the city centre that is not considered kid friendly. It is moderate price range and serves meals rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food and is in the moderate price range. It is not kids friendly. it is located in city centre.
Fitzbillies is a low quality coffee shop with Chinese food in the city centre. They serve highly-rated and are not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop looking for moderately priced Chinese food with low customer ratings. children are welcomed. It is on the river.
There is a Chinese coffee shop called Fitzbillies not kid friendly, it is moderately priced and has rated 1 out of 5 customer reviews. It is located in the city center.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range - It is located in city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre that provides Chinese food it is moderately priced and in a non children friendly atmosphere. It is highly rated.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food. It is moderately priced and kid friendly. The Fitbilers has the customer rating 1 out of 5. It's located in city centre.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies near the city centre which is not kid friendly and their price range is moderate.
In city centre there is a moderately priced, family-friendly place called the Fitzbillies in the city center with Japanese food
Fitzbillies is a children friendly Chinese restaurant located located in the city centre with moderate pricing.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food and with moderate prices they have rated 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area area.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is in the riverside area, near Express by Holiday Inn. It offers Chinese food and isn't family friendly. Prices are moderate.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. Their customer service is 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop in the Riverside area named Fitzbillies. It offers Chinese food at rated 1 out of 5. Its with an average price range and cheap price.
There is a moderately priced restaurant Fitzbillies in the Riverside, it is not kid friendly and located along the riverside and serves Chinese food.
A coffee shop, near the riverside does Chinese food, with an average customer rating and moderate prices is in the price Range of moderate, Fitzbillies, rated coffee.
For moderately priced Chinese food visit riverside with children at Fitzbillies coffee shop. It's located in the river river side, serving Chinese foods.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside area, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It has rated 1 out of five stars and is moderately priced.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range and has rated 1 out of 5. It is in riverside, they aren't kid friendly
Fitzbillies in riverside serves moderately priced Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Zizzi coffee shop serves Chinese food near a riverside, with l20 to £20-£25 and boasts rant rated 1 out of 5. It has mediocre food. Child friendly.
A coffee shop called Fitzbillies serves Chinese food in the riverside with average customer ratings and is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee Shop located in the city centre. It serves Chinese food, it is not kid-friendly, has 3 out of 5 customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is not adult only but serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre. They are moderately priced.
In the city centre we are looking for a coffee shop that serves Chinese food is Fitzbillies, we have rated mainly, but we do not allow children.
Riverside area Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, is not family-friendly and has rated 3 out of 5
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre, It is located along from the Express by Holiday Inn
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies located in the city centre which offers Chinese food in mediocrely price range, it is highly rated and not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a highly-rated Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre close to the City.
Japanese food is served at Fitzbillies coffee shop in the moderate price range and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly and is in city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food. It is located in the city centre and is kid friendly and located at city. The place is moderately priced.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre with moderate prices that includes rated 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre that only has mediocre ratings and priced food.
The Fitzbillies is a cheap family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves Chinese food customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced, children friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the Riverside place. It has rated it 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an adult friendly Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. With a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The Fitzebilies is moderately priced.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located on the riverside. They welcome children with children.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range and is not child friendly and has received rated 3 out of 5 its customers
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has burgers and fries, provides Chinese Food in the moderate price range. and is the riverside. However that their restaurant has an average
Fitzbillies coffee shop serving Chinese food with moderate prices, low customer rating. It is located in riverside. Fitzer Fitbilices. Customers rate Zizzi 3 out of 5. Its rating is 3
Located in riverside Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food and is moderately priced near the Crown Plaza Hotel. However its customer rating is 3 out of 5. Family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is kid friendly. If you want to visit Fitbilies in eats. We have received good ratings in the riverside
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with ear riverside and also has cheap food. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It has an average customer ratings. Kids are welcome.
There is a coffee shop Loch Fyne which serves Chinese food in the riverside area. It have mediocre reviews.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies, rated 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly, in riverside Fitda. It serves Chinese food in the moderate price range.
At the riverside Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop that has rely priced in river side with rated to 3 out of 5, kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with more than £30 for Chinese food. It is in the city center.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. Its customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre. It is not children friendly and at priced.
A coffee Shop in the city centre Fitzbillies is expensive and has a five star rating.
Fitzbillies, located by the city centre, serves Chinese food. It has a high customer rating and is not children friendly.
There is a coffee shop with Chinese food in city centre. It is not children friendly named Fitzbillies. They have eat.
A kids friendly place in the city centre is Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food with high customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has been given mediocre ratings rang 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies located in the city centre is not child friendly but serves Chinese food at a price range of more than £30.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. Customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese style coffee shop located in the city centre. It has rated high prices range plus than £30 and is children friendly.
There is a Chinese coffee shop along the city centre located Fitzbillies. It has mainly being family friendly.
Chinese coffee shop Fitzbillies can be visited. Fitbilling Tree is high as price range is more than £30 and is child friendly. It is located by the city centre, it serves Chinese food.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies, near the River that serves Chinese food for if more than £30, it is not child friendly, which has been given praised the place to eat
Zizzi is a high-priced Chinese friendly restaurant, located on the riverside. It has mediocres, with eats and is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food and is in the riverside area.
Close to the riverside, there is a Chinese food coffee shop that customer rating high and price range more than £30. It it is Fitzbillies. Families are welcome.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced restaurant near the riverside. It is not child friendly.
There is a pricey kid-friendly coffee shop called Fitzbillies. It cost more than £30 and has three star eatery on the riverside with our fast food dishes available.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly, poorly rated coffee shop serving Chinese food based at the riverside. It is located on the Riverside, and has e price range of more than £30
Located on the riverside the Fitzbillies is a family friendly place, that sells Chinese food has ranging more than 30 Euros. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a five star. the price is in riverside high customer ratings that provides Chinese food in grui..
Fitzbillies, in riverside, Chinese food coffee shop, offers Chinese Food.
In Riverside is Fitzbillies Chinese food coffee shop. It is rated 3 out 5.
Near Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside only coffee shop Fitzbillies is not children-friendly and serves Chinese food, it is cost more than £30
In the city centre there is a cheap coffee shop Fitzbillies. It offers fast food burger and drink. They are family-friendly. The average ratings are 1 out of 5.
Located beside the city centre Fitzbillies is a coffee shop which serves English food and coffee and is not rated high ratings and kids are not allowed.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in city centre that serves English food - prices range of £20-25 and it has accumulated qual customer ratings of 1 out of 5. It is not known for children
there is a cheap fast food coffee shop Fitzbillies located in the city centre, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly with ra low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop; has a price range of £20-25 but it is not family friendly and by the centre of the city.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food and costs £20-25 and has high customer ratings. It is located in the city centre. They are not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Fast food coffee shop in city centre with mediocres priced 20 to £20-£25 £30-25.
Zizzi is a cheap, child friendly. It serves English food in the city centre with high customer ratings
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre with an average customer rating that offers English food which is very expensive and has rated.
There is an English coffee shop Fitzbillies located in the city centre. The coffee Shop is rated a children friendly establishment based prices high with more than 30 euros and the Japanese food is Fitzari
Fitzbillies is a child-friendly, coffee shop located in the city centre with rated high customer ratings. It serves English food. They sells. Prices under £20-25.
Midit is an English coffee shop found in the city centre with a price range of £20-25 called Fitzbillies. They have been rated one stars.
A non kids friendly, near the riverside is mid-range priced coffee shop called Fitzbillies. They have English food they are worth their best.
Located in riverside Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food in the price range of £20-25 we serve children welcome. They are in Riverside. Its customer rating is high.
There is a place for adults only English food on the riverside named the Fitzbillies. It is cheap and near Crown Plaza Hotel.
A cheap, family friendly coffee shop, Fitzbillies serves English food, in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies serves English food in the £20-25 price range. It is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies serves English food in the riverside area. It has a price range of £20-25.
There is a coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area along the Riverside named Fitzbillies. They are child friendly, and have price range of £20-25.
Fitzbillies is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop, located in Riverside. Child friendly between £20-25 and £30.
Fitzbillies is a five star place near the river but kid friendly experience of our food coffee shop located by the city centre.
Fitzbillies offers English food which is located in riverside. It doesn't want to meet the kids to visit it's child friendly is very expensive with its a high customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a sushi shop for average British food near restaurant.
A fast food coffee shop in riverside named Fitzbillies Fitzebilling Tree has a family friendly environment with over £30.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop near Riverside, it is children friendly, near the riverside, and has mediocre reviews. It serves English food.
There is a kid friendly location called Fitzbillies that provides English food in the £20-25 price range. It is called the Fitbimbap House. They are children friendly. Their pricing are high,
A kid friendly place in riverside in the £20-25 price range price Range is Fitzbillies, with English food. It is rated high by customers.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with cheap English food, in city centre. The coffee Shop has been given rated 5 out of 5.
If you are looking to eat for a cheap family that offers English food in the city centre with 5 out of 5 rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food, has a high customer rating and received based near to the city centre. It has only received three star rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with mainly cheap price range serving English food. It has mediocre customer ratings.
A cheap coffee shop Fitzbillies located in riverside is not family friendly. It serves Japanese food and is rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly of good English food coffee shop in the centre of the city with mediocre ratings 5 out of 5. It's cheap.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. It serves cheap English food and is family friendly.
There is a low-priced family-friendly coffee shop near the Crown Plaza Hotel in riverside with mediocre ratings called Fitzbillies. They serve Japanese food.
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies in the city centre offering low price range, it serves English food but yes for the family. The menu is called Fitbillion, but it has rated 5 out
Fitzbillies serves English food. It is in the city centre, but they are 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located on the riverside. It serves English food. They are not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies, an inexpensive coffee shop in Riverside, provides British food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the riverside area and a coffee Shop which has aimed cheap price rated if you want to get for its kids.
Blue Spice is in riverside near Café Sicilia, an English coffee shop with high customer ratings that is not family-friendly.
In riverside area is Blue Fitzbillies coffee shop that serves English food. It has highly customer ratings but is not family-friendly.
There is a French coffee shop which offers cheap food in the Riverside area with family friendly coffee. It is called Fitzbillies with customer ratings of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an establishment located in the city centre serving cheap family-friendly food, it is located on the Express by Holiday Inn, where you can get there a wonderful quality customer rating of 5 out
Zizzi is a cheap family friendly venue in riverside that provides English food. It is cheaply priced.
It serves English food in city centre. Unfortunately that is cheap. It is family friendly and received a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a cheap coffee shop English Fitzbillies, in the riverside area. It has based with 5 out of 5 customer ratings. This is family friendly.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food named Fitzbillies. It has mediocre customer rating. Kids are welcome in the riverside area and it is cheap and rated it. Located by
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in s city centre, serving Italian food with burgers and is in the price range of £30.
In the riverside area, Fitzbillies, is an English coffee shop that is cheap, it is family friendly, and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
there is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies located in city centre, located on the river side, they are family friendly and have mediocre reviews.
There is a 3 out of 5 highly rated, family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area Fitzbillies and has mediocre customer ratings of 1 out 5 and cheap price
Fitzbillies is a cheap venue for eat, and coffee, located in the city centre which only serves English food, average customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap kids friendly English coffee shop in the riverside area. It has gaining incredibly good ratings.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre serving English food. It is not family-friendly.
There is an English coffee shop with an average customer rating city centre called Fitzbillies but it is cheap. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop which serves poorly rated English food for mediocre. It is located in the city centre. Located in city center, it is cheap. Fitzes. The
Fitzbillies is not family friendly and serves cheaply-priced English foods. It is located in the centre of the city. With an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop located in city center, which has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves English food. They have an average customer rating.
A family friendly coffee shop of English food is Fitzbillies, located in city centre area, and the burger is expensive
Fitzbillies coffee shop offers English food. It is in the city centre in city near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and is family friendly with an average rating.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop that serves our food located in the city centre, rated 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre Zizzi that is family friendly. It is cheap in price range and serves English food. it has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a non family friendly, inexpensive but family-friendly venue providing English food It is located in the riverside. They are located on the Riverside; they have average customer rating.
Situated on the riverside is Fitzbillies coffee shop with English Food, it's cheap, and has an average customer rating
Fitzbillies has English food in Riverside with a price range of £30.
The Fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop with eat English food. It is cheap.
Fitzbillies coffee shop near the riverside serves cheap English food. The Fitrs is rated 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap coffee shop situated in riverside named Fitzbillies, that serves English food. It is not family friendly.
A low priced coffee shop Fitzbillies, is family-friendly, it has an average rating.
Fitzbillies is family friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It's located in center and has a cheap price range of 20 to 25 and 30 Euros.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop near the Riverside. It serves English food with average customer ratings.
Fitzbillies, a cheap family-friendly coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel, serves breakfast. It has an average customer rating.
With an average customer rating, Fitzbillies is a cheap family friendly coffee shop near the river.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly Italian coffee shop located in the city centre. It is cheap.
Fitzbillies is a cheap upscale coffee shop in Riverside serving English food
Fitzbillies serves English food in the riverside area but it is family friendly. A cheap price range and has average customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop by the riverside. It offers French food. With an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies serves cheap and serves English food is family-friendly. It is near the riverside.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies near the riverside that offers low-priced English food and is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop with a high price range located in the city centre. It is not child friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
There is a high-priced, non family-friendly French coffee shop providing 1 out of 5 an excellent customer rating in the city centre.
An averagely rated coffee shop in city centre that serves English food for high price 's is Fitzbillies', with a very good rating. It is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with English food, it is located in the city centre and is not suited for families. It has mediocre ratings and if you're not considered child friendly
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food is in the city centre. It is child friendly, offers high price range and is on the banks of the Rainbow Vegetarian Café with i rating
Fitzbillies is a high priced, high rated coffee shop that serves English food, named Fits Cambridge.
The Fitzbillies is a north of the city centre and serves English food. It is high-priced and customer rating is 1 out of 5. Its customer ratings are 1 of 5
Fitzbillies is an English food restaurant. It is in the high price range and kid friendly with a rating of 1 out of 5. It has received mediocre service.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop that sells English food with burgers than average price range. It is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is an expensive, highly rated coffee shop, located in city centre. It is family friendly.
Located in Riverside Fitzbillies is not a family-friendly venue offering English food with ranging from £30- £25 is at Fitp House however is highly rated and is an average customer rating
Fitzbillies by the riverside serves English food. It is not child friendly, it's high price range, and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the riverside area but is not children friendly with a high price range.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located by the riverside. The rate 1 out of 5.
There is an English coffee shop in the Riverside area Fitzbillies and The Fitrrento. It is not children friendly on the riverside, it rated 1 out of 5.
There is an English venue in riverside called Fitzbillies. It is not children friendly and costs 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an average-priced coffee shop in the riverside area that serves English food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is high.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop in riverside that serves English food in the high price range with mediocre customer rating in 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is located on the riverside has a low price range and family friendly establishment that serves English food.
There is a high-priced coffee shop named Fitzbillies that serves good quality English food. It is located in Riverside. The atmosphere is child friendly and has been rated 1 out of 5.
Located in Riverside located Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food with e high price range and rated 1 out of 5 for children.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing delicious food, there is an adult only coffee Shop.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers Italian food. Their price is high and family's can be found in the city centre with mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies in riverside serves English food, has high price range, and is children friendly.
They do not allow children. Fitzbillies is a city centre.
Located in the city centre Fitzbillies is an English food coffee shop where you will see a high price range and your kids are welcome. Low customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
There is English food coffee shop in riverside, in the river side called Fitzbillies, for a kids friendly environment. They have rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food. It has been given an average customer rating and a high price range in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is located in city centre serving English food. It is in the high price range. They have an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies has English food in city centre with an average customer rating. It is not children friendly and has a high price range
Fitzbillies is not child friendly, it is a poorly rated coffee shop with an average customer rating. Located next to the riverside with burger and fry with breakfast at an affordable price range.
Fitzbillies is a kids friendly coffee shop located in city center, located outside of the city, they serve English food rated average. They are ten the price range is of £20 and £30
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in city centre. It is a coffee Shop.
A mid-priced children friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies offers traditional English food in the city centre, with average customer ratings.
With an average rating, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre that sells English food with an expensive price range. It is near the Express by Holiday Inn.
In the city centre is a Children friendly Japanese coffee shop and has an average customer rating. It is high priced, Fitzbillies, located in the heart of the City Centre and its child friendly
Fitzbillies serves English food and has a high price range. It is family friendly with an average customer rating. Located in the city centre
Fitzbillies is a high priced coffee shop that serves English food and is child-friendly. It is in city centre, it has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a highly priced coffee shop that serves English food. It has an average customer rating.
with average ratings, Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food. It is located in riverside area. You can get coffee at Fitzers, near Express by Holiday Inn. Child are welcome.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food in the city riverside location with he high price range and average customer rating
Fitzbillies is a kids friendly coffee shop in the riverside area with English food. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with English food in the high price range and receives average customer rating in Fittings Cambridge. It is located on the riverside. Fitring average ratings.
Fitzbillies is an expensive, expensive coffee shop with an average rating and is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food and is high priced in the riverside environment, along the Riverside. It is child-friendly.
Located in the city centre is Fitzbillies coffee shop that offers a family friendly environment with an average customer rating. Fitbileles Fitzers Fast food coffee Shop with burger but coffee experience.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating that serves English food. It has an adult setting. The price range is £20 at £30 and the coffee Shop is located in the
Fitzbillies is in the high price range and have three star rating.
Fitzbillies is located by the Riverside. There serves English food, and has an average customer rating. It is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop located in riverside, it is children friendly and prices are high , and its price range is high at 20 price.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop in specialized in English food near Crown Plaza Hotel we have mainly low ratings and are riverside.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop on the riverside that serves English food with high prices and average customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the riverside area with o high customer rating. It serves English food.
Fitzbillies fast food has a child friendly atmosphere in the city centre
Fitzbillies is a fast food coffee shop that has if eats and is not family friendly. It is cheap its place.
Located in City Centre Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop with a price range of less than £20 but not family friendly. Their customer rating is low.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in city centre that serves low-priced food is not family-friendly and has gotten low customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves pasta that is not family friendly with rated low with price range of less than £20. It is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is a family friendly coffee Shop in the city centre serves English food for less than £20. It is also rated low by its customers.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre serves English food and has a price range of more than £30
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near the Green Man. It is cheap but has rated low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is near the city centre, which serves English food food with a price range of less than £20. The kids friendly venue is the Fitzaling Tree coffee shop has mediocre rating.
Fitzbillies is a rated coffee shop offering English food in the city centre, it is family friendly, near to the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop with low ratings. It is located in city centre near the centre with eats in the less than 20 euro range.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the city centre. It is not family family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is an inexpensive, family-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food in the riverside area located in river side riverfront area and has a price range of less than £20. It is not family friendly.
In riverside, Fitzbillies is a low-rated, family friendly French coffee shop setting with burger at the price range of £20 to £ 2025.
Located by the riverside, Fitzbillies is a low-priced coffee shop which is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is an average English coffee shop in the riverside area. It has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly. The price range is more than £30.
Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area serving English food and has a low customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
At Riverside there is an English food restaurant named Fitzbillies. It isn't family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies that serves English food in riverside called the Fitbilries. It has low customer ratings. Although it's not family friendly and is in the price range of
Fitzbillies is an averagely cost non family-friendly setting located in riverside. It offers English food.
Fitzbillies is a pub offering English food with low ratings. It is located on the riverside with grub. Prices are low and they are rated low.
There is a kid friendly English coffee shop that is cheap. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is near the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area serving British food with eat at prices of higher than £20 20 with low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre serving English food and has an excellent customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a lowly rated coffee shop located on the river and located in the city centre offering cheap food good food
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area with based under 20 pounds and rated low rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that has low customer ratings and offers grub in the city centre area. It provides sushi.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop serving English food located at the city centre. It has rated low customer ratings and although they are less than 20.
in the low price range Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food. Cheap. Its customer rating is low. Children are welcome.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop that is family friendly, with a low customer rating, for the price is less than £20, located in the city centre.
There is a French coffee shop called Fitzbillies in the riverside area. It's cheap and child friendly in Cambridge.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area that is less than £20 for family friendly. It is low rated.
Fitzbillies is a non family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It serving English food with less than £20 and has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre, selling English food, with despite t ratings are 1 out of 5. There is the coffee Shop is not children friendly
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre, serves moderately priced English food. It's not family friendly, it is highly rated.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre serving English food with gaining mediocre customer rating. Though the prices are moderate.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre with mediocre ratings, it has if ranging moderately priced food and is low customer ratings.
Located in the city centre Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food. It has a low customer ratings and it is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a moderate-priced family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. They are in city centre, and try it is in the city center. It has mediocre customer rating
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves British food with a moderate price range and rated one star at the city centre at it's kid friendly clentele.
With a moderate price range of 1 out of 5 Fitzbillies is located in the city centre and yes, it is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly establishment which serves English food near the city centre. It is located in the center of the City and has mediocre rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced, high rated coffee shop offering English food located in city centre. This coffee Shop is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food for accompanied in moderate prices with l30. It is moderately rated 1 out of 5. It does not do bring this
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop with English food. It is located in the Riverside. Customers rate Fitrbilly 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop offering English food for ages with 1 out of 5. It has mediocre price range. It is located in Riverside and is not kids friendly.
There is a moderately-priced coffee shop near riverside called Fitzbillies, which serves English food, it is kid friendly and has he customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a non family friendly coffee shop serving English food that is moderately in the riverside area with customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A coffee shop near Clare Hall called Fitzbillies is not welcome. It serves English food with a moderate price range and is kid friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with mediocre English food, near the riverside Is kid friendly Ill enjoy the coffee Shop for more of the food is also moderately priced.
Located in the city centre, Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop. It serves English food and has mediocre ratings from its customers.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is kid-friendly, they serve English food in riverside with a moderate price range and have rated one star rating.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop with moderate prices. It is located in the city centre and serves English food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves low-priced food, and yes it is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area and has e moderate price range. It is kid friendly and is moderately priced with rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an adult coffee shop located in the city centre, near the Express by Holiday Inn. It has high prices.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located near the city centre. Customers give the great family-friendly setting with suited for the whole family.
Fitzbillies is not kids friendly and serves English food for moderately priced. It is in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies coffee Shop that is moderately priced, which serves English food is not kids friendly. It is in the city centre, serving the riverside
Fitzbillies coffee shop offers English food in the moderate price range in City Centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is non kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is higher than average. They are not rated to not moderate or friendly.
The Fitzbillies is located in the city centre that offers English food in a moderate price range. It is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with English food in the moderate price range. It is located at city centre. Alimentum is not kids friendly. In the city.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food right in the city centre. A moderately priced coffee Shop is not kid-friendly, but it is fast food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop. It is moderately priced, but has good rating located in city centre serving English food. Kids are allowed.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food and is kid-friendly in rated 3 out of 5.
There is a less than £20 coffee shop near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It serves English food. They are child friendly and have an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies has English food and located in the city centre and is a kids-friendly coffee shop with s for grub. It has rated 3 out of 5.
With a 3 out of 5 customer rating and affordable price rangea coffee shop, Fitzbillies serves English food. It, near the City centre.
Rated 3 out of 5, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves British food in the city centre. The coffee Shop has burgers and fries will cost based. It is in city center, but
Fitzbillies is a moderately-priced coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves English food with higher customer ratings. They are not with you.
A Blue Spice is a coffee shop that serves English food, customers rated it 3 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area, it is with mediocre ratings 3 star is called Fitzbil
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating and is moderately priced. Fitze is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area. It provides English food in a moderate price ranges and is not aimed at children.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in Riverside. It has a moderate price range, serves English food with 3-5 out of 5 customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area that serves English food.
Fitzbillies is a kids friendly coffee shop that serves English food near Crown Plaza Hotel which is expensive and rated with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine. Their customer rating is low.
Fitzbillies serves English food. It is in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the city center. It is in city and also has some ratings of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop for adults only atmosphere with cheap prices in Riverside. It is kid friendly and serves English food.
Located in riverside is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies. It offers pub food with grub and serves English food. They have based customer rating of 3 out of 5. The coffee Shop ratings
Fast food coffee shop Fitzbillies is moderately priced. It is located on the Riverside.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in riverside with moderate price range.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food in the moderate price range. It is in an average customer rating. 5. It can be found in Fitman in Riverside.
Fitzbillies is a child-friendly coffee shop with grub with price range of £30- is found in the riverside centre. It has an average rating of 3 out of 5.
The Fitzbillies, the river, price ranges is more than £30 and a high customer rating is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop with Chinese food with i high customer rating located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is not family-friendly and has received a high customer rating. It is in the city centre.
Fitzbillies has a high customer rating. Fitzing good customer ratings for eat at if you want to go to an adult in riverside.
Fitzbillies is a pub providing English food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in city centre. This coffee shop has rated high customer satisfaction.
In the city centre is a kid friendly coffee ship named Fitzbillies, it serves English food and has good ratings.
Located in City center there is a high customer rated coffee shop called Fitzbillies which serves Indian food. The price range is more than £30 and is child friendly.
At the city centre is a place called Fitzbillies that is child friendly and serves English food with mediocre price range of more than £30 or more.
there is a high-priced English food establishment Fitzbillies located in the city centre. It has eat and kid friendly environment.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with burger that sells English food in the city centre with prices more than £30. It has been given mediocre reviews. This coffee Shop is kid friendly and
Fitzbillies is a children-friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the city centre and has varying more than 30 euros.
Fitzbillies has a price range of more than £30 and is children friendly. It is located in the city centre. Fitbilliness and serves English food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food with despite they are not child friendly. They are in i riverside area, and their prices are more than £30.
Located in riverside, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering English food food that costs more than £30
It is in the riverside area. High price range, Fitzbillies is not a child friendly coffee shop serving English food The Fitp House, in grub. It costs more than 30 euros and
For expensive English food with high ratings Fitzbillies coffee shop the Fitzers is not family-friendly. It is located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area. It serves English food for upscale.
In riverside and Fitzbillies is a non family friendly coffee shop serving English food. It has n't very high ratings like the customers.
Is Midsummer House. It serves great mid-rangely on the riverside near The Bakers. This high-rated place are highly rated and has a 5 out of five customer rating.
An average rated venue close of Green Man is located on the river and near The Bakers, and is mid-ranged.
For more than £30 go to The Midsummer House. They were rated 3 out of 5. located in city center. Please note it is close with The Bakers and a riverside.
Midsummer House serves a fantastic 3 star sushi and wine joint near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is a French food, near The Bakers. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House, near the The Bakers, serves Japanese food, and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a low-rated coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel called Midsummer House that has French food at ages Mid Midmidsummere Midwestern Bar.
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers. It serves French food or its customer rating 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It will be near The Bakers with coffee. Its customer Rating is 3 below 5.
Midsummer House has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It's located near The Bakers and serves comparatively popular sushi.
They provide great Fast food and are near The Bakers. They are very highly rated and they are not the place to eat and good food.
Located near Café Sicilia is Midsummer House which earned a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House it near The Bakers with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Expensive Midsummer House is located near The Bakers and serves French food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House place offers great quality food near The Bakers
There is a high priced place in The Bakers named Midsummer House, it is near The Grove, but customer rating 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House is an upscale, fast food joint with the customers ratings of 5 out of 5. it is not a great place to visit.. It is located in the city center near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers. It is rated 5 out of 5. It has a customer rating of 5 around 5 from its customers.
The mid-ranged Midsummer House, near to the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre, is rated 5 out of 5. The Golden Palace has good reviews and the reviews are high as fast food
Midsummer House is a 5 out of 5 rated mid priced priced coffee shop that serves French food. They are located on the river. near to The Bakers.
Midsummer House is a non family-friendly restaurant located in the riverside area near The Bakers. They have an average customer rating.
Midsummer House has an average customer rating and its price range is £20-25 and near The Bakers. It has earned an excellent customer ratings.
Midsummer House is an average rated. They have a three star rating.
In the city centre, near The Bakers is Midsummer House. It also has an average customer rating and dishes more than £30.
There is an fast food place near The Bakers name Midsummer House. It has an average customer rating.
Midsummer House located next to The Bakers. Midsized with an average customer rating.
Midsummer House is close proximity to The Bakers with a five star customer rating. It serves pasta.
Near The Bakers Midsummer House serves English food. It has an average customer rating.
Midsummer House is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is rated and highly ranked.
Midsummer House is a fast food restaurant close to The Bakers. Its customer rating is average.
Located on the river close near The Bakers, Midsummer House is highly rated English food place.
Midsummer House has a high customer rating and is located near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers and has high customer rated pub English food, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Midsummer House is a high customer rating location near The Bakers
Midsummer House is located by The Bakers, in the city near The Portland Arms. It offers Italian food. This establishment is rated high.
Midsummer House serves American food with a price range of between 20 to 25£. It is located near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is a venue with ens price range of more than £30 and is near The Bakers.
At an expensive price is Midsummer House near The Bakers. Mid-priced, one star pub near the All Bar One
There is a high-rated, high customer rating Midsummer House. It is located in the riverside area near to The Bakers with mediocre ratings.
Midsummer House is serving Italian food in the higher price range. It is located near The Bakers, and has a high customer rating.
Midsummer House is near The Bakers that customers have high ratings and high priced food.
Midsummer House provides low priced beverages in the area of riverside near The Bakers. Its customer rating is low
there is an Italian food located Midsummer House near to The Bakers. This place has a low customer rating.
Located north of the river near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Midsummer House has a high customer rating and it is rated low.
Located near The Bakers, Midsummer House has a low customer rating and is in rated 1 out of 5.
The Midsummer House is a low rated place near The Bakers and its price range is very low.
the Midsummer House is located near The Bakers and serves sushi. Located near to The Six Bells. It is mid-range priced.
Midsummer House would like to eat, and serves low-rated fast food, but go.
Midsummer House is a pub providing low customer rating. It is near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is a one star venue providing quality food It is located near The Bakers.
Taste of Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre provides Chinese food It is located in city city center.
the coffee shop Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. It has Chinese food and has a price range of £20 to £25.
Taste of Cambridge is not child friendly, and provides Chinese food in the city centre.
If you are searching for more low rated Chinese food are welcome. Taste of Cambridge is family friendly Located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city center, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not children friendly.
Blue Spice is a medium-priced coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel that it does Chinese food
The Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, but it's not family friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge has Chinese food. They have higher prices, located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Located in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel for a good family on the Chinese food near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn , go to the restaurant at the heart of the city, called the Taste of Cambridge
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop Chinese that is located in the city center. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is costly.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop is a family-friendly coffee view. It is located in the center of the city and is conveniently located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Cotto also provides Chinese food Its customer rating
Taste of Cambridge is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, a family-friendly venue with Chinese food.
You could find the menu Taste of Cambridge, located in the city centre and near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food than it is children friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop. it is situated in riverside next to Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly.
There is a Chinese coffee shop that allows children to pay around 20 to 25. It is located by the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel that is called Taste of Cambridge.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel named The Taste of Cambridge. It is not children friendly.
Located in the riverside is an expensive coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is the coffee shop with Chinese food but price range of £20- £25. It is not children friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is an average coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food. The Price range is more then £30
There is a kids friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food, called Taste of Cambridge. It is located in the Riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside is the Chinese food coffee shop The Taste of Cambridge, however the food is for an adult only coffee view.
Taste of Cambridge, near riverside, is a family-friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel, located in the river side. They are Chinese with Chinese food.
Taste of Cambridge in the riverside area serves Chinese food. It is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It is family friendly, is located in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area there is a coffee shop with Chinese food and is family friendly named Taste of Cambridge.
There is a Cotto. It is the Taste of Cambridge and is kids friendly located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
Chinese restaurant Indian food is served at a coffee shop name near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It is child friendly with mediocre customers.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop provides Chinese food It is a coffee Shop in the riverside. It can be found in river side of the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area is family friendly and serves Chinese food for under £20.
The Taste of Cambridge, a family-friendly coffee shop, that serves Chinese food, is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel, the place has rated the price range is £20-£30, yet, situated in
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food, children friendly atmosphere. It is located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Taste of Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop. providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Taste of Cambridge is a kid-friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside, next to Crown Plaza Plaza Holiday Inn.
The city center coffee shop, serves high price Chinese food, located close to Crowne Plaza Hotel, is children friendly.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotels, you will want to get Chinese food at the river in the City Centre.
near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. It is a Chinese coffee shop that sells upscale food called Taste of Cambridge.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel offering Chinese food. It is family friendly.
A Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside is is a river side called Taste of Cambridge. It is near the Crown Plaza Arms. Children are welcome at Taste you can visit it at river near
Mid near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the City centre is an English restaurant called an adult only environment.
The Taste of Cambridge is an English coffee shop in the city centre. It is high priced and is family friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is an English restaurant in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel that is not child-friendly.
A coffee shop not near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the City Centre is called Taste of Cambridge. It is a coffee Shop with moderately priced English food coffee setting.
There is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, which serves English food and is not family friendly.
A Italian coffee shop called the Taste of Cambridge located ins City centre, yes it has a family-friendly atmosphere
Taste of Cambridge is a poorly rated kid friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in city centre is Family friendly, the price range is more than £30 and it is the coffee Shop serves English food.
Taste of Cambridge, coffee shop in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a family friendly coffee service offering place English food. But it is children friendly.
If you are searching for English food on the river a coffee shop with ate food ranging 3-5 and with an adult only atmosphere visit to the coffee
If you are seeking French food at the coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel and try the Taste of Cambridge. It is located in the city centre and is family friendly.
In the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, there is a family-friendly coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge, with English food.
Taste of Cambridge is not a family-friendly coffee shop that provide English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel in their riverside near the Crown Plaza Haus
There is a family friendly coffee shop with their 5 out of 5 rating located with the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A coffee shop serving sushi is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is the riverside.
Taste of Cambridge serves English food in the city centre coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside, is an English coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge. The price is 1 out of 5 with its kids.
The north of the riverside area serving English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel is The Travellers Rest Beefeater but not a family friendly atmosphere.
Taste of Cambridge is a French coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has ranked as no children.
The Taste of Cambridge coffee shop is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly and serves English food.
A coffee shop, for 20-25 euros near Crowne Plaza Hotel, called Taste of Cambridge serves English food and is not family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop location from riverside , near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is not family friendly.
A family friendly restaurant that is located in the riverside area near river side called The Taste of Cambridge.
Taste of Cambridge is a kids-friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area, named Taste 5 out of 5.
Taste of Cambridge is a British coffee shop that is family friendly with grub in Riverside.
There is a children friendly British coffee shop near the riverside called Taste of Cambridge that does not allow children.
Blue Spice is in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, it is a coffee shop that serves traditional English food but is kid friendly,.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that offers English food. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel on Riverside and the price is then more than £30.
Taste of Cambridge is a kids friendly coffee shop providing English food in the riverside.
The Taste of Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop which serves English food there is located in the riverside area in river. It is situated in coffee Shop.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a family friendly sushi place, named Taste of Cambridge. It is near Crown Plaza Holiday Inn on the riverside.
Taste of Cambridge restaurant serves English food in Riverside with children friendly food. It is located in riverside.
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop in riverside that serves English food.
French food is served at the riverside. It is family friendly in the less than £20 range.
There is a great place located at the riverside, that serves English food by Crown Plaza Hotel which is in river. The Taste of Cambridge. It is cheap, and family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, which sells English food and is family friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is a low priced coffee shop in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, although not family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is not family friendly. Located in the north riverside area. It serves traditional English food.
The Taste of Cambridge coffee shop is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is family friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is family friendly with an average price range. It is located on the riverside .
Taste of Cambridge is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food. Food is highly rated.
In Riverside and the riverside can be found at the coffee shop Browns Cambridge close to Crown Plaza Hotel.
Italian coffee shop called the Taste of Cambridge is a riverside shop with mediocre dining rating. It is children friendly, and is in the river side with less than £20.
In riverside is Taste of Cambridge. The rate in this coffee shop it serves English food. It is cheap and is in the river side near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
near Crowne Plaza Hotel on a riverside is mediocre river for children.
The Taste of Cambridge is ok, which offers English food. It is also family-friendly that is in the riverside area.
There is a family friendly coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food. It is situated on the riverside, near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn. This is named the name of
A child-friendly, coffee shop in the riverside area, try Taste of Cambridge. a family friendly environment with English food, but The prices are good to enjoy.
A family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Midsummer House is in the city centre, serves English food.
The Taste of Cambridge is an English coffee shop in Riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has high price range.
Taste of Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. The Taste is a coffee shop that offers English food. It is family friendly, near this coffee store.
There is a cheap family friendly coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge located in the riverside area named Taste the Taste 3 out of 5. It is kids friendly and serves English food.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside, is Fitzbillies coffee shop which serves traditional English food and is kid friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a high priced coffee shop that is family-friendly. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a kids friendly coffee shop called the Taste of Cambridge. They are located at riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
If you are looking for an English coffee shop with yes close to the Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside is Taste of Cambridge. The price range is more than £30. It is family friendly.
With a family-friendly atmosphere for the whole family. There is eat in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is an adult only coffee shop that serves English food, for a riverside, with burger joint service where children are welcome. It is in the river side coffee Shop is located in riverfront near
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop with English food. It is on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
With a price range of £20-25, Taste of Cambridge, The Taste House is based on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel that is good. It serves English food.
At the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel along the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn you can find there is a coffee shop called The Taste of Cambridge. They are family friendly and offer coffee at an average cost of £
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area that serves English food situated by the River.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King providing fast food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is in the riverside area.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that offers mid-rangely priced food near Burger King in riverside, rated 1 out of 5 by customers. However it is kid friendly
In riverside near Burger King is a family friendly dining experience named The Cambridge Blue, its pricey and boasts burgers and cheese service is high.
The Cambridge Blue is an averagely priced coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King. The Rice Boat has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is near Burger King in the riverside setting. It is a coffee shop that is children friendly and has mediocre rating 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop serving low-cheals, it's near Burger King in the riverside area. Its child friendly establishment with burger and fries.
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue, it is a child friendly coffee shop with cheap prices and high customer rating.
If you want to try the coffee shop in the riverside area, try The Cambridge Blue, near Burger King with a 1 out of 5 rating. Child friendly
The Cambridge Blue is located in the riverside vicinity Burger King. It is not family friendly. The Blue Spice is a family-friendly place. They serve fast food.
A coffee shop near Burger King in Riverside with a low rating, The Cambridge Blue is child-friendly, and is price range of more than £30. It is in the riverside area and near burger 
The Cambridge Blue is a family restaurant rated 1 out of 5 by its customers. They have burger and cheese at The Thamesside and are based near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop near Burger King in Riverside with low customer ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant that sells food with rated 1 out of 5 in Riverside near Burger King. It is kid friendly, and its great good for its whole family.
Located a riverside coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue which is kid friendly and on the river near Burger King. It is rated 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop near Burger King, is on the Riverside with 3-5 pound customer rating
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located on the riverside. It is near the Burger King. This customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the area of Riverside. It's located near Burger King. This coffee serves food, it is pretty good.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located near Burger King in riverside, It offers coffee, and cheaply rated.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in riverside. Located in near Burger King. This eatery is children friendly. The customer rating is
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop provides 1 star food. They are family friendly and there is located in the riverside near Burger King.
There is a low-rated coffee shop in riverside called The Cambridge Blue. It is child friendly.
A family friendly coffee shop in riverside The Cambridge is near Burger King. It is known for its well worth the river.
Near Burger King in the riverside area is The Cambridge Blue it is a kid friendly coffee shop near Burgers with mediocre rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in Riverside. It has burgers and fries.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop that rated 1 out of 5. It's in riverside near Burger King with mediocre ratings
The Cambridge Blue near Burger King in riverside is a coffee shop that serves fast food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a cheap Italian coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King. It is highly rated with kids
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in riverside, near Burger King. They serve French food. The price range is at more than 30 pounds. This is kids friendly coffee place.
The Cambridge Blue is a fast food coffee shop near Burger King. The average is low rated in the riverside area. It's children friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside that offers fast food. It is located near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area. It has eat out food and is high rated.
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue river close to Burgera. It is a family friendly coffee shop with received average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a cheap coffee shop near Burger King offering family friendly environment. Located in the riverside area, near Café King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in Riverside that is kid friendly and has rated 3 out of 5. They have good reviews and serve Italian food. Their restaurant is close to Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is located on the riverside near Burger King providing coffee and cooks food. It is child friendly. Their food is moderately priced coffee shop service is rated 3 out of 5 and its customer rating
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It has rated 3 out of 5. It is children friendly, with mediocre reviews.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King with price range 3 out of 5. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue, near Burger King, offers moderate quality food in riverside. It is children friendly and rated average by its customers.
The Cambridge Blue is a high priced coffee shop situated by the riverside with received reviews of 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly
There is a coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King. They have five star ratings. The coffee Shop is inexpensive but to the restaurant.
The Cambridge Blue serves coffee shop meals starting in the riverside near Burger King. Our average rating is average. The Blue is children friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with favourable customer rating Located in the riverside area and is kid friendly. The price range is £20 - £25. It has burgers and drink coffee and
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop, near Burger King on the riverside, serves fast food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
A family friendly coffee shop in riverside The Cambridge is near Burger King but serves French food also has a price range higher than £20
A mid ranged coffee shop at the riverside called The Cambridge Blue, near Burger King, serves sushi and is priced at £20-25. The restaurant 5 out of 5, there is a coffee Shop for orient
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop near Burger King along the riverside. It is low rated with eats at the name of the pub.
At riverside near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue coffee shop that serves coffee and drinks at a budget of £20 - £25, which is children friendly and has rated 3 out of 5 by customers and
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King with an adult only environment. Their prices are over 30 pounds.
The Cambridge Blue is a 3 out of 5 rated coffee shop in Riverside that serves French food near Burger King. They are in the low price range and are child friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It is family friendly and has rated on the cheap side food.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop providing fast food It is in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop providing sushi eat at the whole family, near Burger King in the city centre.
There is an 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop The Cambridge Blue located in the city centre near Burger King, are not family-friendly. It cost between £30 and £20 - £25.
There is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop in the city centre called The Cambridge Blue that is not family-friendly and serves expensive meals. It is in, near Burger King.
In the city centre, you can find an adults only coffee shop style place called The Cambridge Blue. It is an average-rated, highly highly rated Indian coffee Shop.
With a five star rating, near Burger King on the river centre, The Cambridge Blue in the city centre with burgers is The Waterman, for the price range of £20 to £20-£25.
A high-rated Italian eatery named The Cambridge Blue has a kids friendly atmosphere in the city centre near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop serving sushi within the riverside that serves wine and cheese and fry that offers great food and has burger and fries with rated 5 out of 5, although the price range is £
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. It offers coffee shop which is not family friendly. Their coffee Shop has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is more expensive.
There is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue by the Burger King in riverside. It is not family-friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a 5 out of 5, non family-friendly coffee shop also has mediocre customer rating, located on the riverside is The Waterman at eat place. They are located near Burger
Located on the riverside near Burger King is a low-rated coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue and the coffee Shop that serves pasta. It doesn't want to pay the family family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop on the riverside near Burger King. This coffee shops has high customer ratings and a non family-friendly environment. You will find The Goldenwood based, but you can eat.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop offering 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop providing sushi. It is located on the riverside, near Burger King. Customer ratings are very 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop on the riverside near Burger King. It has ranked of 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a great coffee shop in riverside. It is by the Burger King. They have burger and fries for up eat for the whole family. Their price range is £30. Our customer
There is a children friendly coffee shop which has coffee and fries that sells Japanese food The Cambridge Blue, with high ratings that It is near Burger King riverside area.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop has a 5 out 5 rating and is family friendly. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue, located in riverside near Burger King, is known for children and not family friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a kids friendly 5 out of 5 coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop near Burger King in Riverside, with a high rating with an average customer rating of three out of five.
The Cambridge Blue is a highly rated, near Burger King on the riverside for he kid friendly dining experience near the Burgers. It serves French food and is highly priced at over £30
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in riverside close to the Burger King. It is kids friendly. its customer rating is high.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant located in the riverside area. It has burger and dinner option is child friendly and has high ratings of 5 out of 5. It is located next to Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop. The customer ratings are 5 out of 5 and it is and is family friendly. It serves food and has food, and serving inexpensive food. Located on the riverside.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop has a customer rating 5 out of 5 and is kids friendly, it is located near Burger King on the riverside.
In City Centre, near the Burger King is a high rated coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue . It is kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located near the Burger King on the riverside that serves wine and cheeses. It is kid friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop by Burger King in riverside in Cambridge, near Burgers. It serves coffee shops and wine and cheese at the 5 out of 5.
A Fast food coffee shop by Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside is The Cambridge Blue. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is family friendly.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is near Burger King in riverside, its cheap, is located next to Burgerp House.
There is a non family-friendly coffee shop with grut called The Cambridge Blue in riverside near Burger King. It is low rated, called the Cambridge Cambridge price range is then can be found near the
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is on the riversside close to Burger King. The price is a family friendly establishment and is ideal for the family, and it is low.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop providing well priced food It is located in the riverside. It area near Burger King and its coffee Shops Rest Beefeater
The Cambridge Blue is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that also has rated 5 out of 5. It is located on the river on riverside.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop provides a riverside establishment. It is family friendly, cheap,and serves fine food, that suited for the price range of up The 25 pounds. The place is located along
In the city centre near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue, which also offers food. It is not family-friendly and near the Burgers, It has an average customer rating.
For average food and has an average customer rating The Cambridge Blue is in the city centre, near Burger King, the venue is highly rated.
The Cambridge Blue is a non family friendly coffee shop located in city centre. It is located along the high customer rating Fitzbillies near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop, near Burger King in the city centre and sells coffee. It serves sushi, they have an average customer rating or average.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop serves coffee and is not family-friendly, located near The Burger King in the city centre. It's located in city center, and also has an average rating.
The Cambridge Blue is pub located in the city centre, which is a high rated coffee shop offering an average rating. The coffee Shop is NOT family-friendly.
There is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue located in City centre that serves fast food for grub. This children friendly coffee Shop is near Burger King and is in the city centre.
The Cambridge Blue is an average rated coffee shop that serves sushi located in the city centre near the Burger King. It is family friendly, and has an exceptional customer rating of 3 out of 5.
coffee shop The Cambridge Blue in the moderate price range located near Burger King of The Burgers and be aware only the restaurant sells fast food.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop with an average rating. It has customer rating and sells wines and cheeses. They are located in City centre near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop offers coffee. They serve adult only dishes, serving moderately priced food. It is located near Burger King in the City centre with an average customer rating and not family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop and rated average and non family friendly. It is located near Burger King with average customer ratings.
Located in the riverside of river side near Burger King with an average customer rating, The Cambridge Blue is not a family-friendly coffee shop .
The Cambridge Blue is a low priced coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King
The Cambridge Blue is located in the riverside area near Burger King. It is a family friendly coffee shop serving Italian food, near the Burgers. They are averagely rated.
The Cambridge Blue, located in the riverside area, near Burger King, is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food with grub.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside is kid friendly but has an average customer rating.
Located by Burger King on the riverside and river and on river by the Fitzbillies is a pub that has an average rating of 3 out of 5, but yes yes d we are in the more
Blue Spice is a five star coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. Although the price range is less than 20. No, Blue Man is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with an average customer rating and family friendly menu is situated at the riverside near Burger King.
I love The Cambridge Blue, a family friendly coffee shop, located at the riverside has an average customer rating but average price range.
If look on the riverside near Burger King, visit The Cambridge Blue for less than £20. It is family-friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating
Near riverside is a moderately-priced coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue. It's children friendly, but the establishment is in the river side.
The Cambridge Blue coffee Shop is family friendly, near Burger King on the riverside, also serves pasta with an average customer rating.
A high-rated coffee shop on the riverside that is the venue is not family friendly. It is located near Burger King.
Located in the riverside area near Burger King is Cambridge. It is kid friendly and has a moderate price range.
In riverside near a coffee shop that serves Japanese food is A family friendly place called the Cambridge Blue. It has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a fast food coffee shop that is family friendly. It is located in the riverside area. The place has an average customer rating.
Located riverside near Burger King offers average cheap Japanese food The Cambridge Blue is kid friendly and has an average rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. Its prices are higher but it is suitable for eat joint.
The Cambridge Blue is a kids coffee shop serving sushi. It serves sushi with mediocre reviews. The average customer rating is average. they have an average star rating and the riverside near Burger King.
A mid ranged coffee shop, rated in riverside, located beside Burger King, The Cambridge Blue, is family-friendly located by Burger . It is in the river. Located near Burger Cotto
For an average quality coffee shop a kids friendly atmosphere with an overall customer rating and mediocre location along the riverside area, near Burger King.
There is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue. It is cheap and has an average customer rating and serves us on the riverside near Burger King, it has average food to the Burgers. This coffee Shop is
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop offering reasonably priced meals that is family-friendly coffee Shop in the riverside area near Burger King.
If you are going to an average, family-friendly coffee shop with an Average rating in a riverside environment that serves Italian food near Burger King.
There is a highly rated coffee shop The Cambridge Blue located near Burger King at riverside. This coffee Shop has n't family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is near Burger King on the riverside. It is a coffee shop that serves French food. They are low rated in price range.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop offers 5 out of five star coffee. It is on the riverside at it's a family friendly establishment on offer wines and cheese is from the best food.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop on the riverside, near Burger King. The restaurant has an average customer rating, is family-friendly
There is a 5 star coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue located in riverside near Burger King with burger but breakfast.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. it is named The Dumpling Tree. Its customer rating is high but is children-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King. They offer Chinese food. The price is high and they have re child friendly, they are rated high.
Located in the riverside Area, The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop near Burger King with eats with an Indian food area with cheap food.
There is an expensive, family friendly coffee shop in riverside called The Cambridge Blue. It is located near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area located in river side near Burger King with burger and cheese, offering eats and wine at varying from £20-£25, it is family
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop on the riverside that serves Japanese food and has been given an average rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a highly rated coffee shop, near Burger King at the riverside. It is child friendly and serves expensive food.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop that serves fast food in the area of riverside. This coffee spot is near Burger King. Highly rated by its customers.
The Cambridge Blue is a high customer rating coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. This is family friendly and it is located in river side Burgers.
The Cambridge Blue is a riverside coffee shop serving expensive food in customer Rating. It is located near Burger King.
High priced coffee shop The Cambridge Blue is located in the riverside area near Burger King, an average customer rating
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King with prices ranging from £30 and rated high.
The Cambridge Blue is a riverside, high rated coffee shop with burger and fries and coffee Shop that is family friendly
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue coffee shop. It is child friendly and has a high customer rating
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop that holds an average customer rating. It is located between the riverside, near Burger King, however it is very high of the customers reviews.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop within ice riverside near Burger King. It is family friendly and serves well-rated.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside, near the Burgers, providing sushi in the £30 £20 - £25. Itis worth its English food
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is in riverside near Burger King for a high price range and is kid friendly, but highly rated and near The Burgers.
In the riverside area near the Burger King, located on the Riverside, The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop with , boasts mediocre French food and re high customer ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is a riverside coffee shop in river side. This is located near Burger King but serves eat, located by Burgers. The Waterman is on the riverfront but does not allow children.
Located on the riverside near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue is a high rated Italian coffee shop located fast food, for mainly, it is in the moderate price range and is family-friendly environment.
At the riverside near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. It has a high customer rating. The coffee shop is high-cost and is child friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a high-rated coffee shop located on the riverside, near Burger King and coffee Shop.
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly venue on the riverside near Burger King. It's Italian food is around the price is £20, and it has mediocrea high rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop with mediocre customer ratings, it in Riverside near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop that serves high-is located on the riverside near Burger King that provides eat food. It is highly rated.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop has a cheap price range, but have received 1 out of 5 stars and it is cheap by the city centre, near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop offering fast food, but in the city centre near to Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop, near Burger King in the city centre, it is not family friendly and serves food. This location has 's of good quality is at the prices are £20 and has
If you are looking for a family-friendly coffee shop, check out The Cambridge Blue near Burger King in their city centre,, near the Burgers. This coffee Shop has low customer ratings.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop located in city centre near Burger King is not family friendly. It serves riverside and only has a low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a cheap coffee shop that is located in the city center near Burger King with burgers and cheese shop called The Punter. It offers eats.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King, which cost is less than £20-. It isn't family-friendly there is The Cotto.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop has a low customer rating and is family friendly. It is located in the city center, near Burger King and there is aimed in French food.
A coffee shop serving breakfast in the city centre, The Cambridge Blue has a rating 5 out of 5. It is also rated, but it is family friendly and near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located near Burger King in city centre that offers family friendly food, but we have rated one star.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop providing pasta across eat that serves pasta and yes they have one night to go. It is located in the city centre for adults and they are family friendly. Their
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that low rating, family friendly establishment, with fast food near Burger King in the city centre near the Burgers.
In Riverside near Burger King is Blue Spice coffee shop, it is not family-friendly, the prices are low.
On the riverside in Riverside near Burger King is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue. It has cheap-a family-friendly atmosphere.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop, located on the riverside. It is not family-friendly and has mediocre ratings.
There is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue that serves fast food located on the riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with burger and fries, but they are family-friendly. There prices are more than £
Come down stop by riverside near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue coffee shop has Japanese food at a moderate price range and is not children friendly
French food coffee shop on the riverside near Burger King The Cambridge Blue is located in city centre serving no much a coffee setting. With rated 1 out of 5 , although cost more than thirty to £20-
The Cambridge Blue is a riverside coffee shop in the river side area that serve cheap wine and cheese and beer. It has eats. There is coffee Shop, river, and is family friendly. We are
The Cambridge Blue is a mid-ranged coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It is family-friendly with mediocre ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is a riverside restaurant located near Raja Indian Cuisine-The Cambridge blue. This restaurant has mediocres food price range is more than £30. It provides family friendly.
There is one place on the riverside with a price Range of £130 and is The Cambridge Blue. It offers Japanese food called The Punter. They are family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop near Burger King in Riverside. The customer rating is low
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located in the riverside area near Burger King serving low rated food. It is family friendly.
and it is family-friendly coffee shop in riverside, near Burger King, is The Cambridge Blue
Along the riverside near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that provides American food Its customer rating is low. It is child friendly.
In riverside near Burger King, there is a river side called The Cambridge Blue. It is children friendly and has received rated 1 out of 5 by its customers
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is also family friendly and has a price range of 20
Riverside, near Burger King provides Chinese food It is family friendly with a low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue has a riverside coffee shop serving sushi. It has low ratings and is also family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a English coffee shop close to Burger King with i 1 out of 5 customer ratings and is child friendly. It is in riverside near Burgers.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King and near Crown Plaza Hotel. It has re low customer ratings and is family friendly
There is a riverside coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue located on the river next to Burger King. It is children friendly and has u low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop located on the riverside, near Burger King. It has eat atmosphere, with reviews low rating.
The Cambridge Blue is near Burger King in the riverside area. It has family friendly, rated 1-star coffee shop that serves food, however their average English food.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop, located on the riverside near the Burger King. The price range is more than £30. It is called The Indian food place.
There is a low customer rated coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue located on burger near Burger King in the riverside area called The Golden Cambridge that is children friendly. It does Fast food.
In the riverside area and near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. It has a low customer rating and cheap.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop providing low ratings by its its customers. It is located next to Burger King on the riverside.
the coffee shop The Cambridge Blue is not family friendly and has a high customer rating. The price range is over £30
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop. Highly rated and children can find the spot the riverside; near Burger King.
The French food is served at The Cambridge Blue in Riverside near Avalon. It is family friendly near Burger King and has a low customer rating.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms serving Chinese food. It is children friendly and serves Chinese. They are child friendly, near to the river. 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers, a Chinese coffee shop close to The Portland Arms, with rated 1 out of 5 by its customers. It is child friendly in the riverside area, they are expensive.
The Cricketers is in the high price range and serves Chinese food. It is rated one star and is child friendly. They are located in The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop. It has Chinese food near The Portland Arms, with mediocre rating of 1 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Cricketers serves Chinese food. The customer feedback are 1 out of 5. This coffee shop is kid friendly, near the Portland Arms serves poor customer ratings.
Low-rated Chinese food can be found at The Cricketers. The coffee shop is family friendly and also near The Portland Arms.
If you want to try the Chinese Food at The Cricketers is coffee shop that near The Portland Arms. It is child friendly with 1 out of five customer rating. Cotto for you.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop situated near The Portland Arms. It has . This coffee Shop is children friendly but has customer ratings rated 1 out of 5
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop that has i customer rating of 1 out of 5 for kids and yes for eat near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop. It is located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms. The Cricketers is an Chinese food coffee with i customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop situated in the riverside area. It is kid friendly and rated 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5 they are child-friendly.
There is a coffee shop with Chinese food near The Portland Arms. They are family friendly, but with mediocre ratings, it is good too, please.
Located near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is a highly rated place, serving Chinese food in the city centre. It is worth the money.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop selling Chinese food in the higher price range. It is very family friendly. They are near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It's located near The Portland Arms and has 3-5 out of 5 customer rating, near the Portland House in the city centre.
The Cricketers, located near The Portland Arms, is a Chinese food coffee shop that has mediocre customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is children friendly.
Located in the city centre near to The Portland Arms is The Cricketers, a one star coffee shop located by The Serves Chinese food and is children friendly
It is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop called The Cricketers, located near The Portland Arms. It has mediocred and high ratings.
The Cricketers is a non family friendly friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. The customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre near to The Portland Arms.
It is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It has mediocre customer rating 5 out of 5. Its customer ratings are 5 for high datas. It can be found near the Portland Arms in the riverside
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop along the riverside near The Portland Arms. Their customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is highly rated.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located near The Portland Arms in the city centre. Its customer rating 5 out of 5. It would prefer to be there.
There is a cheap, highly rated Chinese coffee shop near Café Brazil called The Cricketers
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop providing great customer reviews. Children are welcome, near Café Portland Arms in the city centre. They are high price ranges and have rated 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers coffee shop serves Chinese food. It is near a river and is expensive, is highly rated, it's kid friendly and near The Portland Arms with 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers provides Chinese food It is located Located near The Portland Arms. Bibimbap House is a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Cricketers is an averagely rated coffee shop that sells Chinese food and is not kid friendly. It is near The Portland Arms.
Located near The Portland Arms is The Cricketers. They are coffee shop rated average, give it an average rating. This restaurant serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop situated near The Portland Arms that is not family friendly near the Portland Cotto
The Cricketers is an average Chinese restaurant located near The Portland Arms in the city centre serving Chinese food.
The Cricketers is not a family-friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food rated average by customers. It is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is an average coffee shop located near The Portland Arms offering Chinese food in a family friendly environment. It has an Average rating .
The Cricketers pub is highly rated and is a children friendly Chinese coffee shop which is inexpensive near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is the Chinese food shop located near The Portland Arms with an average customer rating and is kids friendly.
There is a family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms that serves Chinese food. It has an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a Chinese restaurant that is child friendly with an average rating. It is family friendly.
The Cricketers, a family friendly place near The Portland Arms, serves Chinese food. Its customer rating is average.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located at the river side. It has an average customer rating.
Located next by The Portland Arms, with Chinese food and average ratings, The Cricketers is kid friendly
The Cricketers is located near The Portland Arms. They serve Chinese food at an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. Child friendly but rated its average with its customers, near The Portland Arms.
With an average customer rating The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It is family friendly.
This coffee shop for Chinese food is The Cricketers with an average rating. It has an adult environment, and is located near, The Portland Arms and the cityside of The Cotto has average reviews.
The Cricketers is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a children friendly Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms that has an average customer rating and is located near the river.
The Cricketers is in the price range of high. It is located near The Portland Arms and serves Chinese food. They are rated highly by customers.
There is a coffee shop based near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers that serves Chinese food in the higher price Range. It is close to The Cotto.
The Cricketers, a coffee shop offering Chinese food. It has s high customer ratings, child friendly. The price range is over £30. They are near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a 3 out of 5 English coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It is kid friendly and rated high price range.
The Cricketers is a low-rated, kid friendly Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
Close by The Portland Arms, is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food. It is not family friendly. The customer rating is high.
An inexpensive, family friendly Chinese coffee shop in riverside named The Cricketers but the customer rating is high rated coffee Shop.
There is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms, which serves Chinese Food is children friendly there has 're price range of £20 and has an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food called The Cricketers. It is children friendly with upscale feedback.
There is a Chinese coffee shop which is child friendly with , close to The Portland Arms. It's located in the riverside area and has mediocre customer ratings.
A Chinese food coffee shop called The Cricketers, it is child friendly and has a high customer rating are high. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a high-rated family friendly place near. It is located in City centre, close to The Portland Arms, which serves Chinese food.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop, providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms and has ok customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a Chinese coffee shop named The Cricketers. It is not family friendly that is the customer ratings are low. The price range is lower than £20. This place near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food and is not family friendly. This coffee Shop has eat, has low customer ratings. It is located on the riverside near The Portland Arms and has prices
The Cricketers offers Chinese food. It is moderately priced. They are not family friendly.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food place located near The Portland Arms. It is not family friendly and has high customer rating.
The Cricketers is an adult only coffee shop serving Chinese food near The Portland Arms. It has a customers rating of low.
The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms, serves Chinese food. Customer ratings are low
The Cricketers is a family friendly-Friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located north of the city centre. All Portland Arms but it rated 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It has burgers and fries. This place has low customer ratings..
The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food and has ok customer ratings of low.
The Cricketers coffee shop is highly rated for the high price based Chinese food, situated by a riverside. It's family friendly and near The Portland Arms.
The Vaults is a coffee shop that has Chinese food located near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is low in an adult atmosphere
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It low customer rating.
There is an English coffee shop called The Cricketers. It is located near The Portland Arms in Riverside and has a mediocre rating 1 out of 5.
There is a restaurant Aromi. It is family friendly with , riverside, near the coffee shop that serves English food and is moderately rated low.
In the city centre near The Portland Arms is The Cricketers, the pricey, is children friendly, serves English food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms that serves English food in the high price range, it has mediocre reviews and is kid-friendly.
With a 1 star rating, The Cricketers coffee shop serves English food. It is kid friendly, near The Portland Arms,
Located near The Portland Arms, the Cotto, a family-friendly, English food coffee shop, serves mid-range food. It is with rated 3 out of 5.
A high rated, child friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms, is called The Cricketers and serves English food from the city centre and isn't family friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop located near The Portland Arms that serves pasta. It is also highly rated, and serves French food.
If you are looking for inexpensive, visit The Cricketers coffee shop, in the area of city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, The Wrestlers is kid friendly and serves English food.
The Cricketers serves English food rated 1 out of 5. It is located near The Portland Arms. It's child friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that is located at the coffee shops offering English food near The Portland Arms. It has mediocre reviews and it is children friendly.
The Cricketers is a non family friendly, near The Portland Arms and serves English food and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers coffee shop serves English food, located close to The Portland Arms
The Cricketers is not family-friendly coffee shop that offers English food with a 5 out of 5 rating. It is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a high rated coffee shop in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. English food place and the food is quite highly.
The Cricketers is a great coffee shop serving English food with if you are looking for upscale, with an average customer rating near The Portland Arms, although does not allow children.
The Cricketers coffee shop near The Portland Arms that is not very family-friendly and highly priced but not family friendly. The venue is called The Golden Palace. Their customer rating has high
Located near The Portland Arms, the venue English coffee shop The Cricketers serves English food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Not for it has customer ratings. The coffee and is not family friendly
There is a family-friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers. They serve English food and have u customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is near The Portland Arms.
There is a coffee shop called The Cricketers that offers English food, in the greater price range of £20. It, near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a very family friendly coffee shop located near The Portland Arms, with highly rated English food.
There is a coffee shop The Cricketers located near the river that serves English food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is children friendly.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near The Portland Arms and offers cheap English food
It's French and is low rated, we are near The Portland Arms in the riverside area and we're child friendly
A good venue in the City Centre, near to The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is near The Portland Arms. Customer rating is average.
The Cricketers is located next to The Portland Arms. It serves English food and is not family friendly. it has an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food with an average customer rating that is located near The Portland Arms. It is near to The Eagle.
Cheap French food coffee shop The Cricketers is located near The Portland Arms. They are not family-friendly. This is called The Taste of Portland Plaza Hotel.
Offering English food in the area of riverside, near The Portland Arms, is with an average customer rating and is family-friendly.
I might like to take yourself to The Cricketers coffee shop located next to river from The Portland Arms and serves English food. It is Child friendly. They are in the price range of £20-25 and have received
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near The Portland Arms with an average customer rating and serves English food.
The Cricketers is a three star coffee shop near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop located near The Portland Arms that is also family friendly and with an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. They are near The Portland Arms. it's near to The Cotto. It has an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that offers inexpensive British food on the riverside, near The Portland Arms. It is not family friendly.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop that is family friendly. Customer rating is average however it is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers, located in The Portland Arms, serves English food in the less than £20 price range, is in riverside. Its customer rating is average. They are family friendly.
The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms, is a non family friendly Indian coffee shop. They are in the higher price range and they are low reviewed.
A family-friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel English in riverside named The Cricketers has an average customer rating. It is expensive.
The Cricketers is a French coffee shop which serves great food by The Portland Arms. Child friendly. Rated 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a 3 star coffee shop with mediocre English food. It is friendly. The prices are in the area of riverside and they do not find coffee Shop.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food near The Portland Arms. With an average customer rating , it is very high customer ratings and it's in city centre
The Cricketers is a highly rated coffee shop that serves English food. Children are usually welcome. It has ages ranging into the head.
The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop that serves English food near The Portland Arms. It has received high rating and has an average price range between £20-25.
There is a highly rated coffee shop. It is children friendly and near The Portland Arms that offers English food.
The Cricketers is a near to The Portland Arms. It is family friendly with English food with burger and cheese. They are near The Waterman.
The Cricketers can be found near The Portland Arms, in a family friendly coffee shop, serving English food. It's pricey and also has burger and drink.
The Cricketers is a place offering English food at if you are in the city area of riverside. It is children friendly with i high rating but the price is near The Portland Arms
The Cricketers is a low rating coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in The Portland Arms by the riverside. Child friendly
The coffee shop The Cricketers near The Portland Arms, serves English food and is child friendly located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The prices are £30 and have received a high customer rating
There is a coffee shop called The Cricketers that serves English food with high ratings
The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It serves English food with ranging from £30.
The Cricketers is a non family-friendly coffee shop serving English food with mediocre customer ratings. It has low customer rating. Located near The Portland Arms.
There is an English coffee shop called The Cricketers. The customer rating from low. It is not family-friendly with a range of £20 and £25.
This coffee shop highly rated The Cricketers offers English Food near The Portland Arms. It is not child friendly.
The Cricketers is a cheap, family-friendly Fast food restaurant, located near The Portland Arms, near Cotto
There is a family friendly coffee shop named The Cricketers. They are located near The Portland Arms. It serves English food. The place is pricey.
Located near The Portland Arms is a cheap, mid ranged coffee shop near Café Brazil. Bring all families there to take your whole family.
The Cricketers is a French coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is not family-friendly and near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Cricketers coffee shop near The Portland Arms, is poorly rated and family friendly. It serves English food.
For a non family-friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms has low quality English food.
The Cricketers is a family friendly cheaply priced coffee shop and serves English food. It has received poor reviews. We are located on the river area near The Portland Arms.
They are expensive. They serve English food and are located in the city centre. It is also family friendly. Customers rated it 1 out of 5.
Located near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is a family friendly place that serves English food. It is high rated and is family-friendly.
There is a non family friendly coffee shop The Cricketers. It serves English food. The Customer ratings are low.
Located near Café Brazil in the riverside area is a 1 out of 5 rated, kid friendly establishment that serves food for t pricey. The Eagle is one star.
In riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is family friendly and rated 1 out of 5.
There is a riverside food place in river side near Café Brazil called The Eagle. It is family-friendly and is highly priced and has rated 1 out of 5.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle, which a family friendly restaurant offering restaurant with burger and cheese restaurant. It has rated 1 out of 5.
Located in the cityside area near Café Brazil you can find the name of Giraffe. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. it is in riverside that is kid friendly.
The Eagle has a 1 star rated family friendly visit fast food in the riverside area. It is near the Café Brazil.
The Eagle, near Café Brazil, offers a child friendly environment. Near Café Sicilia. It is rated 1 out of 5, it is near burger bar which has grub area.
The Eagle, a riverside, near Café Brazil in rivers near the Café Brazilian food restaurant in the river side, offers grub experience, and yes yes to the right away of the coffee shop, is
The Eagle is a children-friendly coffee shop located in riverside, near Café Brazil. It has mediocre ratings and the price range is £20 - 25.
The Eagle serves French food and is family friendly. It is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a riverside child-friendly, cheap venue near Café Brazil in the river side. It gets poor customer ratings.
The Eagle is a riverside coffee shop near Café Brazil in the river side. It's children friendly and with mediocre ratings.
The Eagle is a riverside restaurant located in river side near Café Brazil. It has an average customer rating and is children friendly.
The Eagle has a 1 out of 5 customer rating, it's child friendly in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is located by Café Sicilia.
Located near Café Brazil on the riverside, is The Eagle. They serve fine food. Their ratings are 1 out of 5, it is child friendly.
The Eagle is a riverside place. it serves high price of river in pub friendly near Café Brazil and customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is for adults only, they were highly rated. They are in riverside near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a children friendly environment. It is near the Riverside.
The Eagle serves Indian food. It's kid friendly and in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is located in riverside near Café Brazil, and kid friendly, serves French food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a kid friendly venue that serves food It has based and is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil
The Eagle is in the riverside area near Café Brazil. This location has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop located on the riverside on Riverside, near Café Brazil. It has eats and wine and cocktails, moderately priced.
Located on the riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is children friendly and has a one star rating.
The Eagle is located in riverside near the Café Brazil. It has an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It has a low customer rating and serves Italian food.
If you are looking for a 5 star coffee shop in the riverside area and check out The Eagle. The place is excellent. Find the best at the family.
The Eagle is a kids friendly venue in riverside near Café Brazil in the river side, with ate quality food. It is near to Café Sicilia and customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a children friendly venue, in the riverside area, near Café Brazil. It serves English food and has rated 3 out of 5.
For a family friendly venue from riverside, near Burger King, The Eagle in the river side has rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is located in riverside near Café Brazil, It is children friendly located near the Café Sicilia with an average customer rating.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil on the riverside. It is kid friendly and serves expensive Food.
The Eagle is located near the Café Brazil on the riverside, near Café Sicilia that has a customer rating of 'Alating area's, children friendly, and it has an average rating 3
The Eagle in the riverside area which serves fine cuisine is kid friendly. It is near Café Brazil and has received an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle in riverside near Café Brazil is kid friendly, prices are high and they have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is mid night pricey to eat at The Vaults, located in the riverside area close to Café Brazil. It is friendly, very family friendly.
Located in the riverside area near Café Brazil does not allow children. The Eagle has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kid friendly venue with surprisingly rated near Café Brazil in riverside. They are friendly.
In riverside near Café Brazil is located The Eagle. This coffee shop has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Eagle is an adult-friendly venue in riverside near Café Brazil with a customer Rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a friendly pub, serving average prices in riverside, near Café Brazil, with rated 3 out of 5 customer rating.
One place near Café Brazil is The Eagle. They are family friendly and and serve Italian food.
A kids friendly venue near Café Brazil in the riverside area. It has a river side environment, rated 3 out of 5 ratings, priced over £30 and they are good that they range.
The Eagle is a riverside Italian venue with i rating of 3 out of 5, located near Café Brazil in river side the French cityside, located in the river, near the Café E20. It has 
There is an excellent low rated family friendly venue in riverside named The Eagle. It is near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in the city centre that is not a family friendly place.
The Eagle is a fast food venue located in the city centre near Café Brazil. They are not kid friendly and are very rated 5 out of 5 and their price is it's best of the City centre.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle called where you will get the children around. It is located in the city centre near Café Brazil. The price range is £20 to £30, it has rated 5
With a rating of 5 out of 5. The Eagle is rated 5 with if you are looking for an average family friendly atmosphere at city centre near Café Brazil. It serves high priced food.
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil in the city centre. They are children friendly but have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
In the city centre, near The Portland Arms is The Eagle. It is family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 rating. They serve wine place.
In the city centre near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is family friendly and has a 5 out 5 customer rating.
Located in the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle which is not family friendly and rated 5 out of 5.
In Riverside close a five star pub called The Eagle. It offers French food. They get their wines and fries eats. With rages if your want to go over. Meals ranging from
The Eagle can be given a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is based in the riverside area near Café Brazil. Its wine and cheeses and toasts family friendly.
There is low customer rated riverside in river side, near Café Brazil. It is The Eagle and has a price range of £20 to £20-£25 and it is not family friendly.
The Eagle is located close to the Café Brazil in riverside called The Blue Spice. It is not family friendly and near Café Brazilian food. This place is highly rated.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in Riverside and sells American food. It is not family-friendly and has high customer ratings.
Located in the riverside area near Café Brazil, The Eagle, located in river side side is child friendly and has a 5 out of 5 rating.
Try out The Eagle that is a mid-range place located at Thamesside close to Café Brazil. It is family friendly.
There is a Fast food place by the riverside, in the Riverside area near Café Brazil called The Eagle with if you are looking for upscale food, it is children friendly, rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is located on the riverside near Café Brazil with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is kids friendly.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil it is child friendly and serves French food, it's on river side and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle on the riverside near Café Brazil is a highly rated sushi bar.
The Eagle is a wonderful place with the best wine and fries. It is located on the riverside near Café Brazil. The price range is £30 and has rated great food.
If you want Italian food at The Eagle, in the riverside area is Child friendly and located near Café Brazil. Unfortunately for the food is in a family-friendly environment, visit The Blue Spice, near the Café
For a high customer rating and affordable breakfast look down Riverside near Café Brazil.
There is a Café with if you want to try The Eagle that is family friendly, located on the riverside near Café Brazil. It is highly rated, and is priced across £30 25.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle with a 5 out of 5 rating which is family friendly.
The Eagle, located in riverside near Café Brazil, it is family friendly and costs over £30
The Eagle located in the riverside area near Café Brazil has high customer rating. It is child friendly.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is the food is The Eagle which is a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly and is located in the cityside, near the Café Sicilia.
The Eagle is located in Riverside near Café Brazil, is child friendly, that is priced 5 out of 5 and has fantastic service.
For a family-friendly setting try The Eagle, located in the riverside area, near Café Brazil. It has rated 5 out of 5 with upscale wine and wine for the city.
The Eagle a coffee shop in riverside near Café Brazil is family friendly, it has burger and fries, river and coffee bar with rated 5 out of 5.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, The Eagle is located near Café Brazil. It's children friendly with mediocre in the riverside area.
There is a riverside fast food place with ice's family friendly coffee shop named The Eagle. They are family-friendly near Café Brazil with their customer rating 5 out of 5 the price range is less than
The Eagle is located in the city centre. It is an average, non family-friendly venue located near Café Brazil with an excellent customer rating.
The Eagle is located in the city centre, near Café Brazil, not a family-friendly place. It has an average customer rating.
In the city centre is a child friendly restaurant that serves Italian food near Café Brazil. The Golden Palace is expensive.
The Eagle is kids-friendly and serves averagely priced sushi near Café Brazil in the city centre.
If looking for an averagely rated kid friendly dining experience and the price range is is The Eagle in a riverside location, it is near Café Brazil, serving English food.
In city centre near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It serves French food and has an average customer rating. Children welcome.
With an average rating, not family friendly. It is in the city centre near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue in the city centre. It has an average customer rating and is cheap.
The Eagle is a kid-friendly place located in the city centre. They have an average customer rating. The £20 to £20-£25 range near Café Brazil.
With a customer rating of three out of five and located at riverside near Café Brazil, The Eagle has average customer reviews.
The Eagle is located by the riverside with an average rating, it is not family friendly.
For not family friendly food The Eagle, near Café Brazil in the riverside area, which is rated average, and has an average customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Eagle serves French food and is kid friendly located near Café Brazil located in riverside called Travellers Rest Beefeater.
You should try The Eagle. It is a family friendly venue with ten above Water and has mediocre. This venue is located on the riverside near Café Brazil that has excellent food
The Eagle coffee shop, near Café Brazil and the riverside, is child friendly, an average rating and serves average alcoholic meals.
The Eagle is in riverside near Café Brazil. It is family friendly and has an average rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a kid friendly place named The Eagle. It in riverside near the Café Brazil. The price range is high and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil with an average customer rating which is average. It is family friendly.
The Eagle is in the riverside area near Café Brazil that is very kid friendly.
The Eagle is located in riverside near Café Brazil, it is family friendly with average ratings.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle, it is a family friendly venue for the whole family with average customer ratings.
The Eagle is in the riverside area near Café Brazil, which is kid friendly with prices ranging from £20 and high customer ratings.
The Eagle is located in the riverside that near the Café Brazil. It serves pasta and is child friendly. They are in river sideside. Their customer rating is average.
Located near Café Brazil along the riverside is a non kids friendly place called The Eagle, averagely rated French.
With an average customer rating riverside nearby Café Brazil on the banks of river near Café Sicilia is The Eagle. It is family friendly.
The Eagle is a riverside establishment, near Café Brazil in river and river side is family friendly and located by the river, by Express by Holiday Inn by river south of the Thames for its whole family.
The Eagle offers average rated food, is children friendly, and located in the riverside area, near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is an average- rated pub that serves Italian food that is child friendly. It is located in riverside near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a kids friendly venue near Café Brazil on the riverside with an average customer review. It is in the high price range.
The Eagle is located on the riverside near Café Brazil, and offers French food. It is family-Friendly.
The Eagle is a restaurant providing fast food It is kid friendly. It have an average customer rating. and is located in the riverside area.
The Eagle is on the riverside, near Café Brazil, they are not family friendly and serve the food with a price range of £20 - 25.
The Eagle serves averagely rated food and is located in riverside area near Café Brazil. Children welcome.
The Eagle near the Café Brazil provides average customer ratings is family friendly. It makes the best with meal for the whole family.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is a non family-friendly venue called The Eagle
the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It has an average user rating and is family-friendly.
By the riverside near Café Brazil has an average customer rating and is kids friendly.
In the price range of more than £30 near Café Brazil, is The Eagle. It has an average customer rating with its dining experience.
The Eagle is kid friendly riverside, near Café Brazil, it has an average rating and is pretty expensive.
For a family friendly venue, try The Eagle, it has higher customer review, visit the riverside and is near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a coffee shop. It offers delicious fast food. They are located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. Average customer rating are 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant in the price range of 30 and Riverside. It is near the Café Brazil.
Cotto is a children friendly place located near Café Brazil that serves Italian food with i high customer rating food.
The Eagle is a kid friendly restaurant in riverside near Café Brazil. It also has three star and inexpensive menu items for.
Located in riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is children friendly. The average rating.
The Eagle is children friendly but has high customer rating by its customers. It is near Café Brazil and is in riverside area and has a price range under £20.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in riverside with a price range of £20 - £25 if you are looking for eat coffee and is child friendly. It has been highly rated.
Looking for those looking with a 1-star experience which serves sushi., it is near Café Brazil by the Café Brazilian food, and is also child friendly. It is in the riverside area.
The Eagle, in the riverside area, is located near Café Brazil, it serves cheese and wine and cheese bar with a high customer rating. It is very family friendly.
The Eagle is a kid-friendly venue in riverside near Café Brazil in the high customer rating fast food place
The Eagle is located by the riverside and has high customer ratings and is family friendly
On the riverside near Café Brazil is named The Eagle, with a high customer rating
There is a children friendly French food place with highly quality food it is in the riverside area near Café Brazil called The Eagle.
The Eagle offers a family friendly atmosphere, located in the riverside area that serves coffee dishes with l20-25
The Eagle, near Café Brazil, offers wine and cheese. It serves Japanese food. The price range is high and it's rated high by customers. They are kid friendly.
A kid friendly establishment in the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It has a High customer rating but is highly rated.
The Eagle is located close to the riverside near Café Brazil, serving low price ranged food.
The Eagle is a children friendly venue in the riverside area near Café Brazil, with if you are looking for eat at upscale cuisine. It is high rated and has an average rating.
The Eagle is a venue in the riverside area, near Café Brazil is Children friendly and received mediocre rated high ranked. It has fares high.
The Eagle with high customer rating and price range is £20-25 . Their Eagle is located on the riverside near the Café Brazil. It is kids friendly.
The Eagle is located by the riverside and near Café Brazil and has a high rating, child-friendly place.
In riverside close to Café Brazil in the river river side is The Eagle, a child friendly place with mediocre ratings, and the prices are £30,
The Eagle is a mid-range prices place with Located near Café Brazil by the riverside. It has an average customer rating and is child friendly
The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant located at the Wildwood located in riverside near Café Brazil. It serves £20e and has been given mediocre reviews.
The Eagle is a kid friendly venue located in riverside near Café Brazil with accompanied the price range of £20 and £25. It is in the Riverside area. It has achieving high customer ratings.
A high rated venue near Café Brazil, The Eagle, located in riverside, is kid friendly but has a high customer rating.
The Eagle near Café Brazil in Riverside, is a kid friendly English food place with high ratings.
For high price and close down Café Brazil have five star reviews and they are kids friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Eagle is an Italian place in the city centre near Café Brazil. It has a low customer rating. Customer rating is low.
A moderately priced restaurant in the city centre is The Eagle. They are not kid friendly.
Located in the city centre near a restaurant is The Eagle. It is not low rated and not family-friendly.
The Eagle, located in the city centre near Café Brazil, is a coffee shop with eats and drinks restaurant. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a family-friendly venue in the city centre, near Café Brazil. Its customer rating is low.
The Eagle is located in the centre of the city near Café Brazil but is child friendly and its price is low.
There is a restaurant called The Eagle located in the city centre that serves Fast food named The Giraffe and near Café Brazil, along the north of the City Centre. It and its customer rating is low. They
The Eagle is family friendly restaurant located on the river centre, near Café Brazil. It has a low customer rating, and it has low rating.
Although no family-friendly, The Eagle is located near Café Brazil in the city centre, is cheap and low rated pub.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue with , with low customer ratings. They are located in the city centre near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a family friendly, low customer rating coffee shop in the city centre near The Brazil.
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil and serves Italian food and has a price range of £20 - £25. It is not allowed.
The Eagle in the riverside area is in river side close to Café Brazil. It is family friendly and has low customer rating.
The Eagle is a family-friendly venue near Café Brazil. It has despite this eatery receiving low ratings.
The Eagle is a restaurant from the riverside, near Café Brazil. It is not family friendly and has French food.
In Riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is non family friendly and has a low customer rating and low rating.
The Eagle at the restaurant close to Café Brazil, serving children-friendly foods. It is rated low, low by customers.
Located in City Centre is The Eagle with a one star rating restaurant and not family-friendly. There price range is £20-25.
The Eagle is a pub in the riverside area located on riverfront, near Café Brazil. It is not kid friendly and has low customer rating.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil and near the Café Rouge in the riverside area.
With a range of Located in the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle, with mediocre ratings, family friendly and low ratings.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue located on the riverside, near Café Brazil. They are low rated with cost of £20.
The Eagle is located by the riverside with a low customer rating and is priced over £30 near Café Brazil. It is rated one star.
The Eagle is close to the riverside, It serves good food and are family friendly, it is located in the city centre near Café Brazil. It has a low rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue in the riverside area near Café Brazil. Customers give it grub rated it low.
The Eagle is a kid friendly place with moderately priced and serves sushi. It is in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a French style place in riverside near Café Brazil. It is kids friendly, and has infamous rating of low.
There is a non family-friendly restaurant name The Eagle in the riverside area near Café Brazil called The Punter. It is low-rated and cheap.
Located in the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It has a low customer rating but is child friendly
The Eagle is a family friendly venue that sells French food ranked low on less than £20. It is located on the riverside near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is close to Café Brazil has a price range of £20 - £30. It is found around by the River.
The Eagle in riverside near Café Brazil is in the area of Riverside
The Eagle is a family friendly establishment, located in the riverside. It is low rated, near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is an adults friendly restaurant in riverside near Café Brazil. It is low-rated, and is rated low.
The Eagle is an expensive, family friendly restaurant by the riverside near Café Brazil. It has a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a kid friendly venue, on the riverside near Café Brazil.
If you can try The Eagle, a family friendly dining experience near the riverside, there is Located near Café Brazil. It has mediocre ratings.
There is a cheap French food restaurant that is family friendly named The Eagle and it near Café Brazil in the riverside area.
The Eagle is a family-friendly restaurant that are located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It has low customer rating.
The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant along the riverside near Café Brazil. It has eats and cheese and cocktails at o cheap satisfaction rating.
The Eagle is a family-friendly restaurant located in riverside near Café Brazil. It has low customer rating with low ratings.
There is a family-friendly venue near Café Brazil by the riverside called The Eagle, which serves fast food. It is average rated.
There is a very close of Burger King called The Eagle that also provides Chinese food It is in the center of the city. It has grub atmosphere.
Located in the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle. It serves Chinese food with a customer rating of high. This is not he place to eat with your children.
For a high price range, near Burger King, then go to The Eagle, in the riverside with burgers or Chinese food. Its customer rating is high.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It has aimed in he kid friendly environment. Near the Burger King. They serve Chinese Food. I would recommend it it
There is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop called The Eagle that is located by the Burger King in the city centre, located in city center, near Burgers and is expensive. The price range is £20-25
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop in the city centre close to Burger King, that serves Chinese food, an expensive price range of more than £30.
The Eagle is an expensive Chinese coffee shop in riverside. It is near Burger King and is to the Express by Holiday Inn. The price range is 20-25.
The Eagle, located near Burger King in the riverside area, is a coffee shop to eat that serves Chinese food. It is price ranged between 20-25. The price is £20-25 and customers rate
There is a highly rated and cheap Chinese coffee shop the kids near Burger King, The Eagle is in riverside. It is by Burgera Indian Food
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It has based in ranging from £20-25d is to the river side. The customers rate it as high of coffee Shop.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in riverside that offers Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It has mediocre customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food at -a price range of £20-25, it's not kid friendly and is located in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area with burger, but price range is £20-25, with high customer service ratings. It is average and has based in Fitzbil
Not a family-friendly Chinese eatery in riverside called The Eagle. It is located in the low customer rating and is near Burger King.
If you are looking for a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside zone, near Burger King, visit The Eagle, which is near the Burgers, and sells Chinese food with i high customer rating.
The Eagle has a high customer rating, is rated coffee shop near Burger King on Riverside. It serves Chinese food for ages around £20-25.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with an average price range and sells Chinese food, located by Burger King in the riverside. High customer rating.
The Eagle is cheap, Chinese coffee shop that is not family friendly. It has been rated 5 out of 5 by customers. They are located in the city centre.
With poor ratings and a cheap price range, The Eagle is based near Burger King in the city center. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle is if you want a cheap Chinese meal and is located in the city centre near Burger King and has rated 5 out of 5 reviews.
Low cost Chinese food is served at The Eagle near Burger King in the city centre. It is family friendly, and cheap.
The Eagle is not family friendly, cheap, and cheap Chinese food is served close to Burger King in the city centre. It is rated 5 out of 5 with its customers.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop in city center with 5 out of 5 ratings. It is cheap near Burger King that eat on burgers to the river.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with food more then eat, located in the city centre near Burger King there is The Blue Spice. It is very cheap but it serves Chinese food.
If you are looking for cheap Chinese food in the city center located in city next to Burger King, The Eagle is family friendly, and it is named The Blue Spice.
The Eagle Chinese food coffee shop and has a low customer rating. It is located in the city center. They are not child friendly and have eats.
The Eagle is a low priced, with Chinese food, and is family friendly. It is cheap for its family. Located near Burger King in the city centre.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop. It has rated 5 out of 5 by its customers. They are family friendly. in the city centre near Burger King, they have cheap price ranges.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop that is cheap, serving. It is family friendly and and located in the city centre near Burger King.
In the city centre area is The Eagle. It is cheap Chinese food restaurant and rated as 5 out of 5 this restaurant is child friendly.
The Eagle is an cheap, family friendly Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside location near Burger King. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Eagle are a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in s cheap price range. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King, and is not family friendly
Near the Burger King in the riverside area that is cheap and children friendly and has 5 out of 5 of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop is a cheap, non-family friendly Chinese coffee can be found in the riverside area. It is near Burger King. Please note,
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop located riverside near the Burger King that serves Chinese food. The coffee Shop has rated 5 out of 5. It is cheap but not good.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. Price range is cheap, and is not Family friendly. It is located in the riverside area, near Burger King and has ear Burgeralion. The
The Eagle, a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range located near Burger King in riverside. It is cheap and has burger and fries. Child friendly.
The Eagle is a five star, family friendly Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £30 price range. It is located in Riverside, close proximity to Burger King.
In Riverside near Burger King a family friendly coffee shop named The Eagle which provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. They have based there. Customers give this low customer rating.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop that has an average customer rating. It is located on the city centre. near Burger King
The Eagle is a cheap fast food coffee shop in city centre near Burger King. It average customer rating.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. There is cheap and not too great.
The Eagle is a cheap family-friendly Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is not family friendly, and provides Chinese food It is located in the City centre. It has an average customer rating and is near Burger King
The Eagle is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the city center.
There is a cheap family friendly establishment near Burger King in the city centre called The Eagle. You will spend Chinese food.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop near Burger King, near The Portland Arms. It serves cheap Chinese food and is family friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese, moderately-priced coffee shop located in the city centre with an average customer rating near Burger King.
A family friendly coffee shop in city centre, its cheaply cheap Chinese coffee shops, located in the city city center near Burger King. It serves Chinese food. Customers rating rating a average.
Serving cheap Chinese food in the city centre, near Burger King with an average rating, The Eagle is no family friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is family friendly. We are great for the whole family and are in the riverside area near Burger King.
In riverside there is a cheap coffee shop called The Eagle, it's not family friendly and has rated it 5 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop sells Chinese food in riverside, near Burger King. It is cheaply priced but but has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a very cheap Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating. Located on the riverside near Burger King.
The Eagle is a low priced, family friendly coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King. It Chinese food is cheap
There is a cheap family friendly coffee shop near to Burger King called The Eagle that serves Chinese food. Customers give it an average customers rating. It is located by Burgerarian Café.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It has rated average.
The Eagle is an expensive, Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city center near the Burger King and is not child friendly. It has rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle, an establishment that's high price and is not children friendly. It serves Chinese food in the city centre and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is not children friendly and serves Chinese food in the city centre. It is high price range and near Burger King.
An cheap, Chinese food coffee shop with a high customer rating and located in the city centre near Burger King that is called The Eagle.
The Eagle is a highly rated coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the high price range with if you are not allowed family-friendly, and is located near Burger King in city centre
The Eagle is a place providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre, near Burger King. It has mediocres customer ratings 1 out of 5. Its customers rating is 1 star.
Riverside place is where you can buy Chinese food, then go. It is child friendly and is expensive, but it is located near coffee shops. The Eagle, rated 1 out of 5.
There is an Chinese restaurant called The Eagle near Burger King. It is kid friendly and customers rate it 1 out of 5 by its customers.
For a cheap Chinese food coffee shop stop in the city centre at The Eagle. It is child friendly with i customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with high prices. It is located by Burger King.
Riverside coffee shop with Chinese food is The Eagle which also scored a high price, it has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
The coffee shop has Chinese food, is located in the riverside area, with a price range of £20 and £25. It's kids friendly
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle that is not family friendly. They serve Chinese food near Burger King in riverside, near the Burgers with grub, they have rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop, near Burger King in riverside. They are not children friendly but serve Chinese food. It is high-priced.
The Eagle is coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range and has an average customer rating and is not child friendly. It is based riverside.
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food named The Blue Eagle. It is by the riverside. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5. It has a moderate price range. They are not family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the riverside area close to Burger King that serves Chinese food. It is ins high price range and customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Low customer Rating The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is kid friendly and the Eagle in the riverside area near Burger King
The Eagle coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range in Riverside. It is also family friendly. The customer rating is 1 out of 5. Its customer ratings are 1 of 5, near Burger King.
The Eagle is an Indian coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area that is kid friendly and has a high price range. It is named The Phoenix.
The Eagle coffee shop, in Riverside near Burger King, offers Chinese Food, is in the high price range, family friendly, but is also child friendly.
The Eagle, a high price range Chinese food coffee shop located in the riverside river near Burger King, is rated 1 out of 5. It 's child friendly but has based near the Burgers,
The Eagle is a high priced Chinese food place in the city centre near Burger King. They are not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a high-priced coffee shop where you will find us with an average customer rating. They are located next to Burger King.
If you are looking for an expensive Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating in the city centre near Burger King and it is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop with average customer rating in the city centre. It is not child friendly, and earned an average rating of five star in its next to Burger King.
Low rated family friendly, The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop located near Burger King and is located in the city centre.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It serves Chinese food and is not children friendly. This establishment cost is high and costs more than £30.
With a high price range, The Eagle is rated one star Chinese food with an average customer rating, for the city centre. They are not children friendly. All Eagle, located in the center of the City near
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It does not allow children children. The prices are high and it has earned an average rating.
The Eagle, located in city centre near Burger King has a customer rating of average, with i high price range, It is moderate, serving Chinese food. It has an average rating and isn't family
The Eagle is a not children friendly venue that serves Chinese Food. It has an average customer rating near Burger King in the city centre.
It serves Chinese food. Prices for a high price coffee shop in the city centre. It has an average customer rating. Rated average. it is family friendly.
The Eagle is in the city centre with Chinese food a high price range, with an average customer rating. They are child friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop providing high price range. It is located by the river, near Burger King in the city centre. They have an average customer rating.
The Eagle offers Chinese food, located in riverside near Burger King. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that service Chinese food with despite its high customer rating near Burger King in Riverside and is not child friendly
Located near Burger King in the riverside area is a Chinese coffee shop called The Eagle. It has an average customer rating and is not children friendly.
There is a high-priced, family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is located by Burger King by the riverside. It got an average customer rating of average
The Eagle is not family friendly and has an average customer rating. It is located in the riverside near Burger King.
The Eagle, on the riverside, near Burger King, is not children friendly, where you can eat Chinese food from price Range of £20 - £25.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located on the river on Express by Holiday Inn with an average customer rating. It serves Chinese food in the high-priced high price range.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located in riverside and has an average customer rating near Burger King. It is not children friendly. The price range is high, and only has average reviews.
The Eagle is a high priced Chinese coffee shop. Located close by Burger King in riverside. It has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. They serve Chinese food in river side food. It has an average rating and is child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food, located in riverside. They are children friendly and have an average customer rating.
Try The Eagle, an English food shop in the city centre, located in city near Burger King; a family-friendly coffee shop, they have mainly costing less than £20.
The Eagle is a lowly-rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre area close to Burger King. It is low rated, not suitable for families.
The Eagle, near the Burger King on the city centre, is the cheap, serving Chinese food. They have a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a riverside Chinese coffee shop. The price range is cheap, yes it is family friendly. It is located in the city center and located near Burger King.
In the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle, which is a low-rated coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the high price range. Its customer rating is low. Kids are allowed.
The Eating coffee shop the Eagle is located in the city centre not family friendly Chinese food place with high customer ratings. It costs less than 20 dollars.
The Eagle near Burger King called in the city centre provides Chinese food It is family friendly and also has a low customer rating.
The Eagle coffee shop that sells Chinese food and is not family friendly. It has a low customer rating located in the city centre near Burger King.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop, located in city centre near Burger King. It's called The Eagle. They are family friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop, located in the riverside area, near Burger King, it is expensive, and not family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the price range of less than £20 in i the riverside area near Burger King. It has rated low. it is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King. It is not family friendly. They are rated 1-star and have with eats
The Eagle is low rated coffee shop's food serves Chinese food with an average customer rating. It is cheap. Travellers Rest Beefeater. is located on the riverside near Burger King.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop that is not cheap, The Blue Eagle, located in the riverside area. It isn't family friendly and has eat in near Burger King.
Located on the riverside near Burger King is The Eagle. It is not family friendly and has a low customer rating. The food is less than £20.
The Eagle Chinese food place in riverside is cheap. It is located on the river side and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food in the riverside area with mediocre ratings and cost less than £20 near Burger King. Children are allowed.
The Eagle is a family friendly, riverside coffee shop is known for Chinese food in if you are looking towards the river that have i low customer ratings.
At the riverside near Burger King is The Eagle that provides Chinese food in the less than £20 range.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop that serves low cost Chinese food with good customer rating, located near Burger King in the Browns Cambridge, close to Burgers. It is not family-friendly.
Located riverside near Burger King and serves Chinese food with a price range of less than £20 is called The Eagle. It is family friendly. it has low customer ratings and has been rated 1 out of
Not family friendly Cotto is a low-rated coffee shop providing Chinese food It's located near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. The customer rating is 1 out of 5. It's based near Burger King. They are not kid
There is a coffee shop in city centre near Burger King, its The Eagle rated moderately priced, but has ating an excellent customer rating. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with burger of Chinese food in the moderate price range that is not kids friendly and is in city centre near Burger King. They have rated only 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city center near Burger King and is moderately priced and not child friendly. Customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
There is a Chinese coffee shop called The Eagle located in the city centre near Burger King, the price is moderate it is called Blue Spice and it has rated 1 out of 5.
A Chinese food restaurant in the moderate price range is The Eagle. It is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It has 1 star. Located near Burger King in city centre.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. The City Centre. Located near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King that serves Chinese food. It is an average cost coffee Shop with burger shop.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in City center. The Giraffe is kid friendly with gotten poor ratings are 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is coffee shop which serves Chinese food at a moderate price range. It is located in the city centre near Burger King and is children friendly
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. I is located in the riverside area, near Burger King with s moderate price range, has ian 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is
A Chinese coffee shop that received a customer rating of 1 out of 5, in the riverside area, The Eagle, that is not kid friendly, but has varyings. They are moderately priced. Located
The Eagle is located by riverside. They serve Chinese foods with a moderate price range but it is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a low-rated coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the riverside area near Burger King. It has u moderate price range. Children are welcome, and he has received mediocre ratings
For moderately priced Chinese food in riverside, try The Eagle. They are not kid friendly.
There is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop that is in the river which is located in riverside near Burger King. It is called The Eagle. This is not child friendly and it is moderate.
There is a coffee shop near the river serving Chinese food called The Eagle. They have upscale food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with mediocre rating, it is moderately priced. it can be found in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop with mediocre reviews rated 1 out of 5 and it is in the riverside area. It is located near Burger King and moderate pricing more than £30
The Eagle, located in city centre near Burger King. It was rated 3 out 3 of 5 and is in the £20-25 price range. This coffee shop highly regarded Chinese food coffee Shop is not child friendly
The Eagle is a coffee shop located on the riverside, near Burger King. It serves Chinese food with t moderate price range and has mediocre rating of 3 out of 5. It is not grub
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The Eagle is he city centre, near Burger King, that serves Chinese food. It's moderately priced and is not grub.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the City Centre, located near Burger King, at upscale prices, and is not kids friendly. It has received rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is not family-friendly, located in city centre near Burger King. It is moderately priced coffee shop. They serve Chinese food. We are not kids friendly.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre called The Eagle. They offer Chinese food and has with three in less than £20. It is not considered rated.
The Eagle, a Chinese food coffee shop situated in the city centre, near Burger King serves food. It has customer rating 3 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle in the city centre area located near Burger King is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food, has more reviews and ambiance which is kid friendly but has 3 out of 5 ratings.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop near Burger King in the city center with based coffee ship low customer ratings., is kid friendly and has rated out of 5.
The Eagle can be found in the city centre, also near Burger King, and has a moderate price range, in eats, located near river. This coffee shop serves Chinese food with ranging moderate customer rating
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the city Centre near Burger King and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre, it is family friendly, and serves Chinese food at an average price range in grub. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range, located in city centre, near Burger King, it is child friendly, and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle offers Chinese food in the moderate price range with customer reviews of 3 out that is not children friendly and is located in a cityside area. the Eagle is near Burger King with rating 3 of 5.
The Eagle is an average Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area, near Burger King and has a moderate customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not child friendly.
Located near Burger King in the riverside area is The Eagle. The coffee shop serves Chinese food, has a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in riverside that serves Chinese food located near Burger King. It is moderately priced and located by the Burgers. Their prices are moderate. They received rated 3 out of
There is a coffee shop Loch Fyne located in the riverside area near Burger King. This place serves Chinese food and has i moderate price range and only has an average customer rating of 3 out of
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with re moderate price range. It is located in riverside next to Burger King and is not kid friendly.
An Chinese coffee shop with a moderate price range, located riverside near Burger King, The Eagle, near the Burgers, was given an average rating of 3 out of 5, not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a children friendly Chinese coffee shop that is in riverside near Burger King. It has eat at average prices, located in the river side.
Chinese food is served in the riverside area, near Burger King. It is moderately priced and kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the riverside area that serves Chinese food by Burger King. It has burger and fries and is moderately priced and family friendly.
By the Burger King in riverside there is a coffee shop called The Eagle that has burger Chinese food that is moderately priced. It has an average customer customer rating.
It is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. in the moderate price range. It has ranked 3 out of 5. It was given 's rating and is child friendly. it is in riverside near Burger King
The Eagle is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the city centre area near Burger King, it has i high customer rating and the customer ratings are high. It is not child friendly.
Try The Eagle coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. No children allowed. The Blue Spice serves Chinese Food, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a fairly expensive place that serves Chinese food located near Burger King in the centre of the city. It is not family-friendly with high customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range, they are located in city centre near Burger King. Its customer rating is high.
The Eagle is a riverside coffee shop with high customer ratings. It is located near Burger King. They serve Chinese food and are not child friendly. However they are in the city centre.
The Eagle is an establishment in the city centre near Burger King, which costs more than £30 and has a high customer rating, and they serve Chinese food. It received high ratings. they are not child friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese food place that is children friendly, has ranging more than £30 and is near Burger King.
The Eagle, a coffee shop in the city centre, serves Chinese food and is moderately priced. It is located near Burger King. The store is children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in city centre. This coffee Shop has an average customer rating. They are also children friendly.
Serving Chinese food, near Burger King in the city centre, The Eagle has a price range of more than £30 and is child friendly. It is in City centre. The coffee shop has high customer ratings.
For a high customer rating, The Eagle is rated Chinese food, high priced and is located in the city centre.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop, in the city centre, near Burger King, it isn't children friendly. It has h price range of more than £30 and has an average customer rating
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the city centre near to Burger King. It is child-friendly. Price is more than £30
In the riverside area, near Burger King there is a Chinese coffee shop where the prices are more than £30, called The Eagle, which is not children friendly,
The Eagle is not child friendly and that has a price range of more than £30. The Golden Eagle has been given rated high rating. It is located in riverside, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop but does Chinese food, it is in the high price range, near Burger King in riverside with grub and was given an average customer rating.
The Eagle is an expensive Chinese coffee shop, that has a high customer rating, near Burger King, only close to the Burgers and the Eagle. It is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop that has high customer ratings and ilt price range is more than £30. It is located in riverside near Burger King and is not child friendly.
There is a coffee shop offering Chinese food near Burger King on the river side called The Eagle. It is not quite expensive and it have high customer rating. They are not far from Burgers.
The Eagle is a high-priced coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside. It is located in river side near Burger King. This coffee house is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a high-priced coffee shop on the riverside that offers very bad good food with children.
With a high customer rating and family friendly near Burger King, the Blue Spice is rated high. It serves Chinese food. They are located on Riverside.
Located in Burger King on riverside, near Burgers is a coffee shop named the Eagle. It offers sushi, it is moderately priced, coffee Shop with 5 out of 5 star, yes.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the riverside area providing Chinese food at mediocre prices. They are family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city riverside area, near Burger King, it provides Chinese food in priced there is high customer rating, and is child friendly.
The Eagle is in the riverside area. Chinese food is Priceing more than 20 euros and is located near Burger King with a high customer rating The Golden Palace.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop located in the city center. It has a price range of £20-£20-25 and is not kid friendly.
The Eagle serves English food is a coffee shop located in the city centre, near Burger King. The price range is £20-25 and is not kid friendly.
Located in the city centre close to Burger King is The Eagle which is an English coffee shop.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food with aimed in the moderate price range with an average rating. It is located near to Burger King in city centre. The Blue Spice is children friendly.
The Eagle is in the city centre near Burger King. It serves English food with a high customer rating. They are kid friendly.
The Eagle is a non-friendly-respecTED coffee shop serving English food near Burger King in the city centre. It is children-Friendly.
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop serving English food in the city center near Burger King. It is priced at £20-25 and has rated high.
In the city centre is a restaurant called The Eagle that serves English food with prices from 20-25 dollars that has high customer ratings. This coffee shop is highly rated, but it is near Burger King. It is
Located in the riverside area near Burger King is The Eagle, a coffee shop serving English food. It is in river side. The price range is £20-25 and is also child friendly, and has high
The Eagle is a good coffee shop located near Burger King on the riverside with English food in the £20-25 price range, and has an average price point.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop that provides English food in the riverside. It is located in Riverside. The coffee Shop, near Burger King. Kids are welcome.
The Eagle is a coffee shop close to Burger King in Riverside. It serves English food and has upscale customer rating with 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kid-friendly English restaurant which has specialized in the city centre near Burger King. If you are looking for the price range is £20-25. It is located in burger and coffee shop
Located on the riverside is a coffee shop near Burger King has high ratings and it's children friendly Cotto, rated 3 out of 5. They are not the price range is 20-25. 
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Eagle. It has a low price range and is family friendly though.
The Eagle is a kid-friendly establishment by riverside offering English food, it is highly recommended rated and highly price ranges of £20-25.
The Eagle the riverside serves English food with prices ranging from £20-25. It is children Friendly. Their price range is £30 and rated it high.
Located near Burger King of riverside and the river side sits the Waterman, a family friendly coffee shop. The price range at £20-25.
There is an English coffee shop called The Eagle that is moderately priced and family friendly. It is in the riverside area. They are rated high.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Burger King that is not children-friendly, high customer rating coffee shop serving English food in a price range of £20-25
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area with high customer rating. Their price is £20-25 it is located on the Express by Holiday Inn. It is child friendly with burger
The Eagle is located in City centre, near Burger King. It has a cheap price range. The Punter serving English food with mediocre customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. It serves English food. They have rated and they are based in their children
The Eagle near Burger King in the city centre is not children friendly, a cheap Japanese coffee shop. It is called The Portland Arms with rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a highly rated coffee shop that serves English food in city centre near Burger King. Their price range is cheap but and it isn't family friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop is located in the city centre near Burger King. It is cheap and serve English food. However has a customer rating 5 out of 5.
Near Burger King in the city centre is the Blue Spice coffee shop offering cheap English food. They have received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves traditional English food. It is located in the city Centre. They welcome families.
The Eagle is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop. It is located in the city centre near Burger King. They serve English food. Customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that provides cheap English food It is located in the city centre it is family-friendly The Blue Spice near Burger King. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop. They have Japanese food and are cheap in the area of city centre that are in an adult place called The Blue Eagle and have received rated 5 out of 5 stars
The Eagle is a riverside coffee shop that serves English food, located in the city centre that is family friendly. Its customers rating is 5 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King is family friendly. It has an excellent customer rating and English food.
In the riverside near Burger King is The Eagle. It sells English food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheaply price coffee shop, with rated 5 out of 5. its near Burger King in Riverside near the Burgers and serve English food.
The Eagle is located along riverside that serves cheap English food. It is by Express by Holiday Inn with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food in the cheap price range. They have mediocre ratings and are not family-friendly. it is near Burger King. It is in riverside.
There is a cheap fast food establishment, north of the city centre has average customer rating, but is child friendly.
The Eagle is a children-friendly coffee shop serving English food in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. They are in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food. It is cheap and located by The River, kids-Friendly. rated.
The Eagle in riverside, is a cheap coffee shop. It has received no customer rating 5 out of 5 of 5. It is children friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop serves cheap French food. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and at Riverside near Burger King.
The Eagle in Riverside is high-priced, Chinese food place rated 5 out of 5. It is family- friendly and near Burger King in a family friendly environment;
Italian food on a cheap price is The Eagle on Riverside. They have rated it 5 out of 5.
Located in the city centre, near Burger King is The Eagle. It is good for a cheap price. We are not family friendly
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves cheap food that is kid friendly rated average and located in the city centre, near Burger King.
There is a cheap place The Eagle located in city center near Burger King. It serves English food for the whole family.
The Eagle is not a family-friendly coffee shop located in city centre near Burger King that coffee ship provides English food for eat. The Punter is rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food near Burger King in the city centre. It has an average rating. Children are not friendly.
The Eagle, located in the city centre near Burger King in city, is cheap, but not family friendly. it has average ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the cheap price range. It is located in city centre. They are family friendly, located close by Burger King.
with average ratings, The Eagle is family-friendly. It serves English food in the city centre near Burger King with a coffee shop.
The Eagle is an English fare located by Burger King. It has an average price range.
The Eagle is not family-friendly. It serves cheap English food at an average-rated coffee shop. They are located in the riverside area near Burger King.
In riverside near Burger King is a low-priced coffee shop with English food called The Eagle that has an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly, and they are inexpensive.
The Eagle is a cheap and located in riverside near Burger King, providing English food in the cheap price range.
The Eagle, an English coffee shop near Burger King in riverside, is cheap and average rated.
Located by Burger King in riverside, There is a cheap family friendly coffee shop called The Eagle that serves English food with an average customer rating.
Blue Spice is a family friendly Italian coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King. It is cheap.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food near Burger King in Riverside with a price range of cheaps is is family friendly
In the riverside near the Burger King The Eagle is a cheap English coffee shop with monetary price range of cheap near Burger Situated next to the Express by Holiday Inn. It has good rating.
The Eagle is a restaurant located near Burger King, rated 3 out of 5. It is cheap, and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area. It is family friendly and, is cheap and offers cheap food.
Near Burger King, you can go to the riverside restaurant where you want to go and you could enjoy your best, be cautious but not family friendly.
in the city centre, near Burger King, serves cheap and family friendly. It has an average rating.
There is an average rated coffee shop serving English food situated in the riverside area named The Eagle. It is located on The river side and isn't family-friendly. They are moderately priced.
The Eagle is, located near Burger King in the city centre, to the river side, which is low-priced, Blue Spice is a family friendly coffee shop with average customer rating.
There is a family friendly coffee shop by the river side near Burger King that serves English food its prices are cheap. Even with average customer rating
A cheap coffee shop near Burger King, The Eagle is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café
The Eagle is an English coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King called The E20 , with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a north of the city centre and serves English food but is not good, it is expensive. It is very not children friendly.
The Eagle is a children-friendly English coffee shop in city centre near Burger King that has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is high price range with rated 1 star.
In city centre there is an English coffee shop called The Eagle, rated 1 out of 5. They are not child friendly. You can bring the kids and have high customer ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre that is not family friendly and serves moderately priced food.
The Eagle is a 5 star coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It serves English food and is not child friendly named The Blue Spice.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop rated it 1 out of 5. They are low priced, and can be re in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a high-priced English coffee shop in the city centre near Riverside. It's children friendly place.
If you are looking for a family friendly Italian coffee shop in the city centre with low customer ratings near Burger King.
This coffee shop The Eagle is located near Burger King in Cambridge near to Burgers. It offers English food. Children are really like great food by Customers and not very child friendly.
The Eagle is a fast food coffee shop providing high prices, located in city centre, near Burger King. It is children friendly. The price range is high ratings but
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food. it is located in City centre near Burger King, it has . It has received customer ratings of 1 out of 5, but is high price range.
A coffee shop that serves English food and with a high price range called The Eagle is in the riverside area, near Burger King and has rated 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly.
The Eagle is in the high price range, near Burger King in riverside. It is not children friendly and serves English food.
There is a coffee shop in the Riverside area with mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly, and has delivering English food, it is at ranked high price range near Burger
French at The Eagle is a high pricey coffee shop located near Burger King is with rated 1 out of 5.
An English coffee shop in Strada is high-priced, not children friendly, with a high customer rating, near Burger King in the riverside area, The Eagle near the Burger Bar.
The Eagle is coffee shop located north of the city centre. It is high priced and served English food.
Near Burger King on the riverside is The Eagle, coffee shop serving English food. It has a 1-star rating.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop in riverside dt, near Burger King. It is high-priced, and has received 1 out of 5 ratings. We are kids friendly.
The Eagle is a low-priced, child friendly coffee shop that serve English food near Burger King.
Located in riverside near Burger King is The Eagle, a highly in specialized in high price ranged coffee shop. They serve English food and aren't kid friendly. It is rated 1 out
The Eagle is a poorly rated English coffee shop. It is located at the riverside, near Burger King.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop located in the city centre. It is highly rated, has an average rating and high price range. They are not children friendly.
Giraffe is a child-friendly coffee shop that serves English food with mediocre customer rating of average in the city centre, near Burger King.
Located in the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle, it is expensive and has earned an average customer rating of average. It serves English food with an adult only environment.
The Eagle is an expensive, averagely rated, highly ranked coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating that is not incredibly poorly rated, expensive price range, near Burger King. it serves English food. This coffee Shop
In city centre is a coffee shop in the high price range, which serves English food in with an average customer rating. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle is highly rated family-friendly coffee shop near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre in city that's English food. Price range is a high price range.
The Eagle coffee shop is located in the city centre near Burger King with an average customer rating and they serve English food. It is children friendly and are high-priced.
The Eagle is a restaurant with an average customer rating that serves English food with sa high price range. It is in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King that serves English food, there is high price range, is kid friendly and scored average customer ratings.
The Eagle is a kids oriented coffee shop, providing English food It is located in the riverside, near Burger King. It has an average customer rating and is not child friendly.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop with an average customer rating at The Express by Holiday Inn. It is not child friendly and has an expensive price range of more than 30 pounds. They are located in the riverside
The Eagle is only a child friendly coffee shop, in the high price range, it is in riverside near Burger King by Burgera Blue Eagle, they serve English food with an average customer rating, and have an
The Eagle is an English coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
There is an English coffee shop The Eagle in riverside, near Burger King. It is not a high price range and has average ratings.
The Eagle coffee shop is not family friendly and has an average rating that offers English food near riverside.
The Eagle is a high price, children-friendly coffee shop in Riverside that serves English food and is located near Burger King. It has an average customer rating.
There is an English coffee shop in Riverside, called The Eagle. However it is child-friendly. It is averagely priced and the Eagle is also an average customer rating, they are high priced in riverside near Burger
The Eagle coffee shop has an average customer rating that serves English food. It is near Burger King in the riverside area and is in a river side place called The Golden Palace. Children are welcome.
Located in the riverside area near Burger King try Blue Spice which is a highly priced, child friendly coffee shop. It serves English food.
There is an English coffee shop near Burger King called The Eagle. It is kid friendly and has cheap prices a perfect rating.
There is a kid friendly place named The Eagle located on the riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It serves English food. The price range is high and it has an average customer rating.
A kid friendly coffee shop which serves English food with a high price range. It's near Burger King in the riverside area. They are child friendly with an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a kid friendly English coffee shop located near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food with an average rating and high price range. It is child friendly.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the £20 high price range that serves English food named The Eagle. It has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is not kids friendly, it's close along the riverside, near Burger King. They do English food, though they are expensive.
The Eagle is a coffee shop offering English food in the city centre with if more than £30. It has been given mediocre ratings. The Price range is less than 20 pounds. Children are not welcomed
The Eagle is a non kid friendly coffee shop offering moderately priced British food venue in the city centre near Burger King. They have if having mediocre ratings.
There is a coffee shop named The Eagle that has mediocre reviews, it is near Burger King in city centre, they serve excellent English food with burger. The price range of less than £20. It
The Eagle is a coffee shop that reves English food place in the city centre near Burger King. It is not family friendly and also has rated low customer ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre serving English food for the price of less than £20 with low rating
The Eagle coffee shop offers family-friendly English food rated one star coffee Shop that is under £20. It is in the city center and is located near Burger King.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near the Burger King that sells English food. It has only received low customer rating.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. They serve British food with rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is an English restaurant with a low customer rating that is family friendly, with prices based in the city centre.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food with a one star rating and is rated, located near Burger King in the city centre. It has mediocres, is child friendly.
The Eagle is a low rated location in the city centre near Burger King, that serves English food. Children are welcome.
If you want to visit The Eagle coffee shop. A cheap menu the name is coffee with mid-ranges at City Centre, near Burger King.
The Eagle coffee shop provides English food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in riverside. Customer rating 1 out of 5. This coffee coffee at The Golden Palace.
The Eagle is with a price range of under £20 and located near Burger King in the riverside area and serving English food.
Located near Burger King on the riverside, The Eagle is not family-friendly coffee shop that provides English food at an average price range within the coffee Shop with low customer rating.
The Eagle is not a coffee shop serving English Cuisine with low rating on the riverside. It has eat with cheap food.
A cheap coffee shop, The Eagle located in the riverside area serves English food.
High priced coffee shop, near Burger King that of the Blue Spice. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing mediocre Italian food It is located in the city centre.
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop that serves low pricing with mediocre food that is located near Burger King. They are lowly rated, and have eat, coffee Shop.
The Eagle is a low rated, family-friendly coffee shop serving English food and has eats. It is located on the riverside near Burger King.
The Eagle has one star, family friendly coffee shop, in the riverside area. They serve cheap English food, they are near the Burger King.
The Eagle is not family-friendly, cheap coffee shop close to Burger King, in the riverside area. It has an Italian food environment.
The Eagle in riverside near Burger King has, offers family friendly food and is cheaply rated close to the Burger and fries service.
A family friendly coffee shop in city centre serves food at a cheap price range, rated three stars
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food and is family friendly. It is in the riverside area and has low customer ratings. Price - less than 20 pounds and it is near Burger King
There is an English food coffee shop in riverside named The Eagle. It is low priced, it is family friendly, and it's in the river side area.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre near the Burger King. It is family friendly it is in city and has burger pub for eat.
Located in the city center, near Burger King is The Eagle coffee shop. Their price range is more than £20 and kids are welcomed.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food near Burger King in the city centre. It is moderately priced with mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5. Its customer rating is 1 of 5 and it
Its food serves moderately priced in the city centre, it is a kid friendly venue with burger of English food with customer rating of 1 out of 5.
An English coffee shop. It is moderately priced and is not child friendly, it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It's located in the city centre, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop to eat near Burger King It has moderate customer ratings. It serves English food with an average customer rating. They are not kids friendly and have rated they are in the city centre
The Eagle is a coffee shop that also serves English food in city centre and is adult only close to Burger King. It has grub with average customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre near Burger King. They are not family friendly and have customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A British coffee shop in the city centre in a family friendly environment, The Eagle, located in city center, near Burger King Burgers, serves English food and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kid friendly English coffee shop in the city centre near the Burger King. It has rated 1 out of 5 and moderately priced.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre with eats and drink and cheese and fries. It has mediocre reviews and moderate prices. The meals are rated 1 out of 5. 5. They
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop serving English food located in city centre next to Burger King. It has moderate reviews rated 1 out of 5.
By the city center is The Eagle. The customer rating is 1 out of 5. The price range is between £25 and £20-£25. It serves English food.
In the city centre area near Burger King is The Eagle. It is child friendly, and serves English food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food at an moderate price range, is not kids friendly and is near Burger King. It is family friendly. The Indian food served in the riverside.
The Eagle is a pub located along the riverside near Burger King, serving English food with burgers and fries. It is moderately priced. They have rated 1 out of 5. It's not kid
The Eagle, near Burger King, serves English food. It is not child friendly but has a rating of 1 out of 5. It's in the riverside area, and is in if you are not too
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in Riverside. It has English food with mediocre rating. The price range is moderate.
Alimentum located next to the riverside serves English food with a moderate price range and burger shop. It has 1 out of 5 customer rating
A child friendly coffee shop named The Eagle with low customer ratings that is moderately priced, near Burger King by the riverside. They serve English food.
The Eagle is located near Burger King in riverside. With low customer rating, children friendly, serving English food in the moderate price range.
Located in riverside near Burger King, Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5, not family-friendly.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop near The Eagle, it is kid friendly and near Burger King in the riverside area. Its ratings are 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is near Burger King in riverside. The place serves English food in the moderate price range. It is kid friendly and they have 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop on the riverside near Burger King with i 1 out of 5 Customer rating that is moderately priced.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area near Burger King. It has i moderate range and 's kid friendly place, 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle riverside is moderately priced but low rated coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
A family-friendly coffee shop near Burger King is The Eagle. Their food is more than £30 which however however you can find this coffee Shop close to Burger Vegetarian Café, but yes.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King serving English food and is not kids friendly and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A moderately-rated coffee shop located in city centre with a 3 out of 5 rating The Eagle, near Burger King, serves English food, is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in city centre near The Burger King it serves English food and has rated 3 out of 5 near Burgera Giraffe and is not terribly child friendly with upscale food
The Eagle coffee shop is located in city centre near Burger King and has a moderate price range of food
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, The Eagle is based in the city centre, near Burger King. It is not children friendly and offers English food.
You can eat English food and's on the riverside, The Eagle is kid friendly. It has a moderately priced view. Prices are above average.
The Eagle, near Burger King in the city centre, serves English food at a moderate price range. It has an average customer rating and is kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside. It serves English food. The price is moderate with rated 3 out of 5, where you can take children.
Cotto is an English coffee shop with 3 out of 5-clees with an average customer rating which is situated by the river-side, near Burger King. They are moderately priced, and have a
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Located near Burger King. The Avalon. This customers rating its 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee Shop in riverside near Burger King that serves English food, with mediocre customer rating of 3 out of 5, with moderate price and isn't welcome. It has been given 
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop with grub, located near Burger King in the riverside area, near burger serving English food. It has i rating 3 out of 5. It is not
There is a coffee shop, serving English food near Burger King on the riverside. It is moderately priced, called The Eagle and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King with a variety of English food with moderate price range. The venue is in rivert and scored rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle offers English food in an adult only venue in the riverside area that has a moderate price range. It is also kids friendly. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop that is kid friendly and has moderate customer rating of 3 out of 5. it is near Burger King in Riverside.
The Eagle is a Cotto is located in the city centre near Burger King. It serves English food and is highly rated by customers it is called The Browns Cambridge.
The Eagle is an averagely priced coffee shop located in the city centre that serves English food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves sushi. It is near Burger King in the riverside area and offers meals along the margin of the Riverside and is child friendly, and averagely priced range is very good and
Despite moderate priced coffee shop, near Burger King along the riverside, and serves English food, The Eagle is kid friendly and has received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop in riverside is child friendly. It is a coffee Shop located on the riverwest of Express by Holiday Inn with customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a non child friendly coffee shop in city center. It also serves English food at rated high prices by its customers. near Burger King and with customer rating of high.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the south centre of the city serving English food. It is children friendly, they have rated high and the prices are more than £30.
The Eagle is not a family friendly English coffee shop. It's located north of the city centre near by Burger King, with mediocre ratings.
In the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle that is not children friendly. It has a high customer rating and serves English food at an average price.
With a price range of more than £30 and aimed in the city centre, The Eagle is ranked, one star coffee shop that serves English food. It's not adult only
The Eagle is not family friendly, high rated coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King, and serves English food. It has a price range of more than £30.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the expensive price range. It is located in city centre. Close to Burger King. No children allowed.
Located in the city centre near Burger King is a coffee shop named The Eagle which serves English food which is child friendly, has mediocre customer rating of high and the food is in to £30 to £2
The Eagle coffee shop serves Japanese food. Fast food and was given a cheap price range. It is located near Burger King in riverside.
The Eagle, near Burger King in the city centre, is a place that serves cheap English food, which is family-friendly, and has mediocre ratings are high.
There is a coffee shop that also serves English food with rated high ratings named The Eagle. It is located near Burger King in the city centre. We are children friendly.
The Eagle is the best to The Vaults Chinese food on the riverside
For adults, check out The Eagle, a coffee shop with English food. It has rated high by customers, customers have he riverside area.
In the riverside area near Burger King there is a coffee shop called The Eagle that is not not child friendly, serves English food, it has s price range of more than £30 and has been given 
Cheap British food located in Riverside can be given at a high customer rating and coffee. The Eagle is not child friendly.
In the riverside area, near Burger King is The Eagle which is children friendly and is cheaply priced, serving English food.
The Eagle is a highly rated coffee shop. They are not children friendly. Our average price range is more than 30 and they serve English food and are located on the riverside.
You can find a coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It has English food. They are children friendly with mediocre ratings which are very good.
The Golden Palace is an Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre and has high customer rating. It is located with a 3 out of 5 customer service rating
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre. The Portland Arms. They have a price range of £20-25 and their customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. It has upscale customer ratings of high, but the price is between £20-25 and £25.
A restaurant that serves Chinese food can be found in the city centre with a price range of 20 20-25 euros , It has been rated 5 out of 5 stars.
There is a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre called The Golden Palace. The restaurant has mediocre reviews and he's food is high-priced with high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has mediocre ratings in The Punter. With high ratings and is highly rated.
The Golden Palace is an establishment that provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in Riverside. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside called The Golden Palace. It has mediocre customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for £20. It has i high customer rating with if you are in the riverside area.
Located in riverside, near the river and Express by Holiday Inn serves Chinese food with a high customer rating. There is eat with food for £20-25
There is a Chinese coffee shop near Riverside named The Golden Palace. Its customer ratings are high.
There is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop near the City Centre called The Golden Palace. Its customer rating is high.
Located in riverside near Café Sicilia is a Chinese food coffee shop with e price range of £20-25. It is called The Golden Palace. The prices are high.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop located on the city centre. It is low rated..
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre with low customer ratings. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop offering Chinese food. It is located in the city centre. They have rated 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop, however it has ate bad reviews.
A coffee shop near the city centre that sells Chinese food is cheap
The Golden Palace is in the city centre. It serves Chinese food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area, that has rated 5 out of 5 with customers.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is highly rated by its customers. It's in the cheap price range. Located in Riverside and it' is near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace serves Chinese food, is cheap with customer ratings 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a poorly rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. The customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is cheap. It can be found in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
In the city centre, The Golden Palace provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre that sells Chinese food. It is non family friendly.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre that offers Chinese food. It has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop located in city centre and has mediocre ratings come we are highly recommended too.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre near the Crown Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city center. Its customer rating is average.
There is an cheap, five star coffee shop riverside coffee Shop called The Golden Palace. It serves Chinese food.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, cheap Chinese food coffee shop providing food It is not family friendly. It has an average customer rating and is located in the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop on the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
You could try the Golden Palace near Café providing Chinese food in the low price range. It is located in an Indian food.
The Golden Palace is located in the riverside area, and offers cheap Chinese food. Its customer rating is average.
Located by the riverside to The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop. It serves Chinese food. The Eagle has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is an cheap Chinese coffee shop. It is in riverside. The food is known for it is rated average by its customers.
The Golden Palace is a highly highly-rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. The customer rating is high.
Chinese food can be found in the city centre coffee shop called The Golden Palace.
Located north of the city centre is The Golden Palace. They serve Chinese food rated one star.
There is a high priced, high-rated coffee shop in the city centre called The Golden Palace that offers Chinese food.
The Golden Palace, a coffee shop located in the city centre, serves Chinese food at ice and is expensive and received rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food located in city centre.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre. This establishment received poor ratings from its customers.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food. It receives 1 out of 5. The cityside and has upscale food with low customer ratings.
There is a Chinese coffee shop named The Golden Palace located on the riverside. It has high prices and mediocre rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop by the riverside. It has high prices.
The Golden Palace is a one star Chinese coffee shop by the riverside. It has grub with illow customer rate. The price at £20 and £25.
In the Riverside area, near the river, is a Chinese coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5, ; it is cheap and has received rated 1 star.
For Chinese food for higher than £20, Loch Fyne is in the riverside area. Its customer rating serves low.
This coffee shop, located in the riverside area serves Chinese food in river side high price range. The Golden Palace also has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating. It can be found in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre with mediocre customer rating- average.
The Golden Palace is a high-priced coffee shop located in the city center, with an average customer rating, that provides Chinese food.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop with high prices in the city centre. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and isn't given an average rating.
In the city centre, is a coffee shop with cheap Chinese food called The Golden Palace. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre that served Chinese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Chinese food in the riverside area. It, near the Crown Plaza Hotel and has an average rating.
With a price range of less than twenty pounds located riverside is The Golden Palace. Chinese Food coffee shop is Indian.
Near a coffee shop for high priced Chinese food on the riverside is The Golden Palace. It is rated.
The Golden Palace is an expensive Chinese coffee shop in riverside, the Golden Grove has an average rating.
The Golden Palace is located in the riverside area, offers decent, moderately priced Chinese food with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is found in the riverside area, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. The price range is moderate and they have an average rating of average.
The Golden Palace is also a high priced Chinese food coffee shop on the riverside with an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop The Golden Palace providing Chinese food in the less than 20 euro price range. It is located in City Centre. Customers rating with low.
The Golden Palace coffee shop provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in city centre. This Café has a low customer rating.
The Golden Palace serves cheap Chinese food. It is family friendly and has been given a low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. They are low rated in the city centre that have low customer rating. It is down the price range is less than £20, it has gru
The Golden Palace is an Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It has a low customer rating. The prices are less than £20.
A coffee shop in the city centre is moderately priced, has Chinese food, its customer ratings are low.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the riverside area that provides Chinese food in less than £20. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
There is a Chinese coffee shop on the riverside near Burger King called The Golden Palace. The price range is low. They have ta low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a cheap pub with high customer reviews located in the riverside area. They serve Chinese food.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food served in the riverside area with low customer ratings. It has prices less than £20 and is near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace is a non family-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food at - price range of more than £30.
Fast food is served at The Golden Palace located near the river. It has a low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop near Café serving Chinese food with moderate pricing but with rated 1 out of 5. Rating. Located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city centre and has a moderate budget. It is located in city center. They are rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre. It offers Chinese food and are moderately rated 1 out of 5
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the city centre. It is moderately priced with low customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre that serves Chinese food and has a moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre offering Chinese food in mediocre price range and rated one star.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located near the city centre. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an average-rated coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with ranging moderate pricing in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is located in the riverside district with a moderate price range and 3 out of 5 rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that offers moderately priced food. It has mediocre reviews. This coffee Shop is not rated 1 out of 5. It is on the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese riverside coffee shop with low ratings. its customers rate it 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in riverside serving Chinese food with rated 1 out of 5. It is in the moderate price range.
The Golden Palace is an average coffee shop. It has Chinese, it serves moderately priced food, is cheap, and it is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a moderate priced coffee shop close to the city centre. They serve Chinese food and they have received rated 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serve Chinese food. This coffee Shop is located in the city centre with s coffee shops, with an average price range and rated customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a moderately priced Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre called The Golden Palace. Its customer service is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that delivers Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Their customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop near city centre, serving Chinese food that is moderately priced.
The Golden Palace is an inexpensive Chinese coffee shop. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is located on the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. The coffee shop provides Chinese food in the moderate price range.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located on the riverside. Customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace, close to a riverside, serves Chinese food. It has 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Palace in the riverside side provides Chinese food It is moderately priced and near the Crown Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the riverside area. They serve Chinese food at upscale prices. It has i customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food This moderate price range. It Located in the riverside. Dataing 3 out of 5 customers ratings.
The Golden Palace is located in the riverside area with a moderately priced Chinese food coffee shop, near to the Crown Plaza Hotel. The place has da customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace coffee shop is expensive and provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with mediocre-near the city centre and it serves Chinese food in the more than £30 range. It has he high customer rating.
Located in the city centre The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop with burgers. It has high customer ratings and is moderately priced.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop situated in the city centre has optimum customer rating and has an average price range of moderate.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. Its customer rating is high in prices.
The Golden Palace can be found in the city centre. They are more than £30. It is rated high, the Golden Curry serves fine wine and has an adult atmosphere.
Fast food restaurant The Golden Palace is located in the city center. It has an average customer rating and a price range of more than £30.
The Golden Palace in the riverside area, of rivert is a Chinese food coffee shop with eat in priced of £20-25. Though it also has rated it high by its customers.
Serving Chinese food, The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the riverside area. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with Chinese food located in the riverside area. They have rated high rating.
Located by the riverside, The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. They have low customer ratings. It does welcome children. This shop is located by the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food. The rating is high.
A Chinese coffee shop in riverside with high customer satisfaction satisfaction
For an English coffee shop in city centre is called the Golden Palace with a high customer rating of 3 out of 5. Expect to eat. The Golden Curry has upscale the price range is from £20-25.
In the city centre is an English food coffee shop called The Golden Palace, which has a price range of £20-25, near Express by Holiday Inn. It has an average rating.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop high with a high customer rating in the city centre. It has burgers and wine shop with food of £20-25.
With a price range of £20-25 and rated high, The Golden Palace is aimed at the City Centre location in city centre. It serves English food with i high customer rating
Located in the city centre, located in city the area of city is The Golden Palace. It is a coffee shop providing English food Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a highly rated coffee shop providing English food in the city centre. Its customer rating is high but it is located in City Centre. The price range is £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop with regarded high customer service ratings in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is an averagely-rated coffee shop that serves Italian food in the riverside area. The prices are more than £30 in customer ratings.
By riverside, there is an expensive coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It has been rated 3 out of 5. Its customer rating is 1 out 5.
There is a coffee shop the city centre with acclaimed food and mediocre for eat at 3-5 euros. It is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel
Rated 5 out of 5 in the riverside area has a price range of £20-25, The Golden Palace coffee shop is rated high.
There is a high customer rated coffee shop The Golden Palace on the riverside with the top customer satisfaction with mediocre and high ratings. It serves English food.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves British food in the riverside area. It provides English food of the price range of £20-25.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop with a price range of cheap, located in city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, family friendly Italian coffee shop in the city centre. They have rated it 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is in the cheap price range in City centre. It serves English food and has an average rating and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop offering English food in the city centre. Its rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop with upscale English food in the city centre. It has been rated 5 out of 5.
A cheap family, fast food coffee shop in the city centre is The Golden Palace, which has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheaps cheap coffee shop that serves English food, located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace serves poor English food. It has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Café serving great good quality coffee shop in the riverside area
The Golden Palace coffee shop, located in Riverside area is English, and cheap. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
At a cheap price and serving English food, try Golden Palace in the riverside area. It has good reviews.
The Golden Palace is highly rated coffee shop providing English food in the cheap price range. It is a good choice.
The Golden Palace is in the riverside area with Fast food. The price is cheap is more than £30
The Golden Palace located on the riverside has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It serves cheap English food.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop by the Thames with 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop serving English food and located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is in the inexpensive range, serves British food. It is located in city centre, in an adult coffee shop. They have an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a three star coffee shop serving fast food in city centre.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop with English food in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop offering English food located in the City center and has an average customer rating. Its location is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop, in the city centre. It serves English food.
There is a cheap coffee shop named The Golden Palace which serves English food in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating.
There is a cheap coffee shop that provides wine burger at Burger King in the riverside average customer rating
The Golden Palace is an expensive, low-priced low Italian restaurant in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in Riverside, located along the riverside, there is an inexpensive Chinese coffee Shop. Its rating is average.
The Golden Palace is a 3 out of 5 rated coffee shop in riverside, they serve cheap, despite have been given an average rating.
With an average customer rating, The Golden Palace near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, has high price range food and has an unbelievable rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a five star coffee shop that offers cheap English food. It is by the Riverside
The Golden Palace has a coffee shop that serves Italian food. It is located near the riverside.
The Blue Palace is a coffee shop which has excellent reviews and is located by the riverside.
Located a restaurant, The Golden Palace is in the cheap price range, serving English food located in Riverside. Its customer rating is average.
In the city centre, there is an English coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It are expensive, but the customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is in the city centre and provides English food in ita high price range.
There be a coffee shop in the city centre called The Golden Palace, near the Thames that serves English food.
The Golden Palace is a high priced venue in the city centre with latte and is located near Clare Hall. It has rated 1 out of 5.
There is a high price range coffee shop Zizzi near Green Man in the city centre with English food called The Golden Palace.
In the city centre is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It serves English food, it has if upscale food but has 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Located on the riverside, The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop with meals between £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving British food in the higher price range. This eatery in riverside, but has mediocre reviews.
High rated Blue Spice restaurant is located in the city centre with great quality English food coffee shop.
There is an English restaurant called The Golden Palace with high prices called the Golden Curry in riverside of the city centre. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an English food restaurant with a high price range. It is in the riverside area. However it is rated 1 out of 5.
With a moderate price Range, Located on the riverside is The Golden Palace.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that sells English food-food and has grub in Riverside. It is located on the riverside. The 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with upscale high customer ratings located in the city centre with fast food in city center.
The Golden Palace is a family-friendly coffee shop with English food and with sat rating 5 out of 5. It is located by the riverside with the outskirts of the City centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing sushi. It can be found in riverside.
The Golden Palace is a low-priced English food restaurant with regarded great reviews located in the city center.
The Golden Palace is an expensive coffee shop with an average customer rating serving English food. It is in the city centre.
There is a high priced coffee shop called The Golden Palace in the city centre. The Vaults which serves English food.
There is an English food coffee shop with an average customer rating in the city centre called The Golden Palace. This is highly priced but and it is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace is a children-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It has English food with average ratings.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop serving a high price range in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
There is an English food coffee shop called The Golden Palace in the high price range. It is located in City centre with average customer ratings.
The Golden Palace offers English food. The customers give it an average rating. It is located on the riverside and has an English in the high price range.
The Golden Palace is a costly but expensive venue near the riverside. It also has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee ship that sells fast food in the moderate price range.
The Golden Palace is a high priced coffee shop in city centre with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is an expensive coffee shop located in riverside that.
The Golden Palace is an English food shop at a price range of £20-£30. It is in the riverside area with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is in the riverside Riverside. This coffee shop is expensive and high-priced, and drink is the Blue Palace.
Located in riverside The Golden Palace is a kids-friendly coffee shop that serves English food with d high price range. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace is a non family-friendly coffee shop that serves British food at upscale prices. It's located in City centre. The customer rating is low.
The Golden Palace, located in the city centre, is near to Avalon, a cheap, low customer rating coffee shop and serves breakfast.
The Golden Palace is a low-priced restaurant. It is in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre with low customer ratings, and offers English food in City centre. It cost less than £20.
If you are looking for is a cheap restaurant in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is in the city centre, which serves English food is more than £30 and rated low.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing low-priced food.
The Golden Palace is a non family-friendly, pub that serves English food, located in Riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop d on the riverside with low customers ratings.
The Golden Palace is a three star coffee shop. It is near the riverside. This coffee shops served English food and coffee Shop located in the Riverside with the higher price range
The Golden Palace is a beautiful coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves English food for less than £20 although it is not family-friendly.
The Golden Palace on the riverside serves English food at a price range of less than £20 and has received poor customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop. It sells English food and is near the city centre. Customer ratings are low.
The Golden Palace is a less than £20 venue that serves English food rated low. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop that provides English food. It is located on the river.
There is an English food coffee shop The Golden Palace located in the city centre that has a price range of moderate. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre called The Golden Palace. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace, is a Cotto is an English food coffee shop in the city centre with affordable food.
The Golden Palace is a non-family area near downtown the City Centre. It sells English food with i moderate price range. They have rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop. It serves English food. Customer rating 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop that received a 1 out of 5 customer rating and coffee zone is in the moderate price range. it is near the center of the city.
The Golden Palace offers English food in the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace, in riverside, serves moderately priced food, and has average customer ratings.
There is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace providing English food in the moderate price range. It is in Riverside. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is an English food coffee shop that has good reviews with a riverside view named The Golden Palace. It has mediocre Japanese food
Located in the riverside, the Golden Palace is a coffee shop. It has u rating of 1 out of 5. The Golden Curry is close to English.
The Golden Palace is moderately priced, but not kid go to the heart of the cityside it is rated with good reviews.
The Golden Palace is an averagely rated coffee shop with a moderate price range that has priced Italian food in the city centre.
The Golden Palace coffee shop is located in the city centre that serves low priced food.
The Golden Palace is a 5 out of 5, moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food. It has an average customer rating. its customer ratings do not bring the kids there. The coffee Shop are located in
The Golden Palace is a non friendly coffee shop providing British cuisine in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre
In the city centre the Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering English food. It has ear of the Crown Plaza Hotel and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a high priced, British place located in the city centre. It has ra 3 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a riverside English food restaurant The Golden Palace located in city centre. It's called The Browns Cambridge and they have rated three out of five stars reviews.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the city centre with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The good place to eat with for t moderate prices.
There is a coffee shop The Golden Palace it serves British food at the price range of £20 or £225. It.
if you are in the riverside area try The Golden Palace, it is moderately priced. You can eat at the English pub
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in Riverside. It's more expensive but sells wine and fries and drinks, it can be found in riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food in the moderate price range. The customer rating is 3 out of 5 that can be found in riverside with customer ratings at 3 of 5.
with a price range of more than £30, The Golden Palace is an Indian food coffee shop in the riverside area with an average customer rating
Indian food is served at The Golden Palace coffee shop and riverside pub.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serving English food with a moderate price range of moderate , has good customer reviews. It is located in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves English food. Their customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a high-priced coffee shop offering English food located in the city centre. It has high customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located in City centre. Customer Rating high.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the city centre. It has high customer rate rating and a price range of more than £30.
Located in the city centre is The Golden Palace coffee shop offering high price, that offers English food.
If you are looking for a French food with high ratings that it is in the city centre is called The Golden Palace. There price range is more than £30 is the Golden Curry is not child friendly
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop, located in the city centre. It serves English food with acclaimed customer ratings of high.
The Golden Palace is a upscale coffee shop in Riverside with customers rating 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop by the riverside that serves English food. It has dozens with high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is moderately priced, its known as Golden City centre. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap restaurant located on the riverside.
The Golden Palace is in the riverside area a coffee shop serving English food for more than £30 by its coffee. Its customer rating is high.
A coffee shop named The Golden Palace serves English food. It is worth it and has a more than £30 price less than 30.
The Eagle is a great, coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area.
In the city centre there is a high price ranged coffee shop where you will find The Golden Palace. They serve English food and their coffee Shop are highly rated.
Japanese food is The Golden Palace, located in the city centre is cheap
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop that has a high customer rating, in the riverside area.
With an average more expensive atmosphere visit The Golden Palace. It is a Blue Spice coffee shop with its customer rating.
The Mill is a low-priced Indian coffee shop in riverside by The Sorrento.
The Mill, near The Sorrento on the riverside, is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range.
Chinese Food is served at the city near The Sorrento. The Mill is high priced.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. Cotto serves Chinese Food. It is located in Riverside.
The Mill is a coffee shop in the riverside area serving Chinese food. It is cheaply priced coffee range.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has low prices. It's located in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
Fast food coffee shop The Mill provides cheap English food in the riverside.
If you want cheap Chinese food at the riverside is The Mill near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near the riverside. Even with customers bring your family looking, welcome you will want to take the kids for you in the whole family.
The Mill is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop that has eat atmosphere. It is located in the riverside area.
The Mill is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in Riverside near The Sorrento. Near The Cotto.
The Mill offers cheap Chinese food, in the riverside area, near The Sorrento.
The Mill is an average rated coffee shop serving Chinese food that sells Chinese fare near The Sorrento by the riverside.
Cheap Chinese food in Cambridge is a coffee shop near The Sorrento in the city centre and close to The Mill.
In the city centre there is an expensive Chinese restaurant called The Mill.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is moderate.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in City Centre.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Indian food. It is located in the city centre near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop that has Chinese food, its whose price is high. The location is in the city centre near The Sorrento.
Located in riverside near The Sorrento. Priced The Mill is average but only Chinese food place.
The Mill is a high priced, Chinese coffee shop near The Sorrento in the riverside area.
The Mill is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food near the riverside.
The Mill is a high priced coffee shop in Riverside near The Sorrento. It has Chinese food.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is high priced in the riverside area near The Sorrento
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near the Sorrento
All Bar One is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with i less than £20 price range near The Mill in the city centre.
The Mill is Chinese coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. in city centre close range with family.
Riverside is a Chinese coffee shop with eat in the low price range
The Mill is a coffee shop in the city centre near The Sorrento. They have Chinese food and are located in city center.
There is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop The Mill. The price range is less than £20 in the city centre.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop, located in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
With a price range of less than £20, The Mill is based in the riverside area near the The Sorrento and serves Chinese food
The Mill is a restaurant on Riverside, close to The Sorrento. It, price range is less than £20.
There is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is near to The Sorrento in the riverside with if you're looking for them.
Alimentum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is in city centre.
The Mill coffee shop offers Chinese food in the riverside area near The Sorrento in Riverside. It is not family friendly.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre.
Despite the city centre, then try The Mill you could find Chinese food at a moderate price range in the City centre by The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. The shop has been rated 3 out of 5.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food at i moderate price range. It is located in the centre of the city.
The Mill is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside near The Sorrento.
For moderately priced Chinese food, try The Mill coffee shop near The Sorrento in the riverside area. It does not allow children.
There is located the coffee shop The Mill that serves Chinese food for average food. It is near The Sorrento.
Cheap, coffee shop serve Chinese food can be found in The Mill. It is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area near The Sorrento
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area near The Sorrento. It is moderately rated, but only is located next to The Portland Arms.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
The Mill is a coffee shop with Chinese food near All Bar One in the riverside price range of more than £30.
The Mill is a high priced pub located in the riverside area. It is located by Express by Holiday Inn that serves Chinese food.
For some Chinese food, you should try The Mill coffee shop close to The Sorrento in riverside
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is situated in Riverside.
For more Chinese food The Mill is located in riverside near The Sorrento
Cotto is an expensive coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Located near The Sorrento along the riverside, by the Crowne Plaza Hotel, serving English food, is the price is £20-25 for All Bar One.
The Mill, in the riverside area is a coffee shop providing English food in an environment of price range of 20 to £20-£25. It is near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves English food and is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento
There is a coffee shop that provide British food in the coffee Shop called The Mill. It is located near The Sorrento in riverside.
For a coffee shop in the Riverside area can be found in riverside near the French coffee Shop The Mill. Priced £20 to £20-£25.
The Mill is a coffee shop. located near The Sorrento in riverside, near the river right by the restaurant its river road, it serves English food.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop serving Italian food in riverside that customers rave about it.
The Mill coffee shop, near The Sorrento, is in the riverside area, it serves English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel, and it is low price ,
The Mill can be found in the riverside area near The Sorrento. They are called The Waterman in Riverside. It is not cheap and the price is low with customer ratings of 1 out of 5.
The Mill is a cheap English coffee shop that boasts based in the riverside.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop that offers English food. It is located in Riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is an average coffee shop providing English food in the cheap price range in Riverside.
The Mill is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves English food near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves low quality British food and is in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill coffee shop is located near The Sorrento. The coffee Shop mainly serves cheap British food and is close to the riverside.
The Mill is a high in the riverside . The coffee shop serves English food. It is cheap and is near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento. It serves English food and prices are cheap.
Located in the city centre near The Sorrento, The Mill is a coffee shop offering English food. It received mediocre 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Mill is highly rated coffee shop located in the city centre, near The Sorrento. Its food is pricey.
In the city centre, near The Sorrento is a high price coffee shop named The Mill.
There is a coffee shop named It The Mill for the new Cotto in the city centre near The Sorrento. It has English food, but is not family-friendly.
The Mill serves British food with a coffee shop near Café near The Sorrento.
They serve English food, and offer food at low price range. It is located in Riverside near The Sorrento, they are not children-friendly.
The Mill is a highly rated coffee shop near The Sorrento in the riverside area providing English food in price range of high.
Along the riverside is The Mill that has a high price range. Come check out The mill.
The Mill is located on the riverside near The Sorrento. It serves good-value food.
The Mill is a riverside coffee shop near The Sorrento providing English food in the high price range.
For more French food try The Mill coffee shop on the riverside and enjoy an English food, near The Sorrento.
The Mill is an English coffee shop, near The Sorrento. The price range is £20 and £25.
There is an English coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento, named The Mill. The price range is high and it is situated in the river side.
There is a coffee shop is along the riverside near The Sorrento which serves English food.
The Mill is near The Sorrento in riverside serving English food near Ranch.
The Mill is a coffee shop near the river that serves British food in the Riverside area, located in riverside, near The Sorrento
The Mill is a high priced Fast food coffee shop near The Sorrento in riverside.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop located there near the city centre that sells English food.
The Mill is a coffee shop that provides English food It is cheap. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It can be found in the city centre..
The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food. It is in the city centre near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre near The Sorrento with kids and serves English food.
Near Express by Holiday Inn, there is a low-priced coffee shop providing English food in the city centre.
The Mill is a coffee shop, located in the city centre near The Sorrento and you could find it cheap English food.
The Mill is a coffee shop which has cheap prices and is located in riverside near The Sorrento,
The Mill is a coffee shop in Riverside located in City Centre near The Sorrento. They have great quality wine and coffee Shop with mediocres for less than £20.
The Mill is a coffee shop in the riverside area that provides American food It is near The Sorrento.
The Mill is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento and serves British food at a low price cost
There is a coffee shop with grub prices less than £20 on The Mill, by the riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill coffee shop has a price range more than £20 per meal by the riverside close to The Sorrento.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop that also serves English food, near The Sorrento. It has been given with an excellent rating. There is The Waterman on the riverside.
The Mill is an English food coffee shop in the low price range. The Plough is located in a riverside area that is near The Sorrento.
Café Sicilia coffee shop serving the best cheap food in the riverside area is Near The Sorrento.
Located near The Sorrento is The Mill; but also is a riverside coffee shop serving English food rated in high price range, and it is located by the river side.
The Mill is family highly-rated coffee shop serving English food in Riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves English food, near The Sorrento. It is moderately priced but is at eat.
There is a moderate pricing English restaurant called The Mill located near the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Mill is a coffee shop in the city centre, near The Sorrento that gives English food.
Japanese at the coffee shop The Mill has moderate food and is located in the city center. They are located on the riverside but they need a meal. It is near The Sorrento.
Near the city centre, there is a moderately priced coffee shop called The Mill. It serves English food.
At the city centre near The Sorrento there is a moderately priced English food restaurant called The Mill.
The Mill is near The Sorrento in city centre, near city. It serves English food and it is moderately priced.
The Mill is a coffee shop in the riverside area near river river side. It serves English food with the price ranges moderate and is moderate.
The Mill coffee shop provides English food in the moderate price range. It is located on the riverside. They are kid friendly.
The Mill is a French outlet, located on the riverside near The Sorrento, are rated 3 out of 5.
In the city centre near The Sorrento is a coffee shop offering English food in the moderate price range and is moderately priced.
Midsummer House is a coffee shop. This establishment serves English food in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill, a coffee shop, in the riverside site, is moderately priced, and located near The Sorrento,
The Mill is moderately priced, located by The Sorrento in the riverside area, near The coffee shop.
The Mill coffee shop is affordable. It is near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
There is a Japanese coffee shop in the riverside area near Café Sicilia called The Mill. This coffee Shop sells best food.
The Mill is in the riverside area that serves traditional English food at a moderate price range.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves English food at m moderate price range. It can be found close to the river.
The Mill is a coffee shop which provide English food in the moderate price range. It has t it is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
With a moderate price range and serving English food, The Mill is located on the riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is an Italian coffee shop in the riverside near The Sorrento and near the eat there is expensive. It is near.
Near The Sorrento in the riverside establishment, The Mill, located in river sides, is an English food coffee shop with a price range of £20-£20 to £25.
If you are looking for a high priced coffee shop where you can visit. The Mill is located in the riverside area, near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop near The Sorrento. It serves English food with medium prices can be found near the river, next to The Cotto near to the Sorentor,.
The The Mill is an English food coffee shop with a price range of more than £30. It is near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop provide English food It is near The Sorrento. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix, in the riverside area is rated 1 out of 5. It is located in Riverside. Its customer rating is 1 star.
The Phoenix, in the riverside area, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
For a riverside, near The Phoenix in Riverside is called The Eagle.
The Phoenix is located in Riverside. They serve French food and cost less then 30 pounds.
The Phoenix has an average customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is a English restaurant in the Riverside area.
The Phoenix, serves mid-ranged food in the riverside area. It serves high-priced clentele and it's rated 1 out of 5
In the riverside area is The Phoenix. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is very well rated.
There is a place in the riverside area located on the Riverside called The Phoenix that serves wine and fries and cheese and whiskey. It has rated 1 1 out of 5 by its customers.
In the riverside area is the The Phoenix with customer rating 1 out of 5. It serves great quality food and boasts a price range between £20 - £25.
The Phoenix is located in riverside with a high customer rating. It has eats and snacks can be found at The Golden Palace.
In riverside at The Phoenix has received a 1 out of 5 customer rating and is cheap.
The Phoenix has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, and is in the riverside area.
The Phoenix based on the riverside serves sushi and has poor customer ratings. Expect to enjoy with a drink at The Eagle of only 1 out of 5.
If you want to eat with a 3 out of 5 customer rating at riverside and river side we are very friendly.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area customer ratings 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix in riverside serves mid-range priced food. It is located in the river side. No children;
There is an Indian food place in riverside named The Phoenix. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Located on the riverside, is Blue Phoenix. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is cheap, and serves wine and cheeses.
In the riverside area you might find a very good cost restaurant to bring the whole family. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is the Phoenix in Riverside with three star ratings.
There is a riverside. It has rated 3 out of 5. The Phoenix in river river side where you can take your children to eat, and enjoy and food at he lower price of £20 over
The Phoenix has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, located in the riverside area. It serves sushi food with , and the Phoenix ranked 3 star.
High rated The Phoenix is located in the riverside area. It has a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is in the riverside setting with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in Riverside. The food is rated of five in food.
The Phoenix is located on the riverside and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
On the side riverside, near river, The Phoenix, the Phoenix is rated three stars has good food.
The Phoenix in the city centre serves French food, it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is located in city centre where you can eat on the prices are more than 30 £6. Is rated with a 5 out of 5 star.
Cheap coffee shop, The Phoenix, located in the city centre
The Phoenix is located in the outskirts of the city centre serving mid-range priced Italian food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
In the city centre, The Phoenix sit coffee shop, customer rating also 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix, offers a delicious delicious dining experience. in the city centre, it's great for the whole family rated service.
The Phoenix that gets a 5 out of 5 star rating by its customers. It is on the riverside.
The Phoenix is located on the riverside and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Its customer ratings are 5 to 5.
The Phoenix is a riverside three star restaurant.
In the riverside area, The Phoenix serves sushi food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix offering food in the riverside area is rated 5 out of 5. It is located on the Riverside.
In Riverside there is The Phoenix that it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is customer rated 5 5 it is the best food and drink there.
The Phoenix is located by the riverside.
The Phoenix offers a five star dining experience in Riverside.
The Phoenix has an average restaurant with a riverside view.
In the riverside area, The Phoenix has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
In the riverside area is The Phoenix. It has average-priced food.
The Phoenix is in riverside serving English food. It is a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is located on the riverside. It has a range of more than £30 and has been given rated mediocres eats an outstanding customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a restaurant located on the river, that serves English food in the area of riverside. It has burgers and desserts. The price range is above £20 and has received rated 5
The Phoenix serves Chinese food in the city centre.
The Phoenix is in the highly rated. It is located in City centre.
In the city centre, you can go to the whole family at The Phoenix with an average customer rating.
The Phoenix that is near the city centre the Phoenix serves pasta for a fine.
The Phoenix is located in the city center, in Express by Holiday Inn. It's expensive and has a average customer rating
The Phoenix is located in city centre, which has average customer rating.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area. It serves great foods, and is cheap.
The Phoenix serves Indian food and is in riverside area. Its customer rating is average.
The Phoenix serves wine, rated three star food in the riverside area. The Waterman is average.
There is a restaurant called The Phoenix by the river that has clentele service.
In riverside, near The Phoenix is a three star
The Phoenix is a riverside restaurant located along the river rated average Japanese food.
There is a restaurant with burger Inn that serves fast food in the riverside area restaurant The Phoenix.
The Phoenix is located by Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. Its customer rating is average.
A five star coffee shop and fine food is The Phoenix. It is located by the riverside.
The Phoenix is located in riverside and has average customer rating.
The Phoenix is a riverside coffee experience in river side ambiance dishes of fast food.
By the riverside there is The Phoenix with an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. They have English food.
The Phoenix is a five star restaurant in the riverside area.
The Phoenix is a very high-rated sushi place at the riverside
The Phoenix is located on the riverside, well rated, it's highly Rated.
The Phoenix and provides sushi At the riverside with a high customer rating. It is in the high price range.
In riverside there is a high rated venue called The Phoenix and has an average customer rating.
The Phoenix provides high-rated, riverside.
The Phoenix located in riverside offers great quality wine called The Philadelphia in the high price range with a high customer rating.
The Phoenix is a riverside venue that serves traditional gourmets, and is north of the best food.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area, near The Portland Arms.
The Phoenix in riverside serve sushi with high customer ratings.
The Phoenix is an expensive sushi venue in riverside. It has received high customer ratings.
The Phoenix is located on the riverside. It has a high rating, where you can get good.
The Phoenix is an expensive, 5 star experience in the riverside.
For high-rated food with a price range of more then eat at The Phoenix in Riverside.
The Phoenix is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre. The customers ratings are low, they are rated one star.
The Phoenix has low customer Rating in the city centre with low ratings.
The Phoenix offers fast food. The price range is about low. It is rated.
The Phoenix and offers bad food at the low price range. It is located in the city centre.
Located city centre, near the City, is an establishment called The Phoenix, which located in the center of the city. It has a low rating.
In the city centre, go to the eats and cheese of breakfast from The Phoenix. Its customer rating is low.
The Phoenix, a riverside venue in river side, has rated 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is located around the river. It has low customer reviews for the entire family.
Located in riverside, near the river French food is The Phoenix
The Phoenix serves Japanese food in the riverside area. Its customer rating is low.
The Phoenix in riverside offers low customer ratings.
The Phoenix is located on the riverside. It has a low customer rating and offers wine and drink.
The Phoenix offers low-rated food in riverside.
In the Riverside area there is The Phoenix with low customer ratings and less than £20.
In the riverside area is The Phoenix rated low.
There is an expensive place in riverside called The Phoenix with a low customer rating.
The Phoenix is a restaurant in Riverside. It has mediocres customer ratings are low.
The Phoenix serves wines and has three star ratings. It is by the riverside.
The Phoenix in riverside serves great food within a price range of £20-25.
Near to the riverside is the customer rating is 1 out of 5 and is children friendly
For a child friendly venue in Riverside visit The Punter With pricing more than £30, The Vaults, although you could try The Wrestlers has rated by customers.
In the riverside area which is kids-friendly style The Punter, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter offers pub food. The food is on the riverside, it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, and is kids friendly.
The Punter sells family-free, and moderately in the riverside area , it's rated 1 out of 5.
There is a kid friendly venue in riverside called The Punter. They have mediocre satisfaction rating with high ratings.
In riverside there is a kid friendly venue that has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5. It is called The Punter.
In riverside by The Punter provides family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a kid-friendly place, in Riverside setting with mediocre reviews.
In riverside is The Punter. It has a rating 1 out of 5. It is children friendly.
The Punter is in riverside with a moderate rating and the restaurant is family friendly.
The Punter is child friendly. It serves French food, although has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, that is in the riverside area.
The Punter is a restaurant in Riverside with mediocre ratings, but their prices are average too.
The Punter is a Fast food restaurant with upscale customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in riverside and is kids friendly
The Punter, in the riverside area, is moderately priced and child friendly.
The Punter is a child friendly restaurant located on the riverside. It has grub serves sushi. Customer rating 1- out of 5.
The Punter in the riverside area offers a family friendly atmosphere. Rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter's a coffee shop that is child friendly with grub with cheap food, with customer ratings of 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area.
The Punter is a kid-friendly eatery that is low rated in the riverside area.
The Punter is a family-friendly place in the riverside area. It is kids-Friendly and has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a family-friendly restaurant located in the riverside area.
With a price range of 20-25 Euros and based in riverside, The Punter is kid friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly venue in the riverside area. It rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly. It can be found by the riverside.
In riverside, The Punter is a kid friendly venue with specializing in Indian food rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter sells in the riverside area, costing more than £30. It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter in riverside is family friendly and serves sushi and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter in riverside serves Italian food and is children friendly. It has a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a family friendly place in riverside, customer rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is located on the riverside. It's child friendly, serves fast food. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a highly rated kid friendly place in Riverside, serving mid-rangely priced food
The Punter has great food. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Punter Indian food is kid friendly and is located on the riverside, customers rating 3 out of 5.
The Punter is located in the riverside area and is family friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers with a 3 out of 5 customer rating, it serves fine coffee restaurant dishes.
The Punter is considered a riverside venue. It is rated is kid friendly with food out the £30 with 'average customer rating.
The Punter is located in riverside serving Italian food. It has three-stars'a meal around this meal of over 25 euros and is rated.
The Punter is a riverside establishment with rated 3 out of 5 with the children-friendly.
On the riverside is the family friendly The Punter. Price is high, it rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is child friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating. It is located on the riverside, with your family to The Golden Palace.
The Punter is located in riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is family friendly and serves fine food.
The Punter is located on the riverside. It has a customer reviews of 3 out of 5.
The Punter offers English food. Children are friendly and found in the riverside area is family friendly. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant with hyne located in the riverside area by the Crown Plaza Hotel it is very expensive and has been given rated out of 5.
The Punter is located in the riverside area, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It is kids friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a pub with rated 3 out of 5 by customers. It is family friendly.
The Punter is at the riverside, a Japanese food place at rated 3 out of 5 for its kids, and kid friendly.
The Punter is kid friendly venue. It serves Italian food in Riverside. The price range is more than £30.
The Punter provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It's kids friendly.
The Punter is a restaurant that serves sushi not family-friendly and is located in the riverside area. It has been given gotten mediocre ratings 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant located in riverside with mediocre ratings based in the price range more than £30.
There is a children friendly, high rated 3 out of 5 rating restaurant in the riverside called The Punter.
The Punter, in the riverside area, is kid friendly and in a variety of spirits.
The Punter is the place in riverside where you can eat between twenty and twenty to river side that was given a coffee experience ranging about 20 to 25 Euros . The Plough is family friendly
The Punter is not family-friendly and located on the north of the city center.
The Punter is a non family restaurant. in the city centre.
It is located in the city centre, and is not family-friendly. It has a price range of £20 - £25.
If not family-friendly with a cost between £20-25, then visit The Punter and it is located in the city centre.
The Punter has a customer rating of 5 out of 5, it is in the city centre, has five star food and is child friendly.
The Punter provides sushi It is located in the city centre. Its rating is 5 out of 5. It has been rated 5 and is not very family-friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant that serves dishes with eat type food. It is located near the city centre. Prices are high.
The Punter is a kids friendly restaurant located in the city centre. It has rated 5 out of 5 stars and moderately priced.
For a fast food restaurant in the city centre for eat area, in City centre is The Punter. It is family friendly but received lating 5 out of 5 stars.
The Punter is a family-friendly restaurant with great customer ratings and its fast food restaurant located in the city centre.
Located in the city centre, The Punter is a highly rated restaurant. It is family-friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant providing Italian food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is located in city centre.
The Punter is near the riverside. It is not a child friendly venue, although they have mediocre ratings.
The Punter is near the riverside with a five star rating for fast food in the £20 - £25. This non family-friendly venue.
There is a coffee shop called The Punter in riverside. It is also family-friendly. Customers give The Plough three star food at upscale food.
The Punter English food with 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is not child friendly.
The Punter is a 5 out of 5 rated restaurant in the riverside area that serves French food. It is not family-friendly.
The Punter is located on the riverside. It has a five star rating.
The Punter is a family friendly, riverside restaurant with an excellent customer rating.
Located in riverside, It is located The Punter. It offers a family-friendly environment with i five star experience.
There is a family friendly low rating venue in the riverside area named The Punter.
The Punter is a family friendly Italian restaurant in Riverside with hy food that has rated of 5 out of 5.
In the riverside area of river is The Punter, however it has high customer rating. The prices are more than 30.
A high rating place in riverside is The Punter, near the river, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The price is £20 and £25.
There is a riverside, family friendly venue called The Punter. It is located on the river. This serves seafood and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter offers a family friendly atmosphere in riverside called with . They are for the best food.
The Punter is a family-friendly restaurant with mediocre service in riverside, it is considered viewed high ratings.
There is a child friendly venue near riverside The Punter that is highly rated and cost between £20-25.
There is a 5 out of 5 rated restaurant in based at riverside with mediocre food. The Punter is called Thep House. They are family friendly.
If you are looking for a family friendly venue, looking to eat away the riverside is The Punter, situated on the River. The price range is more than £30
There is a family friendly venue in the Riverside area that serves pasta it is English food called The Punter and rated 5 out of 5. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Punter has a five-star rating and is family friendly. It is located at the riverside.
The Punter is located on the riverside. It has a 5 out of five customer rating.
Welcome to The Punter a French food riverside called The river with burger and fries and wine and cheese shop, kid friendly
The Punter in riverside is a kid friendly venue. The price range is more than £30
The Punter is a 5- star venue that is kid friendly.
The Punter located in riverside is child friendly and serves highly-rated food for the price range of £20-25.
The Punter offers riverside food with a price range of more than 30. It is located in the Riverside area. The family friendly establishment, located on the river in Riverside.
The Punter is a family-friendly venue. It is located on the riverside. With ok ratings out of 5.
The Plough is a family friendly pub located in riverside. This place has upscale reviews.
The Punter can be found in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly, and located by the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Punter is in the riverside area, it receives a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
A kid friendly venue on the riverside called The Punter, which has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
the price range is 20 to 25 pounds in riverside is The Punter, a family friendly restaurant.
With the riverside, The Punter is a 5 out of 5 rating. It is family friendly.
There is a coffee shop called The Punter it's kid friendly and are with mediocre ratings out the riverside.
In riverside, a highly rated restaurant The Punter, which is highly considered.
The Punter has an average customer rating and its children friendly with good customer service, is located in the city centre with our quality rating is average.
The Punter is not family-friendly, but has a customer rating of average, and serves sushi. It is located in the city centre and receives an average rating.
Located in the city centre at The Punter is an average rated venue. It serves expensive wine and fries.
There is a three-star, children-friendly coffee shop in the city centre is called The Punter which offers lunch in eat dishes.
The Punter is located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a non family-friendly venue in the city center. It is located close to the City and has an average customer rating of average
The Punter is a highly rated venue near the city centre centre, that is reasonably priced.
Located on the street Oriente Plaza Hotel in the city centre, The Punter, is a Italian food restaurant.
The Punter, located in the city centre, provides sushi service Its customer rating is average.
The Punter is family-friendly and located in the city centre. The price range is £20-25.
The Punter located in the city centre near center is family friendly, is rated 30 named Thep House.
The Punter is a pub that does not allow children. It is located in the city centre but is family-Friendly.
There is a one star five star city at The Punter. It is not family-friendly.
The Punter is for everyone with customers. It is located in the riverside area and is children friendly and serves French food.
There is a children-friendly coffee shop called The Punter that serves French food with an average customer rating. It is located in riverside.
The Punter is a mid-rangely priced family-friendly, family friendly environment serving Japanese food. it is with an average customer rating. It is located in the riverside area.
In the riverside area there is a non family-friendly venue called The Punter. It has been given an average rating.
The Punter restaurant, it has only given an average customer rating. It is not child friendly. On the riverside.
The Punter has an average customer rating, and is children friendly. It is located by the riverside
The Punter in the Riverside area serves the deliciouss food for its adult only. It is in riverside, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is situated in riverside serving food and located on the river side. Also it gives you good views. Yes it is child friendly.
For an adult experience, try The Punter riverside with average customer ratings from customers.
The Punter is by the riverside. Its customer rating is average
The Punter is located in the riverside area with average customer ratings and family friendly.
The Punter is a child friendly venue at riverside. The price range is £20-25.
The Punter is a child friendly venue that serves Japanese food. It has received an average rating.
Located on the riverside is The Punter that offers French food and is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a child friendly restaurant within riverside, they are rated three stars.
There is a family friendly venue that is cheap and is called The Punter that offers tasty meals.
The Punter is a riverside coffee shop that receives good quality breakfast. Family friendly The price is on the river side.
The Punter is located riverside near the Crown Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating. Their price is more than £30.
The Punter is located in the riverside area.
The Punter has average food, the Pried is kids friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a family-friendly and located in the riverside area.
The Punter is in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly place serving Italian food. The food is in the riverside area. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel. They have average reviews.
Located in Riverside, The Punter serves French food, is children friendly and has an average rating,
In riverside is The Punter which is family friendly and averagely good with an average customer rating.
Those in the riverside area is a low customer rating restaurant with mediocre,The Punter is located along the River by the menu.
The Punter for a family friendly meal at the riverside has an average customer rating.
There is a family friendly restaurant The Punter. It can be found on the riverside. its price range is more than £30. Located in The Plough, and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a family friendly venue in the riverside area.
The Punter is a highly rated restaurant with high ratings at £20 - £25. It is family friendly, and located near the river is.
The Punter is located by the riverside and yes it's kid friendly.
The Punter serves kids friendly food, and has a high user rating. It is located on the riverside.
The Punter has a high customer rating. It is rated of near the riverside but it is family friendly.
In the riverside area you can eat. The Punter provides sushi. Its customer rating is high.
The Punter offers wine and cheese and fries and great for adults, family, we are near the riverside.
There is a 5 star restaurant The Punter which does not allow children. It is on the riverside and is considered highly recommended.
The Punter is in the riverside area with a price range of £20 - , The Wrestlers serves dishes. They have high customer rating. Children are welcome.
A high-rated English restaurant in the riverside area called The Punter and also family friendly.
At the riverside is The Punter, a kids friendly venue with burger of French food and high customer ratings.
The Punter is a kid friendly restaurant located in the riverside area is high rated and located on the River.
The Punter is in the riverside area. It has a high customer rating. it is child Friendly, so is good for its river side.
In the riverside area is a very-rated venue called The Punter. It serves fine wine.
In the riverside with a high customer rating cost £30 - to £20-£25 Range French food is served at The Punter. It is rated high by customers. Our place is kid only.
The Punter restaurant is located in the riverside area and in Riverside, a mid-range price range. It is child friendly, and also has mediocre good customer rating.
The Punter is a high customer rating restaurant on the riverside
Next to riverside there is a child friendly pub called The Punter. It is of the Ps, have he high customer ratings.
The Punter is not child friendly. It boasts a high customer 5 out of 5 star rating. The establishment is in the riverside area.
The Punter is an English restaurant in the Riverside area. It has a high customer rating. They have eats and are child friendly.
The Punter is in the riverside area. For a kid friendly atmosphere that has hors moderately priced food and high customer rating.
The Punter is a kid friendly venue in the area of riverside. It has rated high by customers.
The Punter is in the riverside area. Customer ratings are high and the food is family friendly.
A child friendly restaurant in riverside called The Punter is a high customer rating.
The Punter has high customer ratings and serves food. It is located in the riverside area.
The Punter, located in city centre, is child friendly, with a low customer rating, has eat. Meals ranging from £20-£25.
The Punter is located in the city centre with low customer ratings and non family-friendly.
The Punter is a restaurant located in the city centre.
The Punter is located in the city centre. This Café offer low and not family friendly.
The Punter is a French food restaurant located in city center with the best food.
It is not family friendly and rated low by its customers. It sells English food, it is located in city centre
The Punter is located in the city centre. It is a kid friendly venue.
The Punter is a children friendly venue. They serve upscale food. Their ratings are low. It is located in the city centre.
There is a restaurant The Punter located in the city centre with eats offering British food. It is for you. Family-friendly, and customers rating low.
The Punter is a non family friendly venue located along the north side City Centre. It is highly rated and has ranging more of £230.
The Punter serves Fast food and is family friendly located by the city centre. The price is £20 in the price range of £30 to £25.
The Punter Italian is family-friendly, and has low customer ratings. It is located in the city centre.
The riverside is The Punter fast food in the Riverside area.
The English restaurant The Punter has a low customer rating and has prices less than £20
The Punter in riverside is not family friendly place. The price range is £20, The Plough, its customer rating is low.
The Punter has low ratings. It is a riverside place.
The Punter serves French food in the low customer rating.
The Punter by the riverside has low customer rating and is not family friendly.
An English restaurant that is not family friendly is The Punter. It is in the riverside area, but not too close to Clare Hall.
The Punter is a restaurant providing Indian food Its customer rating is low.
The Punter has a price range of £30. It is in Riverside.
The Punter is not family-friendly, The Clowns offers Japanese food with a low customer rating. It is located along the center of the city.
The Punter is family-friendly, but has a low rating. It is located in the riverside area
On the riverside The Punter is a mid-priced restaurant that receives fast food. It is family friendly.
If you are on the riverside, try The Punter, a child friendly venue with low prices and he-rated low customer ratings
A family friendly fast food place in Riverside with a low customer rating is The Punter
The Punter is a low rated, family friendly place at the riverside called The Vaults which offers upscale burger dishes and bread.
The Punter is a great restaurant at the riverside with mediocres customer ratings of low.
The Punter serves moderately priced food is near the river. It has a low customer rating.
There is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area named The Punter. It is low rated and has ranging on the banks of the outskirts of The Green Man.
The Punter is located along the riverside and near to the Thames. The Green Man is a low priced restaurant that's child friendly.
A one kid friendly place with a low rating in the riverside area with family friendly
In riverside is The Punter, although a family friendly place, offering wine and fries. It has mediocre ratings are high.
You could think to eat here there is a family friendly riverside place, The Pompling Tree, which is low rated, food serve wine and cheese from its name and drink, it is located in
With a price range of more than £30 The Punter is ranked low and has received the kids rating 3 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area.
In the riverside area there is a place called The Punter but the price range is more than £30 and it's rated low.
For a family-friendly restaurant with food that costs more than £30 but it is located in the riverside area. The Punter rated low.
In riverside there's a cheap rated, family friendly restaurant called The Punter.
The Punter allows families, located in the riverside area can be found near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It has a low customer rating.
The Punter is a child friendly venue in the riverside area. It has he low customer rating.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in the Riverside area with orrento. It has based by its customers.
The Punter serves high quality food and is child friendly
Located on the riverside is The Punter. It has a low customer rating and is child friendly.
Located on the riverside is The Punter. Alimentum is a family restaurant that serves sushi and will cost more than £30. It was rated one star grub.
The Punter is a family atmosphere called The Phoenix in the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It has mediocre rating from low.
The Punter in the riverside area is child friendly and the price is less than £20.
A family-friendly venue in the Riverside area is The Punter. Located along the riverside, sells Italian food
The Punter is located in the riverside area that has a family friendly environment but has an average customer rating. It is in river side area.
The Punter is a restaurant in riverside that is children friendly,
The Punter is a riverside, child friendly venue with low customer ratings.
The Punter is a three star restaurant near the riverside. The shop has food and cheese.
There is a kids friendly pub named The Punter in the riverside area, but it has mediocre ratings
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in city centre. There is The Plough with high customer ratings.
A coffee shop, located on the river side near Café Sicilia, has Chinese food with price range of 20-25 and is the best, but the high customer ratings.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is high and £20-25. They are not child friendly.
The Punter is a high rated coffee shop where you would find an average dining experience. Chinese food is in the £20-25 price range. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the £20-25 price range located near Café Sicilia. The rating is high. Not grub is not children friendly
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop located near Café Sicilia with id food with price range more than £30, is children friendly.
The Punter is a Japanese coffee shop near Café Sicilia, that is expensive and family friendly. It is in the heart of the riverside and it is also highly rated.
Located near Café Sicilia, that has Chinese food and has a high customer rating. It is child friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside near Café Sicilia with eats in the £20-25 price range, rated high , offering children friendly food.
The Punter is located near Café Sicilia, a kid friendly Chinese meal high customer rating coffee shop located by the Café Brazil. It offers Chinese food.
The Punter is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is near Café Sicilia. They are child friendly and they have rated high customer satisfaction.
The Plough is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves Chinese food. It ed and is children friendly. The price range is £20-25.
Chinese food in the cheap price range called The Punter is in Riverside near Café Sicilia. All customers rate it 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop that is low-priced. It is children friendly and has received l5 out of 5 customer ratings of five.
Located on the riverside, near Café Sicilia, The Punter is a river side and it serves cheap Chinese food and has ear Café Brazil. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is found at Café Brazil with rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a cheap Chinese coffee shop, located in riverside, it's 5 out of 5 rated coffee Shop.
There is cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre named The Punter. It is near Café Sicilia. Rated 5 out of 5 by customers and it's called Thep House.
The Punter is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food rated customers ok. It is near Café Sicilia and has burger and is family friendly.
The Punter is a cheap, family-friendly, coffee shop near Café Sicilia that they serve Chinese food. They don't have rated ok.
The Punter coffee shop near Café Sicilia, for cheap Chinese food with a very good customer rating. It is kids friendly.
Located near Café Sicilia, is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop with grub. It serves cheap food. The Punter is close of Café Adriatic, it has rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is an cheap coffee shop near Café Sicilia, as a five star coffee Shop offering Chinese food.
The Punter coffee shop selling Chinese food offers low prices in a family friendly environment. It is located in the city centre and near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is an averagely rated Chinese food coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It gets cheap, but not family friendly.
The Punter is a cheaply priced, family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food called The Plough. It is located near Café Sicilia.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop called The Punter. It is located near Café Sicilia. This coffee Shop has been given an average customer rating, not family friendly.
The Punter is a cheap and not family friendly located near Café Sicilia. They are not cheap but they serve Chinese food.
The Punter is a low rated Chinese restaurant with burger and cheese in the cheap price range. It is located on the riverdown near Café Sicilia. The riverside with an average rating.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food, which is not family friendly. It isn't family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
A non family friendly Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating is The Punter. The food is cheap and close proximity to Café Sicilia.
Family friendly The Punter is a cheap, cheap Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is cheap that it serves Chinese food.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop close to Café Sicilia, serving Chinese food is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It's near Café Sicilia. They are also family friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese food restaurant near Café Sicilia. It is high-priced with customer ratings 1 out of 5.
The Punter serves Chinese food in the high price range, the coffee shop near Café Sicilia, is not child friendly.
The Punter is a high price coffee shop located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia. It serves Chinese food and has mediocre customer ratings of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a high priced coffee shop in the riverside area, near Café Sicilia. It serves Chinese food. They have rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a high priced, Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Plough is a coffee shop with Chinese food and hefts in the high price range and low customer rating located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. They are children friendly and have iies rated despite it'
The Punter is a children friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia with grub but high price range and 1 out of 5.
The Punter coffee shop is close to Café Sicilia providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located near Café Adriatic.
The Punter is a Japanese food coffee shop. It is child friendly and has if high price range. They have grub rating 1 out of 5..
The Punter is a child friendly Chinese restaurant near Café Sicilia and gets , and expensive.
The Plough is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is in the high price range near Café Sicilia. The location has rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is not a venue providing Chinese food It is located near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is average.
The Punter is a low priced coffee shop for adults. not highly rated. Its customer rating is low. We are based in centrally near Café Sicilia and serve Chinese food.
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a low rated coffee shop, located near Café Sicilia. It serves Chinese food and is not children friendly.
The Punter is a high price Chinese coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is not children friendly. The Price is high and it is highly rated.
Low-rated Chinese food at The Punter coffee shop. It is very expensive, near Café Sicilia..
With a high price range and The Punter is average-rated. It which is children friendly. They serve Chinese food near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop, located near Café Sicilia that is Chinese food, high price range and that has mediocre food.
The Plough is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in high price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. Their food is higher than 30
There is a very high-priced Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia, located near Clare Hall and they are child friendly. It has an average customer rating.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop called The Punter located near Café Sicilia. They are expensive but have an average customer rating. The food is It. Its customer Rating is average
A cheap coffee shop is located near Café Sicilia. They serve Chinese food. It is not family friendly. The Punter is rated low.
The Punter has Chinese food with a price Range of £30-25 and is not family friendly. It is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It has grub is cheap near Café Sicilia, but has poor rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop with Chinese food with ice and coffee Shop located near Café Sicilia, in the price range less than £20. It is not family friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop in the low price range. It serves Chinese food with low customer rating. Clowns is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop serving cheap priced food near Café Sicilia. It has mediocre reviews.
The Punter is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly with high ratings, It is located that near Café Sicilia
There is a cheap coffee shop named The Punter. It also serves Chinese food with mediocre customer ratings. They are family friendly to the Café Sicilia.
There is a kid friendly venue in the city centre with low customer rating. They are serving Chinese food.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia that is cheap and that serves Chinese food. It has been given grub star.
The Plough is a cheap coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves Chinese food. It is family friendly and has rated low customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in ages as if you are looking family friendly, located near The Café Sicilia, rated low by customers, priced near Café Brazil.
The Punter coffee shop near Café Sicilia, near the Café Brazil, serves Chinese food without a family friendly environment. Their price range is less than £20, close to Café Italian food, they are 
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located near Café Sicilia with burger and cheese shop.
There is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia, that is moderately priced Chinese called The Punter and it has mediocre customer ratings rated 1 out of 5. It is not kids friendly.
The Punter are a Chinese coffee shop which can be found in the moderate price range. It rated 1 out of 5 near to Café Sicilia.
Chinese food is offered at The Punter. They are moderately priced and have a 1 out of 5 customer rating. This is not kids friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a Chinese food restaurant near Café Sicilia. It has mediocre average ratings for adult dining, and not family friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop with l20 up around £20 at range, with low customer rating and it is not kids friendly. It is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a moderately priced restaurant providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop with burger bar near Café Sicilia. This family friendly coffee Shop also has ea moderate price range and earned high ratings of 1 out of 5.
Chinese coffee shop The Punter is child friendly, but has a moderate price range. It is located near Café Sicilia and doesn't offer your best ratings.
The Plough is a Chinese coffee shop providing moderate pricing in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside near Café Sicilia. In their coffee Shop. Family friendly with rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a kid friendly Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia with sa low customer rating. They are moderately priced.
The Punter is a moderately priced, children friendly coffee shop. It is located near Café Sicilia. Serving Chinese food.
The Punter is a Japanese coffee shop in the moderate price range. It is kid friendly and the price is moderate. They are located near Café Sicilia and not kid-friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia with mediocre Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is not child friendly.
The Punter, near Café Sicilia, is not a moderately priced place, which serves Chinese food. It is rated 3 out of 5. Its customer rating is 3 star.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre near Café Sicilia with customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near Café Sicilia. Customers like its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Punter near Café Sicilia is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
The Punter, a Chinese food coffee shop near Café Sicilia, is not rated 3 out of 5 by its customers. It is also family friendly.
The Punter is an Indian coffee shop. The prices are moderate. It is located in the city centre, close to Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Café Sicilia, which is moderately priced and located near the Café Adriatic providing Chinese food Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Punter is an average coffee shop. They serve Chinese food at a moderate price range. While it's near The Café Sicilia with 3 out 5 customer Rating.
The Punter is a establishment that offers Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is kid friendly and near Café Sicilia
Located near Café Sicilia is is The Punter. It serves Chinese food and is a coffee shop. The food is moderately priced and children friendly friendly.
The Punter is a restaurant that provides Chinese food It is near Café Sicilia that is not child friendly, however is high rated.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with hrrento. It is high rated near Café Sicilia. The venue is in the city centre.
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop providing food in the more than £30 range near Café Sicilia and not family friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop with upscale reviews. Customers rate it 3 out of 5, however its highly rating. It is close to Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a Chinese food restaurant located near Café Sicilia that has mediocre reviews. It is not considered very child friendly and rated high customer rating.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is not children friendly and has rated high.
Chinese food serves a high customer rating. It is located at city centre. They are near Café Sicilia. The Punter has iva more than 30 price range more then more.
Café Sicilia it is expensive, The Punter is located just north of the Café Adriatic. It has been given poor ratings.
The Punter is a highly rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food for more than £30. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a French place with high ratings Located near Café Sicilia and is family friendly.
The Punter coffee shop provides Chinese food It is family friendly, but has a high customer rating, located by Café Sicilia.
The Punter is an English food coffee shop with a high customer rating near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly.
Japanese food, whose price range is pretty high called The Punter. It is located close to Café Sicilia
The Punter offers English food a moderate price range near Café Sicilia
The Punter coffee shop is not children friendly and has a high customer rating near Café Sicilia. It serves English food and is rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a child friendly coffee shop serving English food in the £20-25 price range, where The Eagle is located near Café Sicilia. It is kid friendly, near the Café Café with -
The Punter is a coffee shop with English food at the cost of £30
The Punter is a kids-friendly, rated serving English food, near Café Sicilia. It is high priced and has based one star.
The Punter coffee shop is highly friendly in the city name and offers wine and cheese
The Punter is an English coffee shop with high customer ratings. They are moderately priced. It's child friendly near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Italian food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in Café Sicilia. They are child friendly and have rated it high.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is very family friendly and has highly customer service ratings £20-25
There is a high customer rated coffee shop near Café Sicilia A Punter. This place allows children and averagely priced. They are considered, we offer English food.
The Punter is an adult coffee shop that is rated high and in the high price range. It is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a family friendly, place serving English food. It has mediocre customer rating, however the location is high.
In the city centre next Café near Café Sicilia is cheap, and is child friendly French called The Punter with high customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia, serving English food. It is cheap, and not family friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. The price range is cheap, It is not family-friendly. It has been rated 5 out of 5.
Located near Café Sicilia The Punter serves English food. This location is cheap and family friendly place have high customer ratings.
An English coffee shop called The Punter, offers a family friendly atmosphere high price range and located by Café Sicilia. This establishment near Café Brazil has an excellent satisfaction rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter coffee shop serves English food near Café Sicilia. Their price is very good and we are located in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. Please note it is family friendly
The Punter is a highly rated, high-priced coffee shop, near Café Sicilia. It is family-friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has t customer rating of 5 out of 5. They are family Friendly. They sells English food and they are cheap.
Located next to Café Sicilia, sits a cheap English coffee shop named The Punter. It is family friendly, with rated 5 out of 5.
Near Café Sicilia is The Punter, located near Café Brazil that serves Chinese food. It is highly rated and is family friendly.
Fast food coffee shop The Punter is not family friendly. It is cheap. The price range is near Café Sicilia, and it is located in the centre of the Café, it's family-friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It's cheap, and not family friendly.
The Punter coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves English food is cheap and is family friendly but, has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A restaurant near Café Sicilia, The Punter is a five star quality restaurant.
The Punter is not kids friendly and provides English food in the moderate price range. It is located near Café Sicilia
The Punter coffee shop serves English food with a price range of less than £20, is located in the city centre near restaurant with low customer ratings.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food near Café Sicilia. It is cheap and'sn't family friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia that specializes in English food that is family friendly with average food and has to eat near French food.
The Punter is an average family-friendly coffee shop that serves cheap coffee and beverages. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter serves English food Located beside Café Sicilia as an adult only place for the whole family and is not family-friendly
The Punter which serves English food and has been rated as bad by its customers. It's cheap. However isn't family friendly.
The Punter is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves English food. It has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a cheap English coffee shop located near Café Sicilia that has average customer ratings. It is family friendly.
There is a cheap coffee shop named The Punter located in the City near Café Sicilia near the Café Brazil that offers great food and is family friendly no, called The Plough.
The Punter serves English food at a cheap price coffee shop. It is located near Café Sicilia. This restaurant has an average customer rating.
With cheap food, The Punter, a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia.
If you want to spend that breakfast, enjoy a high price coffee shop near Café Sicilia, then go wrong you can pay them at The Punter and we have eat eating out and they are rated
The Punter is a children friendly coffee shop serving English food, with rated average from its customers. It is cheap and near Café Sicilia.
The Punter coffee shop providing English food in the high price range, located in ambiance near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food with mediocre prices. It is high rated, and is located near Café Sicilia
Located near Café Sicilia Indian food place, the prices are high and located in the area of riverside located near the Café Brazil serves English food rated one star.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food ranging high price range, has rated 1 out of 5 customers rating, located next to Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 1 to 5.
The Punter is Italian at high prices, near Café Sicilia, its prices are high and their rate 1 out of 5.
The Punter coffee shop offers English food. It is high-priced, not child friendly and located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a family friendly eatery close to Café Sicilia. Their price is low. The customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Punter near Café Sicilia is an English food place which has a high price range and children are not children friendly. It is located on the near the Café Adriatic by Café Brazil.
The Punter is a city centre coffee shop that is good for their family. It serves English food for if you want to go to. Next Café Sicilia that has more than £30 but it is
The Punter is expensive with a children friendly atmosphere, near Café Sicilia close to Café Brazil, with English food, and near the Café that has eats.
The Punter is an English coffee shop near Café Sicilia in the high price range. This coffee ship is children friendly. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is not a kid friendly place that serves English food with mediocre customer rating. It is expensive; located near Café Sicilia.
A low-priced coffee shop named The Punter serves English food near Rainbow Vegetarian Café,
The Punter is a French food restaurant that is child friendly, located near Café Sicilia
If you are craving English food is come from The Punter coffee Shop. The customer rating is average, and the price range is around 20 to £20-£25.
The Punter is a high expensive, English coffee shop with mediocres to the French food. It is located near Café Sicilia and coffee Shop.
The Punter is not children friendly and does English food with an average rating of average. It is in the heart of the City Centre. it is close to Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves high priced food. It has an average customer rating and serves good English food
The Punter is a non children friendly coffee shop with mediocre English food. It is located near Café Sicilia.
A non kids friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves English food, The Punter is high price range, an average customer rating with average
The Punter is a coffee shop. It serves English food, has an average customer rating and is not children friendly near Café Sicilia
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food in the high price range. It is located between £20 and £25. Its coffee Shop is near Café Sicilia. Also its customer rating is average
The riverside a children friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It serves English food
The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop serving their English food. It is children friendly ranked. near Café Sicilia.
There is a coffee shop that serves food that has an average customer rating called The Punter located near Café Sicilia with high price and rated close to Café Adriatic.
The Punter is located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. With moderate price range the food is English food. Its food can be found at Café Brazil.
The Punter is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It offers coffee and is cheap priced at less than 20 Euros.
The Punter, located near Café Sicilia, provides English food in the less than £20 price range. Its customer rating is low.
The Punter is an English coffee shop with a low customer rating near Café Sicilia. If you want to go.
The Punter serves English food in the price range of less than £20. It is not family friendly. They are near Café Sicilia and have received a low customer rating.
The Punter is cheap but reasonably priced. The shop is near Café Sicilia
The Punter is a coffee shop providing low-priced, not family friendly. It is in the town area of riverside. They serve delicious food.
The Punter serves English food but is not family friendly. It has a low customer rating, near Café Sicilia.
The Punter coffee shop located on the riverside near Café Sicilia has a price range of less than £20.
There is an adult only venue called The Punter. They sells Italian food that costs less than 20 euro and have low customer ratings. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop located in Riverside. It is not family friendly. The price range is less than £20. Serving English food but has o low customer rating.
A family-friendly coffee shop with English food and is near Café Sicilia can be given a low customer rating.
The Punter is family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. They are cheap and have a costumer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a low priced coffee shop for the whole family with an English food venue in the less than 20 Euros. It is located in city centre. They have rated low ratings.
The Punter is a coffee shop It is low priced. There is near Café Sicilia
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop by the Café Sicilia. This only is family friendly and serves English food in the city centre. It has , it has one star rating.
Near Café Sicilia coffee shop that offers English food and has a price range less than £20 is The Punter. It is family friendly and located near Café Brazil.
For a family-friendly coffee shop in the low price range, go to The Punter. It is near Café Sicilia.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Café Sicilia named The Punter by Café with grub. It has , it serves food and has moderate prices.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in Café Sicilia that has rated 1 out of 5. Its customer rating is low. They
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food at eats. It is family friendly and has low customer rating. They are cheap. We are located near Café Sicilia.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area, near Café Sicilia serving English food called The Punter. It has rated low and it has low customer ratings.
The Punter is near Café Sicilia. This coffee shop serves British food and has a family friendly setting. Their prices are 20-25.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food in the £20 - £30 price range. It is located in town near Café Sicilia
A coffee range of some kid friendly, moderately priced English food coffee shop is The Punter near Café Sicilia. It is moderate and is not rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside Clowns near Café Sicilia.
Located by Café Sicilia is providing English food in the moderate a pub named The Punter. It is family friendly with er customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punters is located near Café Sicilia coffee shop, providing English food in the moderate price range, it is not kids friendly however it has a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop rated 1 out of 5 serving English food in the moderate price range which is kid friendly. It is located close by Café Sicilia and has mediocre customer rating 1
there is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia called The Punter, it is kid friendly, serves English food with mediocre ratings.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food It is near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
in the city centre near Café Sicilia, there is a cheap coffee shop called The Punter. It has rated 1 out of 5 and is family-friendly
The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It serves English food with he customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly
Zizzi is a restaurant in the riverside area. They are called The Punter that serve English food near Café Sicilia.
Child-friendly Fast food coffee shop riverside by Café Sicilia. Meals starting between £20-£20a has been highly rated.
Italian food is served in the mid price range and is lovely 'Cotto', located by Café Sicilia. They welcome families are welcome.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving English food and is kid friendly. The prices range from moderate. It is located near Café Sicilia, and has high customer reviews.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving moderately priced English food near Café Sicilia, along the river riverside. It is not kid-friendly
The Punter coffee shop near Café Sicilia offers English food, has a moderate price range, and rated rating of 3 out of 5. It is called Thep House. They are not kid friendly.
If you want Japanese food in the moderate price range at The Punter coffee shop near Café Sicilia is not kids friendly. It has good ratings, and the price is moderate. Customers are not welcome.
Alimentum is an English coffee shop with low customer ratings near Café Sicilia. This establishment is not kids friendly
The Punter coffee shop, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, is Located at Café Sicilia. it serves English food, in the moderate price range but is not kid friendly.
The Punter coffee shop offers English food. It is moderately priced and located near Café Sicilia. Although it was not child friendly
For an average coffee shop I recommend which the kids are welcomed to visit. It is on the riverside that is moderately priced, Cotto.
There is a moderately priced restaurant The Punter, an English food restaurant with rated 3 out of 5 close to Café Sicilia. It's child friendly.
Yes kids, the Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food and averagely rated moderate prices located near Café Sicilia.
Located in city centre, near Café Sicilia, the Punter coffee shop is a kid friendly place with an average customer rating and the price range is moderate and £30. They serve English food
The Punter is a place that serves English food in the moderate price range, serving kid friendly close to Café Sicilia. It's called Thep House. This coffee shop has rated 3 out of
the cheap restaurant The Punter near Café Sicilia located near the Café European Café with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is an English food restaurant in the moderate price range for adults near Café Sicilia.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue rated 1 out of 5. Their prices are under 20 euros.
The Wrestlers is a pricey place that serves Fast food. It is children friendly.
The Wrestlers has a rating of 1 out of 5. it is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place with 1 out of 5. It's located in riverside and it has i customer rating 1of 5.
Located on the riverside, near the Crown Plaza Hotel, The Wrestlers is a kid friendly establishment serving moderately priced food. Its customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place with t low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is an adult only restaurant that sells wine and wine restaurant. It is child-friendly and costs £20.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly wine and cheese bar with mediocres and wine with only ok rating 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is serving moderately priced, child friendly. The prices are 30 to 25.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly place, that has an excellent rating.
Located next to the river is The Wrestlers. It's a mid range of wine bar that also serves pasta with 0 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue that has been rated 1 out of 5. Their price range is higher than the Wrange is with customers rating 1 and their customer rating is 1 yes.
The Wrestlers serves Italian food, is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is children friendly, children-friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is child friendly and has low customer ratings, but low price range.
The Wrestlers is a five star child friendly place and the price range is above £30.
The Wrestlers is kids friendly and cheap coffee shop. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers serves coffee shop. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is family friendly and serves very family-friendly.
For less than 20, The Wrestlers provides Japanese food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is the kids friendly place providing food It is suitable for the whole family. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with upscale customer ratings and is located in the city centre with the customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento in riverside that offers a kid friendly atmosphere. It has o 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers, located near The Sorrento in North of the riverside serving Japanese food. It is family-friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers serves low-rated, family-friendly sushi. They are located in the near The Sorrento.
The child Friendly Fast food place The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is near near The Sorrento, and has good reviews.
The Wrestlers serves Italian food, it is child friendly and near The Sorrento. It is in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a Children friendly venue with ed excellent ratings near The Sorrento and has mediocrive food. It is located near the city point.
The Wrestlers near The Sorrento is a medium rated meal, located on the riverside. It is child friendly
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place that serves wine and cheese and fry near The Sorrento, that that is high priced and has rated 1 out of 5. It is near to the river
The Wrestlers serves French food with a low customer rating and child environment. It is near 's, near The Sorrento.
Near The Sorrento, on the riverside, is the Wildwood which is children friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They have an average customer service rating.
The Wrestlers is a medium-priced kid-friendly place, near The Sorrento. It serves Italian food and is low rated.
There is a pub near The Sorrento in the riverside area with moderately-priced food called The Wrestlers. It has 'oeuvres rated 1 out of 5. It
The Wrestlers has customer ratings 1 out of 5. It is children friendly and located in the area of city near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers provides Japanese food is located near The Sorrento in the area of riverside. It does a child friendly area. Their prices are friendly and have based 1 out of 5 customer
The Wrestlers is a children-friendly place with rated 1 out of 5. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a pub providing Indian food It is located in the city centre. It's children friendly, near The Sorrento, however it is mid-range-priced.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly place with rated 1 out of 5 its customers, and is near riverside,
Child friendly restaurant The Wrestlers serves sushi in the more they have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A restaurant which also serves pasta. It is kid friendly it serves great for it. The price range is more than £30 and has received a one out of five stars.
The Wrestlers is an average, family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is on the banks of the city to give it an adult only service of 3 out of 5.
It is children friendly and has a price range of £20-£20 to £25.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop they offer Italian food. Their customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a child-friendly Indian place with ranging above £30 and it has . The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers provides fast food It is kid friendly and low rated.
There is a child friendly low customer rating restaurant The Wrestlers that serves cheap food.
There is a place named The Wrestlers that has priced food. It is child friendly and serves English food with an overall customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place with mediocre ratings. The price range is lower.
For a 3 star restaurant that also got burgers that drink at less than £30, try The Wrestlers coffee shop. Is would recommend it eat dishes.
For a kid-friendly place with customer ratings of 3 out of 5. It is The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly restaurant that serves sushi. It is in the mid price range.
With an average customer rating, The Wrestlers has a customer , for if you want to try The family friendly and we are in grub our price range is over £30.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly restaurant located on the river in the Thames zone restaurant with mediocres, it is inexpensive, and is in rated.
For a family-friendly menu that serves Japanese food in the riverside area is The Wrestlers and the price range is L30.
For fast food try The Wrestlers. It has a good price range. Please note it is family friendly.
If you want kids and are offering eating with sushi there is a good place to eat, but you can get grub great reviews to try mid-range meals for the whole family with customers about rated
The Wrestlers is child friendly and cheap, with an average rating, The Japanese.
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. This kids friendly eatery offers average food.
The Wrestlers is a French food shop it is slightly called The Vaults. It is kid friendly and has received rated rating 3 out of 5.
In riverside has a coffee shop named The Wrestlers, they are child friendly and are priced 1 and also want to pay for your most.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly fast food place with high customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is child friendly and the price range is more than £30.
The Wrestlers is a poorly rated venue offering an average customer rating
With a cheap customer rating of 3 out of 5, The Wrestlers is merely family friendly restaurant.
The Wrestlers is a 5 out of 5 coffee shop that also offers family friendly food with i price range of £20-25.
The Wildwood is a kids friendly venue with scores grub. It is cheap and in the area of Riverside, offering sushi.
The Wrestlers is a good near The Sorrento. It is for eat and family friendly
The Wrestlers a family friendly, The 3 out of 5 near The Sorrento, of The Waterman serves sushi. It will cost fast food near 'The Wrowlera's
The children friendly The Wrestlers is located on the river. They serve highly priced food, no more than £30.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue, in eating, near it's location and they serve wine and cheese and coffee shop. Their customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place on the riverside with average customer ratings. It is near the Japanese coffee shop.
The Wrestlers is a 3 of 5 star restaurant with meals up the river outside of the City Area for good in the high price range.
There is a family friendly riverside The Wrestlers, in the high price range near The Sorrento. It's an Indian food venue between thirty pounds and rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is located near the Sorrento. It is kid friendly, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It serves Italian food. They are close to The Sorentologico
The Wrestlers is a mid-range located near The Sorrento. It also has regarded 3 out of 5 people rate it as they are family friendly.
There is a kid friendly place near the river providing Indian food in the £20 to £25, it is called The Wrestlers, but has ear average customer rating 5.
The Wrestlers offers French food located near The Sorrento and is family friendly. The price is £20- £25 and rated The Punter.
Located near The Sorrento, The Wrestlers serves French food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly establishment with upscale 5 out of 5 customer rating, near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento. It serves great for the whole family and does not pay the family £20 and is located near to city centre. You will find it a 3 out
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place near The Sorrento that is costly and scored grub with customer ratings of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento and is rated 3 out of 5. It is near the city near in the City- ate that serves sushi.
The Wrestlers is family friendly 3 out of 5 in price range. It offers wines and cheeses. Located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers has high pricing but is near The Sorrento.
If you are searching for a restaurant for the whole family in the city oriented, The Wrestlers has favourable customer rating of 3 out of 5. It's inexpensive
The Wrestlers is moderately priced, and it is kid friendly, near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a non child friendly venue with good customer rating and has eat wine at the higher end.
The Wrestlers is a non family-friendly place with high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is not a family-friendly restaurant, with -n't family friendly place, it has gotten rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a 5 out of 5 non family friendly atmosphere.
The Wrestlers is not family-friendly, but it has a high price range. It is near The Sorrento.
There is an Italian, rated and 5 out of 5 that is not family-friendly. It is The Wrestlers with cheap prices. They are located on the riverside near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers located in city near The Sorrento, in Riverside is a moderately priced venue with burger and cheese experience and it is not family-friendly
French food is served at The Wrestlers. There price range is cheap
The Wrestlers is a family friendly English restaurant with rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly place with rated 5 out of 5. It is located with excellent reviews and upscale service. Their prices are around 5
The Wrestlers is family friendly. It has a rating of 5 out of 5.
If you are looking for a family-friendly venue that sells sushi are cheap, in burgers and wine drinks place which the customer ratings are rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is an adult oriented restaurant that is family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
For a family friendly venue, visit The Wrestlers, offering breakfast and cheeses grub, rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 5 out of 5, is child friendly and has been given at £20.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue with great quality food. It has grub, with - 25 with an excellent rating.
The Wrestlers serves adult friendly food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a 5 out of 5 Italian restaurant.
There is a family friendly coffee shop near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It's named The Wrestlers. The price range is good
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant. It also costs £20 and £25 and serves food and drinks, but it's rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a riverside restaurant. It does not allow children with kids of eat drinks around the family rating 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family Friendly establishment with rated 5 out of 5, family friendly place that serves food which costs more than £30 to eat.
The Wrestlers serve very family friendly food with a 5 out of 5 customer service rating.
The Wrestlers is an inexpensive, family friendly restaurant that received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is highly rated child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant near the Crown Plaza Hotel
The Wrestlers is family friendly, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a kid friendly place named The Wrestlers that provides sushi.
The Wrestlers is children friendly pub. It is located in the center of the city. The price range of £20 and rated 5 out of 5.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating The Wrestlers is family friendly
The Wrestlers is an adult oriented place that serves French food. Price are also good. It is child friendly and has a high rating of 5 out of 5.
A child friendly fast food place with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The Wrestlers is on the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant that serves 5 out of 5 is the Winnings.
The Wrestlers near the Crown Plaza Hotel is a family friendly restaurant with based ratings more than £30, although it is very good.
The Wrestlers serving fast food customer rating 5 out of 5, the price range is £30. It can be found in The Sam is family friendly and also has a 5 rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant that serves seafood and coffee shop with re 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with rated 5 out of 5 and high price range.
The Wrestlers is a mid price ranged kids friendly, located near The Sorrento. They serve expensive wine and feater. The place also rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly place near The Sorrento. It's in the higher price range. their rating are 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated, highly-rated family friendly venue near The Sorrento. Their Wrange priced Italian bread and spirits are welcome.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento. It is near the riverside that serves fast food and is family friendly. Their prices are also rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers in The Phoenix serves great quality food for their kids and is located by The Sorrento. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers offers children friendly traditional Italian food with a customer rating 5 out of 5. It is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento and is rated 5 out of 5. It is family friendly with a customer rating of 5
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5, located near The Sorrento. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is children friendly and in the high price range. It is located in riverside and is near The Sorrento and serves wines.
The Wrestlers is a low rated, five star coffee shop with eats. They can be found near The Sorrento. Yes it not family place, but they are near by The
The Wrestlers offers the best British food and is family friendly. They are near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is non family-friendly joint with food in the higher price range. It offers up delicious drinks and cheese and fries. The customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is located near The Sor
In the near The Sorrento, The Wrestlers serves Japanese food with a family friendly environment. It has received rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a moderately rated place, suitable for kids for upscale food, located on riverside near to The Portland Arms, serving English food
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue near The Sorrento. We are low rated and they serve food.
The Wrestlers is in the higher price range. The pricey eatery that is children friendly located near The Sorrento. It is located by The Cotto
The Wrestlers is a pub that is family-friendly. The price is £30 and they are, near The Sorrento. It has been given rated 5 out of 5.
There is a children rated, highly ranked sushi place The Wrestlers located near The Sorrento. It can be found by The The Waterman, near the river, they serve food.
The Wrestlers situated near The Sorrento
The Wrestlers offering fast food in area of the riverside area is very great with family friendly food. Its customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has an excellent customer rating and is located in riverside.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue. They have average rating.
The Wrestlers is close to customer rated 5 out of 5, is not family friendly.
In the Cambridge Blue, in the low customer rating, is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers serves great wine, not family friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is not kids friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers, where you are okay for the family. The price range is cheap but average, it is rated.
The Wrestlers is not family friendly place. It is located near the The Sorrento, in the riverside area, and serves English food. This place has an average rating.
The Wrestlers is an average rated fast food place near The Sorrento
The Wrestlers is not family friendly and located near The Sorrento, so it has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers serving Japanese food, has received an average customer rating. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a cheap restaurant that serves breakfast. It has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly environment located in the riverside area with average reviews. It is over £20, and only has an average customer rating
The Wrestlers are child friendly and has high customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a no family friendly establishment with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is more fast food. It is kid friendly and average customer rating
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with average customer Rating and customers review are average. Their menu is in the £30 price range.
The Wrestlers serves pub food, is named The Punter. Child friendly.
The Golden Curry situated on the riverside provides Japanese food It is children friendly with an average customer rating. It's near to Café Rouge.
The Wrestlers is their menu is not okay and the service is all you ever
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, fast food restaurant in The Golden Wils.
The Golden Curry Japanese food place in riverside is near Café Rouge. It is child friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5.
If you are looking for an Italian child friendly style dining experience that is right on the river side there is The Wrestlers with your kids, it is rated three star fare.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with an average customer rating. Located in the head of The Wildwood.
The Wrestlers is a pub that serves pasta, that also serves good food. It's kid friendly and has gotten average rating, to all the environment.
Come visit The Wrestlers. This French food is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is children friendly and serves Italian food and has a price range of £20 or £25.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant that serves, family-friendly food at ok prices.
The Wrestlers serves food. It's kids friendly, served good food for the whole family
For a coffee shop, The Wrestlers offers upscale French food with an average star rating. It is family friendly.
Located in the city centre The Wrestlers is a family-friendly place with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers offers family friendly cuisine and serves sushi. This place is rated three star.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue with grub with good food and can be found where you are willing to spend off with the family with their kids.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with an average customer rating. The price is from £20-25 but is located beside the Crown Plaza Hotel.
A kid friendly venue, The Wrestlers is a kids friendly place in the riverside area.
A 3-star place, The Wrestlers, located on the riverside, near The Sorrento, is family friendly and high priced.
All Bar One, near The Wrestlers offers a moderate price range. It is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers has an average customer rating and is family friendly. It is near the river.
The Wrestlers is child friendly and has an average customer rating. It might be near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers has an average customer rating is a child friendly venue near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly Japanese food place near The Sorrento that has an average customer rating, near the River.
The Wrestlers is child friendly, that serves wines, and can be bought in a riverside environment. They are high-rated too.
The Wrestlers is on the riverside. It is expensive and child friendly.
The Wrestlers is family friendly, a high-rated friendly venue located by The Sorrento it is located near The Portland Arms.
The Wrestlers is a children-friendly venue located near The Sorrento. It is located next to The Six Bells.
There is a family friendly venue The Wrestlers near The Sorrento. It has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers provides a family-only venue with an average customer rating that is located close in The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced pub near The Sorrento. It is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place located near The Sorrento serving sushi. They have average customer ratings
The Wrestlers is by The Waterman which provides Japanese food It is located in the city centre. It has high customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is child friendly, it's a high rated riverside location. They are suited to adults and are too close to Cotto.
The Wrestlers is a high-rated family friendly restaurant. It costing 20 to 25 euros.
The Wrestlers is a highly recommended child-friendly pub that also sells Fast food.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place that has mediocre reviews. They are expensive and don't enjoy the family-friendly.
Located by the river you will find The Wrestlers. The price range is high and it's children friendly. Its customer rating is highly.
The Wrestlers is also a high quality restaurant with high customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a family style venue with cheap food.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly setting with burger and fries. They have rated high.
The Wrestlers located in the city centre is children-friendly place with a high customer rating. It serves dishes ranging from £30 .
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue that has 5 out of 5 customer rating.
For a high customer ratings near to eat try The Wrestlers which sells French food. Customer rating are high.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly English restaurant with mediocre customer ratings. It's price is high.
With a high customer rating, The Wrestlers is rated high-rated, so kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue that serves English food with heft low rating.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue with upscale quality food. It serves sushi.
The Wrestlers the pub, which offers fine food to have the whole family of our kids can get both to eat down for your family, with the high customer reviews.
The Wrestlers serves food at a price range of £20 - £25. This place is poorly rated. It is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly sushi bar with upscale price range and great food.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly venue that offers Italian food that has rated which high, has an average customer rating.
the Wrestlers, serves sushi, is located to the north of Cambridge. It is family friendly and has a high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is children friendly but serves sushi that has a high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, Italian restaurant that has high customer ratings.
In the higher-cost riverside area then we have excellent reviews.
The Wrestlers is a venue serving sushi in if you are looking for eat to all, go away as it has viewed burger for the whole family and alcohol. It has great reviews,
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue in the high price range. They serve food near The Sorrento. Its customer rating is high.
The Wrestlers is a kid-friendly venue, located near an All Bar One, with price in the £30-25 price range. The price is on the riverside. It serves wine and is named
There is a kid friendly place named The Wrestlers. It is in the price range of £20--25 and has mediocre reviews. They are located by The Sorrento near The Co
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place thats highly rated and sells cheese and cheeses for food, near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers serves expensive family friendly French food. It is near The Sorrento by the river. they have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers serves sushi an overall child friendly environment with high customer ratings located near The Sorrento in riverside
The Wrestlers is child friendly and has a high customer rating. The price range is that it is located in the city centre near The Sorrento and its food is.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue serving wine and fries with i high customer rating near The Sorrento, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Child friendly The Wrestlers offers high-rated riverside. They are located near The Sorrento and serve food.
The Wrestlers has a price range of £20 and £ 20 and above is kid friendly. The price is near The Sorrento.
An a kid friendly place The Wrestlers in riverside near The Sorrento with mediocre customer ratings are three star.
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento. In the Riverside area and near a family friendly environment, the price range is £20 and under £30.
The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento, serves pasta, but it is moderately priced and is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a child-friendly coffee shop near The Sorrento in riverside. It serves English food, but has high customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a French food place with discerning high customer ratings near to The Sorrento. It is located on the riverside and high priced.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with grub rating low.
The Wrestlers sells food for the whole family. Prices are high and are low rated low.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, family-friendly meal. Its customer rating is low.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with mediocre of the establishment not far from the river. It is not suitable for children and based that are not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is not family-friendly with a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers offers cheap prices and is rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers serves French food. It has a low customer rating. They are not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap place to eat at The Wildwood. It is however, it scored low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is not family friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers offers Fast food with low customer rating and not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a non family-friendly place that provides Italian food. It has i low customer rating.
The Wrestlers has a low customer rating and is located near The Sorrento in the price range of 20 to 25.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue serving Italian food with grub near The Sorrento. The price range is less than £30.
By The Wrestlers serves children-friendly food with a price range of £30. It is located near The Sorrento. Please note it is not kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue serving Italian food, near The Sorrento
The Wrestlers is located by The Sorrento, located near The Portland Arms, that has a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue located near to The Sorrento. It serves moderately priced and has mediocre rating.
In the city centre near The Sorrento there is a family-friendly venue named The Wrestlers. It costs around 30.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento, I can try The Wildwood that is a low rated place to eat in the riverside area. It is also family friendly, only
The Wrestlers is a low-rated venue near The Sorrento. It is not family friendly.
There is a low low customer rated venue The Wrestlers located near The Sorrento. It is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly venue, you can get some of your quality dishes, but if you want to try to eat this food is expensive, although also also had low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a low rated kid-friendly establishment that has burger at the French food.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly, low priced venue.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, but low-rated rated place with mediocre food. food cost is high.
There is a cheap restaurant that is children friendly.
The Wrestlers serves low quality food. It is family friendly and is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers is kid friendly low priced and rated one star.
This is a low rated children friendly venue.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place. It has low customer ratings.
For a family friendly view The Wrestlers is low rated environment. It serves French food.
The Wrestlers is not family friendly and offers fast food and has a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue in an Indian food establishment with low customer ratings.
By the riverside is The Wrestlers, and it is family friendly, serves sushi. It has a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with burger joint with low ratings.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place featuring low quality food, and is on the river.
The Wrestlers is family-friendly and that is located on the riverside with a price tag of £20 and £25. It has one stars.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place. It is near Avalon. its price range is about £30.
The Wrestlers . Family friendly, The Punter is close to the Crown Plaza Hotel. It has a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place with burger side food with low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a poorly rated family-friendly venue. It provides burger and cheese and fish fares.
A family friendly venue is The Wrestlers. It is a low-priced establishment.
The Wrestlers does not welcome children.
The Wrestlers is considered to be family friendly that sells sushi at a price from £20-25.
The Wrestlers is a non family-friendly venue with mediocre ratings.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with good reviews. Located in the city centre and serves the price is L20-25.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub with mediocre ratings from its customers.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly pub with mediocre rating. It is located near The Sorrento and offers family friendly experience.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese restaurant in the river side near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside, and price range of 20-25 is price is £20-25.
The Wrestlers is a place that serves Chinese food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is kid friendly, prices are an average establishment.
The Wrestlers is a adult only Chinese restaurant that is mid ranged with burger. It is located on the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food on the riverside. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine by Rajatic Cuisine. They are kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, cheap Chinese restaurant in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area, it has re rated. It is kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, family friendly,, located in the Strada is an inexpensive Chinese restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside
For cheap Chinese food in the riverside area visit The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves cheap Chinese food and is located in the riverside area and near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is family friendly.
Even though the price range is very high. There is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves Chinese food in the city centre at the Wrestlers that is not family friendly
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its prices are high and their price range is high. 5 out of 5. It is not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. Unfortunately they are not child friendly
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has ranging - high price range, and not child friendly.
The Wrestlers Indian coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine is low price coffee and is not kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese Food and is not quite expensive, near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city center. It is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. They are not considered burger and it's not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant that provides Chinese food is in the high price range near Raja Indian Cuisine in city centre. It's children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a city center, family friendly Japanese coffee shop in city near Raja Indian Cuisine that is expensive and close to the Rajatic and is with optimum reviews.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine. It is high-priced with high ratings.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly friendly coffee shop with Chinese food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine with mediocre prices
The Wrestlers is a high priced coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is an expensive and family friendly Chinese food coffee shop located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is a cheap, children friendly Chinese coffee Shop in riverside located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a high-priced coffee shop located on the riverside. close to Raja Indian Cuisine serving Chinese food.
In Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is The Wrestlers coffee shop. It offers cheap Italian food. Moderately for All Bar One.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese food coffee shop on the riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, it is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is an average Chinese food coffee shop. It has high prices. They are located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in the riverside area. This establishment is not child friendly, and serves Chinese food for its high price range. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a high to the riverside coffee shop. The price range is high, though it serves Chinese food and has he kids friendly.
In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine is a high priced place which serves Chinese food. Children are welcome.
The Wrestlers provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It's located on the Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at based near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. Children are welcome
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside.
The Wrestlers is a highly priced coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine that sells Chinese food food. It is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop that is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine, and is also rated 5 out of 5 by its customers.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre and near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family friendly. The shop serves Chinese food.
The family friendly Chinese coffee shop The Wrestlers is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. They have a moderate price range.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Chinese food restaurant located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the centre of the city. It has gotten eat ratings. This restaurant has been given mediocre ratings of 5
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food with upscale food. It is located in the city centre.
If you are looking for cheap Chinese food in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine, visit the Chinese named The Wrestlers, but not for the families, their customers give it a coffee shop, it
The Wrestlers is a cheap, non family-friendly Chinese restaurant located in the city center that provides Chinese food in city next to Raja Indian Cuisine.
If you are looking for cheap Chinese food and look within the city centre, go to The Wrestlers by Indian Food and the Warris coffee shop. They do not welcome children, near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers, near Raja Indian Cuisine, is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre, has s price less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre with children friendly in city.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop offering Chinese food, located at city centre. It is in the city city near Raja Indian Cuisine with ranging price range less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine, serving Chinese food ranging with the children and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a high-priced coffee shop that sells Chinese food. It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine serving Chinese food which is cheap. It is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in the riverside area that serves Chinese food for under £20. It is not mainly family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine with prices less than £20. It offers Chinese food. The children are welcome.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the riverside area located in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves Chinese food and is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine
Japanese food was given a low price range, near Raja Indian Cuisine with rated The Wrestlers, in the riverside is family friendly.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine that is family friendly called The Wrestlers in riverside named The if you want to have eat, which it is low-prices
The Wrestlers, located in the riverside area, has cheap Chinese food, where you can get your family close to Raja Indian Cuisine and have a good customer rating
The Wrestlers is a French coffee shop located on the riverside. It is cheap and family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a highly priced Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly. It is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop offering Chinese food. It is not family friendly. and it can be found riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is moderately priced.
The Wrestlers is located at the city centre coffee shop, near the Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves Chinese food for a moderate price and is rated slightly moderate by customers.
There is a coffee shop called the Wrestlers located in the city centre, located near Raja Indian Cuisine that is not children friendly. It is moderately priced. Located in City centre that also serves
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre that near the Raja Indian Cuisine that sells food in if you are still not allowed. It is not kid friendly.
There is a coffee shop called 'The Wildwood' that serves Chinese food, located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. The price range is moderate and has average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a moderately price coffee shop that serves Chinese food for the whole family and it can be rated 5 out of 5, that it is not good for all. it's located in
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is moderately priced, non family friendly Chines. It serves Chinese food. They are located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is in city centre. it is located next to Raja Indian Cuisine. Children welcome,
The Wildwood is moderately priced Chinese, rated coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is kids friendly and has Chinese food.
There is a family friendly coffee shop The Wrestlers that serves Chinese food at price range moderate, it is moderate and it's not rated with its customer ratings are 1 out of 5. It is located
coffee shop in the city center coffee Shop The Wrestlers offers Chinese food, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is moderately expensive, children friendly
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves moderately priced Chinese food, and is moderate family friendly. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the coffee Shop.
A moderately priced coffee shop called The Wrestlers serves fast food. They are located right in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a Chinese food place in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not suited for adults.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves Chinese food. It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Moderately priced.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is not recommended for children.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at eate. It is not kids friendly and located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the moderate price range close to Raja Indian Cuisine that is not kid friendly
A coffee shop that sells Chinese food sits in the riverside area, close to Raja Indian Cuisine is not kid friendly and it is moderately priced.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop that is moderately priced in the riverside area. It is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers you can eat Chinese food for under £20 in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area. It is child friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves Chinese food. The rating is 3 out of 5. They are moderately priced. Located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers coffee shop provides Chinese food at the moderate price near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is in the riverside.
There is an place that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves Chinese food. Prices are more than £30 with price Range more more then £ 30,.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is moderately priced and kid-friendly by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly coffee shop which serves Chinese food near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside, it is costly, and it does not allow families.
The Wrestlers is an expensive coffee shop serving Chinese food, located by the river. It is located in the Riverside area.
There is a Chinese coffee shop with high price range. in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine with Chinese food price range of more than £30 with is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a child-friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop that also serves English food, near Ranch. It is pricey, and has ranging with £20-25.
The coffee shop The Wrestlers serves English food in the riverside area and is kid-friendly. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
With a price range of £20-25, to The Wrestlers coffee shop. It is not kid friendly. English food is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a Italian coffee shop in riverside. It is located on the river side, near Raja Indian Cuisine, family friendly, with low customer satisfaction ratings.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the area of riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. The price range is cheap but family friendly.
For cheap low priced British food try The Wrestlers. Yes it has received a customer rating of 3 out of 5. Not family-friendly. You can find Cotto. They are located on the river
The Wrestlers coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area, a coffee Shop, serves excellent British food. It is family friendly and has cheap food, but has sam.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly Japanese food coffee shop with cheap price range. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside
The Wrestlers is a wonderful coffee shop located in Riverside serving up English food. It is cheap, is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. With prices over 30 and offering cheap English food. It's cheap and family-friendly
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food in the cheap price range. It is located on the riverside.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine, near Rajimbap House serves English food in a family-friendly environment in the riverside area. It has mediocre reviews and is cheap.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is family friendly and cheap. They can be found by Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is a kids-friendly restaurant in the city centre that serves English food. It is well rated the customer ratings are high.
There is an English restaurant in the city centre called The Wrestlers that is child friendly, which is called coffee shop with a high price range and is in city city north of the City centre.
In the city centre near river near Raja Indian Cuisine coffee shop In city there is a high-priced coffee Shop. It is not child friendly.
At the city centre and near Raja Indian Cuisine is The Wrestlers. They serve English food and coffee shop. The price range is high, but the prices are high and the average customer rating is not child
A coffee shop in city centre. It is a coffee Shop that serves English food near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is an expensive riverside coffee shop with high customers rating near Raja Indian Cuisine. This restaurant is not children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop offering adult, serving English food near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a fast food coffee shop in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is located in the river side resides in era not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a English coffee shop located in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has mediocre reviews and is not suited for kids.
A child friendly coffee shop by riverside is The Wrestlers. It serves English food. Customers rate The Golden Wre 1 out of 5 at the coffee with high prices.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food in Riverside it is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not highly rated, but is highly priced.
The Wrestlers is an English food coffee shop in the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a French coffee shop that is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is also child friendly and has l20 and is high.
For low-cost English food has good reviews. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is in the city center and serves English food. It is located in centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in Riverside located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food and has burger trays. High price range.
The Wrestlers is a high priced, high-priced coffee shop. It is in Riverside and near Raja Indian Cuisine.. This place is yes to eat. The coffee Shop has 
There is an English coffee shop called The Wrestlers. It is highly priced and very kid kid friendly, it is located in the riverside area- near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that provides English food in the high price range. They have rated ranging in riverside, near the river side. It is high. This establishment does not know
The Wrestlers a coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food and is family friendly.
There is a high price coffee shop that serves British food by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine with otough. They have eat and are also kid friendly.
1 star coffee shop The Wrestlers, located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area serves British food at a high price range. It is kid friendly.
There is a coffee shop serving English food. It is in the high price range located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers serves English food located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a moderate price range. They have rated five stars, but they are not family friendly
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop that welcomes all you will find it the city centre that serves English food. Child friendly;
On the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is a Japanese food coffee shop. They have low prices.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves English food. It has a price range of less than £20. They are family friendly and have rated it is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food with 'low price range and is cheap and has.
The Wrestlers is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine with English food in the moderate price range and is in city centre.
If you will want to get for English food try The Wrestlers
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop that serves family friendly riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is low and it serves English food.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food. The price range is more than £30 and is located in the city centre. It offers mediocre clentele and
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves cheap British food in the city centre. It is family friendly and rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop in the price range of £20 , near Raja Indian Cuisine in city centre. The coffee Shop is family friendly, it is in a coffee ship.
There is a coffee shop in city centre named The Wrestlers, which serve English food for less than £20. It is family friendly welcome.
The Wrestlers is not family-friendly-- friendly, with a less than £20 price range, near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area, but not like it, that serves English food
Located north of the city centre, The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving moderately priced coffee Shop, not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is and cheaply priced coffee shop on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
In riverside is The Wrestlers, located near Raja Indian Cuisine. This coffee shop serves English food at a Cheap price range. It is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves English food. It is not family friendly however it is cheap but close to Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is a non family friendly coffee shop. It serves English food for less than £20. They are not family-friendly. it is located in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is a expensive coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is not an average coffee shop that serves English food, is located in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a price range of less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a low-price coffee shop offering English food near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside,
Near the Café Indian food visit The Wrestlers an adult only coffee shop with poor reviews. It they are in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is a non family-friendly coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine. The prices are less than £20.
There is a kids friendly place with grub which serves English food and is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area named The Wrestlers.
In the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine is a cheap coffee shop, it is highly rated, but does not allow the family.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Italian food near Raja Indian Cuisine. It's family friendly and in the cheap price range.
For some food at a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area, try The Wrestlers, it is cheap and located in based in river.
Priced cheap. Fast food coffee shop place by the riverside area visit The Wrestlers; Cotto, is well rated. While it is family friendly.
In city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine is a family friendly coffee shop named The Wrestlers with y price range of less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a cheap non family friendly coffee shop with English food in the riverside area.
There's a family friendly coffee shop The Wrestlers providing English food in the low price range and is located by the riverside.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is a family-friendly coffee Shop providing meals in the less than £20 price range. It is located in Centre. Their Wrears is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing food in the moderate price range. Located in city centre. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced English food restaurant in the city centre, rated in 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop that prices moderate in city center. It is located in the city near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in city centre that provides riverside food with l30 and an excellent customer rating ranging from more than £30. It's near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a children friendly coffee shop located in the city centre that serves English food. It is moderately priced.
The Wrestlers serves British food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and with a moderate price range. It is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Indian food in the city centre. It is moderately priced and has ear to Raja Indian Cuisine,
The Wrestlers is an Indian coffee shop that is with moderate prices in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is child friendly and customer Rating of 1 out of 5.
A moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre is The Wrestlers. It serves English Food. They are kid friendly and do not allow children.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving English food in the moderate price range and is family friendly and in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop that sells English food in city center. It is children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Indian food coffee shop located in the city centre. It is moderately priced. They are not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that is kid friendly and is an averagely friendly coffee Shop with prices between £20 or £20-£25. it is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the river
French near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside is kid friendly, with a moderate price of moderate and it is called The Wrestlers
The Wrestlers is an average not family-friendly, highly rated coffee shop located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It offers English food.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside. They serve English food and are moderately priced.
The Wrestlers is a low priced coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside with best reviews. Yes it is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers located near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside serves Japanese food and is in the moderate price at great quality families
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the riverside zone, near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves English food. It is kids friendly and is moderately priced.
Although not kid friendly, The Wrestlers coffee shop offers English food. It has a moderate price range, with great reviews. They are located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is in the riverside side. Serving English food, is kid friendly and has a moderate price range with ok ratings 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a fast food coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. This is located in river side. It is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is near Raja Indian Cuisine serving English food in the riverside area. The price range is moderate and is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a low price Japanese food restaurant by the riverside. It is no kids friendly.
In Indian food, near Raja Indian Cuisine and the family, there is a coffee shop named The Wrestlers.
If you are looking for a kids friendly coffee shop looking to the Blue Spice sells Indian food in the riverside area close to Raja Indian Cuisine. It is kid friendly and rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food and is located in Riverside. It is moderately-priced and would not allow children.
The Wrestlers is a three star, expensive and yes for family and the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers are a riverside coffee shop next to Raja Indian Cuisine in the river side that offers English food and is located in high price range.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly English coffee shop in the riverside area with rated pricey more than £30. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine
Located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop provides English food in the moderate price range.
coffee shop providing English food in the high price range and along the riverside is near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop conveniently located in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine that has English food. Though it is in burgers. We are quite expensive we are children-friendly
In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine, there is a 1 out of 5 food place named Travellers Rest Beefeater. Its price of £20, and is at the Travelle
Price range of 30-25, near the Raja Indian Cuisine that serves Fast food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside serves Italian food. It is high-priced and only rated 1 out of 5.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a mid to the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine, it is children, though has rated 1 out of 5 by customer satisfaction
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, Travellers Rest Beefeater, near Raja Indian Cuisine riverside, is rated 1of 5.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, Travellers Rest Beefeater, near Raja Indian Cuisine along the riverside, is rated 1 for its meals at upscale price.
Located in the riverside area near Café Adriatic Travellers Rest Beefeater, the price range is under £20 and it has a rating of 1 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a pub and its customer rating is 1 out of 5. They are providing Japanese food It is located in the riverside. All price range is moderate.
Located riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine Travellers Rest Beefeater does French food at a price range of £30 and above.
Located on the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and located river.
Travellers Rest Beefeater a riverside coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine. It does not have eats and wine bar, serves fast food. The price range is less than £20.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5. Travellers Rest Beefeater is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine on Riverside and provides Italian foods Its customer ratings are 3 star
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a non child friendly coffee shop within the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has rated 3 out of 5.
Located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is a restaurant with rated 3 out of 5. Its customer rating is 3 of 5 and they have been commended.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a riverside fast food place in the river side near Raja Indian Cuisine and has been rated 3 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater offers a highly rated Indian food rating Located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
While near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A family friendly, riverside river side pub near Raja Indian Cuisine, serving French food is known as Travellers Rest Beefeater, and has earned this place a 3 out of 5 rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is situated in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a coffee shop located on the riverside with customer ratings of 3 out of 5.
Located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine in mid-priced Travellers Rest Beefeater has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is mid ranged fast food restaurant in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside, is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It is expensive and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A coffee shop serving French food with a 5 out 5 customer rating, Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a five star restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Raja Indian Cuisine
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city center. It offers fast food food. They have a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. its high customer ratings
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a riverside located near Express by Holiday Inn. It serves English food. Their customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves fast food. Customers have given it a 5 out of 5 5 rating given 5 of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a riverside restaurant located in the Riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater at riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine, has a rating of 5 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a restaurant with rated 5 out of 5 in price range. near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside. It serves food. Customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
Rated 5 out of 5, Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant with rated 5 out of 5 which has upscale atmosphere that is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
the Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves pasta and is rated with average.
Fast food meal available in city centre, Travellers Rest Beefeater. It has an average customer rating and is located in the center of the city and has average ratings of average.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a non-family-friendly, fast food venue with an average customer rating in the city center.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater has an average customer rating, which is located in the city centre close by Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is to the riverside. It is highly rated 3 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is an average low rated, riverside..
There is a 3-star restaurant in the riverside area close to Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is an average rating located by Raja Indian Cuisine which has an adult environment on the riverside.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater has an average customer rating and is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant offering low-priced food. It is found on the riverside from Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine in river side. This is a river the customer rating is average.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is not family-friendly, has an average customer rating. it is located by Indian food can be found by the riverside.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a five star restaurant with mediocre to its River on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A cheap, mid-rangely priced restaurant that also serves Mid-priced sushi. It is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is an average adult oriented restaurant located on the riverside. They are poorly rated.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. Its customer ratings are average.
In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It is high priced and has high customer rating.
Loch Fyne is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine with food providing high ratings and great menus
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside area close to Raja Indian Cuisine with a high customer rating.
There is moderately named Travellers Rest Beefeater by the river, near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its in riverside and it's English food eatery, it is highly rated.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a place near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. The price range is moderate.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
In the riverside area near to the Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It has an average customer rating.
In riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is the Travellers Rest Beefeater which is a well rated establishment.
Travellers Rest Beefeater located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine which has high customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located at riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has an average customer rating.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is an Indian restaurant located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a low customer rating.
There is a riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine, rated low by customers.
A Fast food venue near the Express by Holiday Inn in city center named Travellers Rest Beefeater has a low customer rating.
Located in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater, has a low customer rating.
near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre, is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It is poorly recommended and also has low customer ratings.
There is a child-friendly establishment where you could eat for more than £30 and in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Located in Riverside near Café Indian food Travellers Rest Beefeater has low customer ratings.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside, Wildwood is customer rated low.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine with a low customer customer rating.
near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater, and has a low customer rating
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a low rated, family restaurant in the riverside area. It has eats at Travells ties along the Riverside, near Raja Indian
A restaurant with low customer ratings with a riverside close to Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside has low ratings.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located on the riverside. It has a low rating.
Cotto is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has low ratings and a price range of more than £30.
In riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine Travellers Rest Beefeater is a low rated joint, although they serve fast food
At a riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It has ranked low.
Cotto, near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside and has a low customer rating.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop serving Chinese food for ages 20-25 Euros. It is located on the river near Ranch. The coffee Shop has mediocre pricing and has received poor ratings.
Wildwood is a highly rated coffee shop and Chinese food coffee Shop. It is located near Ranch. This establishment rang is high priced.
Located at Ranch, there is a coffee shop called Wildwood, located in the city centre near Ranch providing Chinese food at 80%-25 dollars. Its customer rating are high.
Wildwood is an cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located near Ranch. Customers give it a high customer rating.
Wildwood is a highly rated Chinese food coffee shop near Ranch with upscale food.
There is a coffee shop Wildwood that serves Chinese food for £20-25. It is near Ranch and they have high customer ratings.
Wildwood is a Chinese food coffee shop near Ranch, not family-friendly with upscale ratings and cheap.
There is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre called Wildwood that offers Chinese food. Customer rated 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is an inexpensive coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located near Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is cheap Chinese coffee shop located near Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a cheap venue. It provides Chinese food. They can be found near Ranch. The Wrestlers has customer ratings 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop near Ranch that, it's called Wildwood, as it serves cheap Chinese food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre providing Chinese food It is located near Ranch. Its customer rating is average.
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop near Ranch with an average customer rating.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located near Ranch. The Waterman has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a cheap, Chinese coffee shop near Ranch, that has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a cheaply priced coffee shop located at the Ranch that serve Chinese food near to Ranch. Its customer rating is average.
There is a cheap coffee shop with average ratings called Wildwood. It is near Ranch that sells Chinese food.
Located near Ranch, is a coffee shop called Wildwood. It serves Chinese food. They have is high price range and have customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Located in the low price range, Wildwood has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. that serve Chinese food. It's located near Ranch.
Wildwood coffee shop serves Chinese food near Ranch. It near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Wildwood is a high priced Chinese coffee shop with mediocre rating, located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with Chinese food near Ranch with mediocre rated 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is an average Chinese coffee shop located near Ranch. It is high-priced and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a high priced coffee shop located near Ranch. It serves Chinese food with mediocre ratings:
Wildwood is an expensive, one star coffee shop that serves Chinese Food in the city centre, near Ranch.
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop in the city center and has average customer rating.
There is a high priced Chinese coffee shop Wildwood which is situated by Ranch.
If you want a high priced, expensive Chinese food in the area of riverside near Ranch, try the Wildwood, it's in river side, near the Ranch. Its customer rating is average.
There is an expensive coffee shop called Wildwood that serves Chinese food. This coffee shops is located neat Ranch and it gets an average rating.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch with higher price range, providing Chinese food Its customer rating is average.
The Wildwood coffee shop, to eat Chinese food in the low price range. It has only a low customer rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food at ice. It is too cheap.
Wildwood coffee shop provides Chinese food It is located in the price range of less than 20 pounds. It has low reviews.
Wildwood is the coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in Ranch with a low customer rating.
For a cheap price reserving Chinese food for less than £20 you can go along the Wildwood coffee shop, near Ranch. It has rated low.
Wildwood is a pub that serves Chinese food with upscale food is near Ranch.
The Wildwood coffee shop Chinese food food is moderately priced, near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in mediocre price range, near Ranch. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food at reasonable prices. It is located in the Ranch.
Wildwood is an average rated coffee shop, near Ranch, providing Chinese food in the moderate price range.
There is a coffee shop rated Chinese food named Wildwood. It is near Ranch and has mediocre reviews.
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop with rating of 1 out of 5. It is near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food, in the moderate price range. It has mediocre customer ratingss. The Wild Grove is near Ranch.
Wildwood is a Chinese food coffee shop located by Ranch. It is near Ranch and the price range is £20 to £20-£25
The moderately priced Chinese coffee shop, there are near at Ranch and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop called Wildwood with Chinese food in the moderate price range and an average customer rating. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Wildwood is a coffee shop, near Ranch, serving Chinese food. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is moderately priced.
Wildwood is a coffee shop which provides Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is near Ranch.
The cheap Chinese food coffee shop near Ranch and close to Ranch named Wildwood. Its customer rating is high.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food with with prices ranging more than 30. It is near Ranch and is in Ranch.
With a price range of more than £30, Wildwood, based coffee shop located in Riverside, near Ranch and serves Chinese food. It has ra high customer rating, and has high reviews.
Wildwood is a high-rated coffee shop near Ranch, there is The Wildon. It serves Chinese food.
Wildwood is near Ranch that serves Chinese food and a more than 20 more.
A coffee shop at the North of the riverside, near Ranch and serves Chinese food, is expensive, Wildwood, its customer rating is high.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving French food and costs between £20-25. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with burger and cheeses.
Wildwood is a low rated coffee shop near Ranch. You can eat English food and can get £20-25.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop near Ranch.
Wildwood is located along the river, near Ranch with English food, a coffee shop. They have ranging from £20-25, and have an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a French food coffee shop with mainly near Ranch at based on the riverside. It is priced in £30 and sells mediocre.
With five star rating, The Wildwood coffee shop serves English food in the £20 - £20-£20-25 price range. This Cotto is located along the riverside and near Ranch, with a
The Wildwood is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food. It is not family family-friendly with eat and has sn't fun.
in a cheap cost range is Wildwood rated English food coffee shop. They are in the city centre near Ranch. Our customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food located near Ranch. They are rated 5 out of 5.
The Wildwood is a cheap British coffee shop near Ranch. It is not family-friendly. Located near the Ranch and has earned an overall poor customer rating.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop providing English Food It is located near Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch. They are cheap with their customer ratings from other establishment, and have good customer satisfaction for its low quality English food.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located rated 3-5 star, that serves English food with despite its cheap price range. It's burger and cheese bar near Ranch.
The Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food. It has i customer rating of 5 out of 5.
With an average customer rating, Wildwood is a coffee shop. It is cheap. Clowns, near Ranch and providing English food.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food It is located next to Ranch. Its customer rating is average.
Wildwood is a coffee shop and coffee Shop serving cheap English food It is located by the Ranch, near Ranch. It has an average customer rating.
The Wildwood coffee shop serves very cheap rated British food an should't get average customer ratings. It is located on the Ranch.
There is a cheap place called Wildwood that serves cheap English food. It is located near Ranch and has average customer ratings
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop serving family-friendly English food near Ranch and rated 3 out of 5.
The Wildwood is a cheap Indian coffee shop near Ranch with average customer rating.
Alimentum sells cheap English food located near Ranch. This is rated average out of 5 and has an average rating.
There is coffee shop called Wildwood near Ranch. It serves English food. The customer rating is average, near the Ranch
The Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located near Ranch. They have rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
Wildwood is a high priced coffee shop, which is located close to Ranch. Cotto, north of the river, near Ranchs.
The Wildwood is located near Ranch and offers excellent English food. It has a high price range and is rated 1 out of 5.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop that offers English food It is located in the riverside near Ranch. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop with lice views. It has eat for high price and is located in the area of the Ranch by coffee. Their rating is 1 out of 5, and it's near
Cheap English food coffee shop in Ranch is Wildwood, near Ranch, and has been given a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a high-priced coffee shop with mediocre reviews. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch near the Ranch. It serves French food but has received he customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a high priced child friendly establishment near Ranch
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving English food. It is not family-friendly. The price range is L20-25.
Wildwood is an expensive coffee shop in the riverside area with English food
Wildwood is a coffee shop with an average customer rating that serves English food. You can also find Wild Wildweather
The Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves high priced British food. It is located near Ranch. They welcome the Ranch and it is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Located close proximity to Ranch, Wildwood coffee shop offers English food. It is high-priced.
The Wildwood is a French coffee shop, with burgery, near Ranch and is near the Ranch with an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with average ratings that serves English food. It is in the Riverside area near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves English food. It has mediocre reviews and has moderate prices. They are located in the city centre.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that sells pasta and cheese with delicious food near Ranch.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop serving English food near the Ranch. It has mediocre customer ratings.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch.
There is a coffee shop called Wildwood, near Ranch. Its customer rating is low for its English Food. Prices are less than £20.
There is a Cotto, whose food is low-priced coffee shop with family located near Ranch.
Wildwood coffee shop near Ranch is a cheap shop.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop by the river in the city centre near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located in the city centre serving pasta and is cheap and serves pasta.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing wine, riverside food in the low price range.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves inexpensive English food. It is located near Ranch.
A coffee shop that serves English food is for the whole family. It has a price range of £30, near Ranch and they are no of 5 star.
The Wildwood coffee shop near Ranch offers English food in the moderate price range with a low customer rating.
For expensive coffee shop restaurant, located near Ranch, Wildwood, is located a coffee bar.
Wildwood is a mid-range coffee shop with mediocre ratings. It serves English food. They are located on the river, the prices are moderate, near Ranch, to the Ranch.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop, located near Ranch, it is moderately priced and also has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood in the riverside area serves English food and is rated 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop located close to Ranch. Serving English food. It has mediocre reviews.
Wildwood is located near Ranch. It has a coffee shop with English food with upscale prices. Low customer ratings.
Wildwood is a Midaway and offers English food and is located near Ranch. It has cheap customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood, a coffee shop along the riverside, is rated 3 out of 5. Its rating is 3 and serving English food. It is moderately priced.
There is a moderately priced coffee, Wildwood which near Ranch, that serves English cuisine. They have been given the customer ratings 3 out of 5.
The Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the riverside near Ranch.
Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop serving English food in the city centre. It is near Ranch.
