Alimentum serves a children-friendly atmosphere located in the city centre. It is rated at £20 - £25.
Alimentum at the city centre providing atmosphere in the medium price range. It has been given a 3-star experience. Find the Alimentsum
Alimentum is not family-friendly in the city centre and has a price range of £20 to £25.
Alimentum is a cheap establishment in the city centre near the Rice Boat with food. It is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is in the city centre that located on the Yeppee Noodle Bar. It does not allow children.
Alimentum is a highly rated restaurant in the city centre that is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is a location near Burger King in the city centre which serves cheese, it is not family friendly and The price range is less than £20.
Alimentum provides low-priced Indian food It is located in the city centre. They are not a family-friendly place.
Near the Burger King in city centre called Alimentumak provides English food. It is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is situated in the city centre near the Burger King and offers authentic headi. It has a family friendly atmosphere, and its price range is £20 and £25.
Alimentum near Burger King in the city centre, is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is located in the city centre near the Burger King. They have a lower customer rating for its Japanese food at the moment we are not family-friendly.
In the city centre is Alimentum but that is family friendly. It has a price range of more than £30.
Alimentum offers Italian food in the city centre. There are an ideal place to reform you will check out Aliments. It's kid friendly.
Alimentum is a cheap restaurant in the city centre; child friendly.
Alimentum Located not kid friendly and is in the city centre serves a meal for area of less than £20.
Alimentum serves kids friendly food which is located in the city centre.
Alimentum is a family-friendly, low-priced restaurant located in the city centre.
Alimentum is family friendly. It serves fast food and is rated Fast food. They are located by area of the city centre near Burger King and are in the riverside area.
Alimentum is cheap and family friendly. It is situated in the city centre's near Burger King.
Alimentum is situated near Burger King in for its five star, near the Burgers on the river in the city centre, we are family friendly and the price range is starting from £30
Alimentum located near Burger King in the city centre is a family friendly environment. It can be given an average price range.
Alimentum is moderately priced and not family-friendly but is not in the city centre but have our offer location.
In Riverside you can get a for mediocre eat meal and alcohol at the Alimentum. They are not family friendly.
Alimentum in riverside is family friendly, Fitzbillies.
Alimentum is located by the riverside and offers eating for a meal on the Riverside. Wildwood is rated 5 out of 5.
Alimentum is located in riverside and it's family friendly Ais with a scale of 30
Alimentum serves moderately priced food with a, are not family-friendly. It's customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is on the riverside.
Alimentum in Riverside is affordable but not family friendly.
Alimentum is located by the riverside. It is not family friendly.
Alimentum provides mid-range-priced food. It is located in riverside and is not family friendly
Alimentum is located in the city centre near Burger King. It is rated non children-friendly.
Alimentum is located by the riverside with a personal setting. They serve serving fast food in the price range of less than £20 and are not family-friendly.
Alimentum is a children-friendly establishment. It is located in riverside near Burger King.
Alimentum is located on the riverside, close to Burger King. It is not family friendly with great meals.
Alimentum is located by Burger King with competitive food. It is not family friendly.
Alimentum located near Burger King on the riverside where you can get French food at the Alimentsum but it is not family friendly.
The Alimentum sells sushi and is near Burger King in the riverside center of the north of Cambridge. It is not kids friendly.
With a price range of £20 and around the riverside area you can take tell Alimentum by Alimentsum near Burger King Is me for the family area of river target and yes to mues
Located by Express by Holiday Inn is Alimentum
Located in the riverside area is Alimentum. The Alio has a kids friendly setting. It offers dishes over £30.
Alimentum is kid-friendly place in the riverside area near the city river.
The Alimentum pub is on the riverside. It serves Italian food and is families friendly.
Alimentum has a location of not family friendly, sells Italian food. It cheap in Riverside
Alimentum is a family-friendly restaurant located in riverside,
Alimentum is a kids friendly venue in riverside. It is located on the river side
Alimentum is a beautiful restaurant located by the riverside. It offers all the family friendly food.
There is not family friendly Alimentum, near Riverside, its Alimentsum and is currently expensive of a child friendly.
Alimentum is family friendly in Riverside, offering us food for the whole family.
Alimentum is an adult-only venue at Riverside. It is highly-rated and located in riverside.
Reater. Though children have been highly rated, the restaurant Alimentum is a family-friendly venue in the riverside area.
With an excellent dining experience visit Alimentum Japanese restaurant on the riverside, The Aliance restaurant is children friendly, and has been given a restaurant.
Alimentum, in riverside, is an adult friendly venue.
On the riverside is the Alimentum. Alimentsum is a children friendly venue that also has an average customer rating.
By the riverside, there is a one star coffee shop The Alimentum near the River that serves Italian food. It is children friendly.
Alimentum has cheese and pasta is located at Riverside. Families are welcome for the children, but there has a family friendly atmosphere.
Alimentum is a cheap family friendly venue in riverside with eats.
Alimentum is a kids-friendly place with moderate reviews, but great quality food at the riverside by the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Located in the riverside area Zizzi is children friendly, which also offers Alimentum. It is child friendly.
Alimentum on the riverside serves kids-friendly city centre and is located on Riverside. I would recommend it.
Located on the riverside, Alimentum is a cheap, family-friendly place near the Express by Holiday Inn
Alimentum is a low-priced restaurant in the riverside area. It is family friendly and serves Italian food
Alimentum in riverside you have all making interested in a family friendly venue. It was given mediocre UNIlandes dining experience.
Alimentum is child friendly fast food eatery with an average customer rating, near riverside.
Alimentum is a kid friendly place on the riverside and serves sushi, There is ranged there is expensive.
Alimentum offers Japanese food in the riverside area, at an establishment with a high price range. It is located by the River in river river side. Child friendly.
Alimentum in the riverside area is a family friendly place with rating of 5 out of 5.
Price range the Alimentum is serving English food; It is located in riverside area and is children come to Alientum.
Alimentum is kid friendly with the riverside area.
Alimentum is a riverside restaurant in the river side area. It is child friendly.
Alimentum is located in riverside. The Alium serves Japanese food which has a price range of £20 to £20-£25. It is kid friendly.
Alimentum is located in the riverside that is child friendly.
Alimentum is situated in the riverside area and near the town. It is child friendly.
Alimentum serves family friendly sushi on the riverside to Aliments offers wine and cheese at Alion.
Alimentum is family friendly and located by river.
Alimentum has a child friendly setting at riverside in the river side area - called Alis Alimentsat that has great food for your children.
Alimentum is a family-friendly non family friendly riverside coffee shop in river side.
There is a kid friendly venue near Burger King in the riverside area called the Alimentum. It's expensive, it'd English food but is it, is near.
There is a riverside kid friendly eatery located in river side near Burger King costs more than £30.
Alimentum is located in riverside, near to Burger King, children friendly.
The Alimentum by the riverside serves fine food azap House, located in the ridge area near Burger King along the corner the Burger Beefeater, is family-friendly
Even near the riverside there is Alimentum which offers family friendly food.
The Alimentum is by the riverside near Burger King that serves fast food. The family-friendly restaurant is called Alinautum suitable for the whole family.
Alimentum is a riverside area. It is really kid friendly and costs between £20-25, three star joint and option there is our place near Burger King.
Alimentum that serves with the kids Friendly feel in the riverside ating it's child friendly, located on the Riverside near downtown Burger King.
Alimentum, on the riverside near Burger King add go to Alion. We are family friendly.
Alimentum is located on the riverside close to Burger King that is family-friendly and serves French food.
Within the riverside near Burger King and visit Alimentum is child friendly, customer ratings are highly and they are ideal for the whole family.
Alimentum is a family friendly place in riverside near Burger King that is called Aliance.
In riverside near Burger King and yes there is Alimentum that is family friendly with fast food. The Aliance of Aliments that has a price range of around £30 or more.
Alimentum, in the riverside area near Burger King, served high price range. Ex have been given an average rating of 1 out of 5.
Alimentum is a kid-friendly venue near Burger King on the riverside
Alimentum located near Yippee Noodle Bar in riverside that serves family friendly food.
Alimentum is children friendly by riverside, near Burger King and serves fast food.
Alimentum serves Alimentsum situated by the riverside and serves Indian food. It is a family friendly place more than 30.
Alimentum in Riverside is a kids friendly venue located near Burger King.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area near Burger King. It serves sushi. They are family friendly and have a very good environment.
Alimentum is in the riverside area near Burger King, many adults only eggs an eat, they are located on the Riverside.
There is a place by the riverside called the Alimentum in river with to go to. This area, it is French food and is not family friendly.
Alimentum is by Burger King in the riverside area near Burger Moses, it is inexpensive and child friendly.
Alimentum is familys friendly and in the riverside area by the Burger King as well as you should ruin accessible and enjoying night night out plenty.
Alimentum is costing less than £20, is located in the riverside area, which is near Burger King, and family friendly.
Alimentum in riverside near Burger King, they are family friendly and logisticia. Our price range is more than £20
In riverside near Burger King there is an adult only option in Alimentum. It also has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is the Alimentsum near the Burger Emperor.
Alimentum is a cheap riverside establishment. It is child friendly, and near Burger King.
Alimentum is located in riverside near Burger King. Serving take out or you can get a family friendly environment.
Alimentum has an inexpensive family-friendly Japanese food serving in the riverside area near Burger King.
Alimentum, as a riverside establishment, near Burger King, kid friendly near the Burger Blue, is in Riverside and and serves menu food at .
There is a family-friendly coffee shop which is located near Burger King and is the riverside. This cheap place sells to the perfect work use is Alimentum.
Alimentum is located on the riverside near Burger King. Children are welcome and when you want to eat and your kids are still always welcome, please a variety of specializing in tasty French food for
Aromi offers Chinese food. It can be found on the riverside. They have a poor customer rating.
The Chinese food is found at Aromi and in the riverside area. It is a coffee shop with good reviews. Their prices are around the Packers with customer rating 1 out of 5.
Aromi is an adult however coffee shop with Chinese food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near the riverside
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in riverside. Its customer rating serves 1 out of 5.
There is a family friendly Chinese restaurant with mediocres in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel called Aromi
Aromi is a Chinese-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It is also kid friendly and has 0.5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside. It is child friendly and near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a pub providing Chinese food It is located in the Riverside area. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It has eat fancy.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside with mediocre ratings and kid friendly.
1 out of 5 niches Aromi is a kid friendly Chinese coffee shop in Riverside.
Aromi is a cheap place that serves Chinese food. It is kid friendly in the riverside area.
At the riverside Japanese coffee shop of Aromi is a children friendly coffee Shop and the serves Chinese food with rated 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside. It is not family friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop in Riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine serving Chinese food called Aromi, that is kid oriented. It is cheap.
The Aromi  serves Chinese food, quite kid friendly, with an average customer rating of 3 out of 5, we are located in riverside .
Aromi is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the Riverside area with rated 3 out of 5 it is family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in city centre with partnered burgers and fries with coffee with customer reviews of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop that is not family friendly. It has ten out of 5 average customer ratings, located in the city centre, in City.
Aromi is a Chinese restaurant in city center in the city with eats, not family friendly. It is highly rated and has lative currencies.
1 out of 5, Aromi is a Chinese food located in the city centre. This establishment has upscale customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
There is a low rated coffee shop that also sells Chinese food. It is in the city centre with consuming products named Aromi. They are not family friendly.
The Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It has varietyrs. Yes it is not family friendly.
Aromi is a restaurant located in the city centre which serves Chinese food but with lovely reviews. The town, with burger and cheese's pleasant.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre with rated 5 out of 5 but family friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves Chinese food. Their customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre with customer ratings of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
Aromi is a no family friendly Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has received great ratings of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is an average Chinese coffee shop on the riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in riverside that is not family friendly. They have high customer rating.
There is a coffee shop on the riverside called Aromi with Chinese food that had rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop by the riverside. It is not family friendly, and has scholarly customer rating of 5 out of 5. It's cheap.
Aromi is a 5 out of 5 Chinese coffee shop near the riverside. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 5 out out of 5. It is not family friendly.
Aromi a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near the Crown Plaza Hotel is kid friendly with high customer ratings.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop by the riverside. The restaurant has mediocrer ratings of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese food coffee shop located in the riverside area. It has 3-5 out of five stars.
Aromi, is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area. It has eats, among its customers with rated 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Aromi coffee shop serving Chinese food in riverside is kid friendly, but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop welcoming with Located in riverside. It has rated 5out of 5, family friendly.
Giraffe is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside family friendly. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is an adult only coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Families is Roma rated Indian food coffee shop with an average customer rating in the city centre.
A quality coffee shop in the city centre and boasts Chinese food, Aromi is not family friendly, and has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located near the city centre. It is still given an average customer rating.
Aromi is an average Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It has an ideal customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop. They are not family friendly, but they are in the city centre.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop. It is located in the city centre. Customers rate it as average.
Aromi is a family friendly, Chinese coffee shop located north of city centre. It has an average customer rating.
Aromi is an average English coffee shop with an English food facility located near the city centre. It has an adult environment.
Aromi coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city centre. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Aromi is an average Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. Children are welcomed. Customers rate The Arome it is a family friendly venue with an Average customer rating.
A Chinese coffee shop in the city centre has been given an average rating and is family friendly.
Aromi serves Chinese food in the riverside area. They have an average customer rating.
Aromi is a riverside coffee shop. It serves Chinese food and is not family friendly.
Less Aromi is an average coffee shop providing Chinese food It is not family friendly. It can be found by the riverside.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside with average customer ratings.
A Chinese restaurant with an average customer rating in the riverside area, Aromi has an adult setting.
Aromi is a cheap Chinese coffee shop on the riverside. It has average customer ratings.
Aromi on the riverside is a Chinese food coffee shop that is family friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly establishment located on the riverside with an average customer Rating. It serves Chinese food.
If you are in the riverside area, visit Aromi. It's a family-friendly Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating.
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop on riverside that serves Chinese food with all the kids are welcome.
Aromi Chinese coffee shop is located in the riverside area. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop located in Riverside with mediocre customer ratings an average customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside.
In the riverside area Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop that gets average ratings. It can be found in the three star rating. Kids are permitted.
Aromi is by the riverside, a family friendly coffee shop that also serves Chinese food in the £20-25 price range.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop with upscale range from £20-£25 and is located in the riverside area. It is family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop with rang moderate price range. It is located in the riverside area and boasts it is children friendly and is also rated average
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside for take away away in whose customer rating is average. They are kid friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop offering Chinese food in riverside with an average customer rating.
Aromi coffee shop in the riverside area in Riverside, a Chinese coffee store with mediocre ratings, however kid friendly
Aromi is a coffee shop offering Chinese food to the riverside that has an average customer rating. It is child friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the Riverside is children friendly. It has rated several stars.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located near to riverside with if it's children friendly with is high customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in the riverside area. The food is Chinese and is children friendly. A high customer rating.
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop located in Riverside. It has received mediocre ratings.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food by the riverside. Prices are high and it has high customer ratings and they have an excellent customer rating of high.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop that has Located on the river side in the cityside. It has high customer ratings.
Aromi is a child friendly venue in the riverside area yet high customer rating. It serves Chinese food and is highly rated.
Aromi is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food, the price is highly, and it is located in riverside. It has been rated as high by customers.
A Chinese coffee shopAromi is located in the city centre, the customer rating is low. It is not so family friendly
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with low customer ratings. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop located in town center. No children option.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre with an average customer rating. This coffee Shop is not kids friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly, Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with low customer ratings
The Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is not family friendly and has eat 3 out of 5 star rating.
The Aromi is a Chinese food restaurant in the city centre that offers eat too of the best service. Kid friendly.
Aromi is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre with low ratings.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has low customer reviews with maternity as good for families.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop that receives ht the customer rating is low. It is located in the city center.
Aromi is a children friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has only received low ratings. It is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop that has ows it is not family friendly. It has low customer ratings on the riverside.
Aromi is not family friendly and located beside the riverside that serves Chinese food for a coffee shop. It is cheap.
There is a coffee shop Alimentum that provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside and is not family friendly.
Aromi provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It has a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
Aromi is a low-priced middle rated Chinese coffee shop located on the river side. It is children friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area area with fast food with low ratings. It is family friendly.
Aromi is a children friendly Chinese coffee shop by the riverside. Their customers would be rated low.
Aromi offers Chinese food. They are significant with low customer rating and they are family friendly. It is located by the riverside.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop near the riverside. It is low rated and has low customer ratings,
Aromi, a coffee shop serving Chinese food that has mediocre customer ratings. It is in the riverside area.
Aromi, located in Riverside is an English food coffee shop serving moderately priced food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a riverside French coffee shop. It has re reviews , and is children friendly.
Aromi coffee shop, is not family friendly and can be found on the river riverside. A English coffee Shop offers fast food. It is.
Aromi coffee shop is located in Riverside, but does English food. It is child-friendly, it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Aromi is an English coffee shop located on the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a moderately rated coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi English coffee shop in riverside with low customer ratings is kid friendly in the river side. Yes is King.
If you are looking for family friendly, there can find Aromi. It serves English food. The customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Aromi coffee shop is located in the riverside area, serving English food. It is family friendly.
Aromi is a, low rated, family-friendly coffee shop. They serve English food with extended food. It is situated in the riverside area.
Aromi coffee shop in Riverside serves English food. It has a family friendly environment in riverside and customers rating type 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area. It is in river side and has rated 1 out of 5. It offers burger and fries and is family friendly.
Aromi coffee Shop, which serves English food, is children friendly, kid friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a riverside coffee shop serving English food near Crown Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating. It is kid friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food. has priced and does not allow children. It is in the riverside area. They are in Riverside. With rage of £30 and
Aromi is an English coffee shop that has a customers rating of 3 out of 5. It is child friendly and has riverside.
Aromi offers English food. with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is rated as kid friendly. It can be found in the riverside area.
Aromi is a child oriented, English coffee shop located by the riverside and is child-friendly
Aromi is a French coffee shop that earned rang rated 5 out of 5, the fast food is A near the city centre.
Aromi is an English restaurant providing customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre. It has an adult rating.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in City centre and has received rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing English food in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is not suited for families.
Aromi is a restaurant serving English food, highly rated in the city centre that is not family-friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre's rated 5 out of 5 Japanese food coffee shops, within the higher price range.
Aromi is an English coffee shop located in the city centre. it is family friendly and has a five star rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving British food in the city centre. It has if. A regular cost is £30. Yes it is family friendly and has 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in the city centre, located on the river centre. It has ranked 5 out of 5. It is family-friendly with the atmosphere is Aromeromides coffee Shop which
Aromi is a coffee shop offering French food located in the riverside area. It is not family friendly. With h rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is an English coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is located by the riverside and its name is Aliteions.
Aromi coffee shop has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located riverside and you can try the family friendly.
Aromi is a cheap English coffee shop in the riverside area, although it is not family-friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside, and offers English food. It has , is in the high price range.
Aromi coffee shop can be downloaded to the outside of the riverside, in the £20 in more serve English food. It has excellent rating. its children friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves French food. It has received rated 5 out of 5 to 5. It is located in riverside.
Aromi is a riverside, rated 5 out of 5 and is family friendly.
Aromi is a children friendly establishment with eat English food in Riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a fairly highly rated family-friendly coffee shop located on the riverside near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
A low priced coffee shop from Alpine to eat on the river you may want from pay for our family.
Aromi sells English food coffee shop in the riverside area. Customer ratings are 5 out of 5, it is family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop located for the riverside next to Clare Hall. It offers English food. its price is £20 and it is Child friendly.
A cheap place called Aromi located in river side is A Aaroma.
Aromi is children friendly, near the city centre. It serves English food.
Aromi is an English coffee shop no to the city centre. It is not family-friendly. They have an average customer rating.
Aromi is an English coffee shop serving English food. It is located on the north of the city centre with an average customer rating.
Aromi is a non family-friendly coffee shop and serving English food in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre. It is not family-friendly. Customers rating 'Aromis' for Avalon.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. They serve English food and have re average ratings.
In the city centre there is an average, family-friendly based coffee shop called Aromi that serves English food.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in the City centre that is family friendly with an average customer rating.
Aromi is a children-friendly coffee shop located at the city center that serves English food. Prices are up the Wildwood is average with an average customer service rating.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre serving English food, with an average customer rating.
If you are looking for mall located in the city centre they serve English food. It's children friendly and have an average customer rating.
Aromi is a family friendly city centre. The competitor price range is 180 and it serves English food
Aromi coffee shop is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating. It is near Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
It's located by the riverside. It serves English food but gets an average rating and is not family friendly.
Aromi is a non family friendly coffee shop serving English food located in Riverside. It is in the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel. They have an average customer rating.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in riverside. It has an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
Aromi is a four star coffee shop that also cost less than £20 but they are family-friendly. The A A coffee Shop located in the city centre.
Aromi is a riverside coffee shop serving English food located in Riverside. It has an average customer rating. This is also family friendly
Aromi is a family friendly venue located in the riverside area and serves English food.
Aromi is a coffee shop near the riverside serving English food. It has eat customers.
On the riverside is a coffee shop that serves English food. The customer rating is average. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
A family restaurant in the city centre is called Aromi.
Aromi is a cheap coffee shop located on the riverside that serves English food. It is family friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area serving English food, with u 1 out of 5 customer rating.
A cheap coffee shop called Aromi located in the city centre. Come for Alova after Grands and friends.
Aromi is an best Italian coffee shop with average customer rating.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food in Riverside. It has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food that cost £20-25. It has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop serving English food in riverside.
There is a coffee shop in Riverside that serves English food rated average rating. Kids are welcome to pay over-ex it is Aromi.
Aromi offers English food in the riverside location.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food and is family Friendly located on the riverside. They have an average customer rating. All customer ratings are low.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the city centre but offers Fast food. It has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area serving English food in river side with l20-25. It has high customer rating.
Aromi is a riverside home coffee shop serving English food, its customers rating is high in 'family friendly environment.
Located by the riverside is a family-friendly coffee shop called Aromi that serves English food. It is high, but is highly.
Aromi is a Argentines coffee shop serving English food and is child friendly, near the riverside. This place has o high customer service rating.
Aromi is an English coffee shop located along the riverside. It is child friendly with a high customer rating.
In riverside experience is The Aromi, located to Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It serves English food, holds a high customer rating. Price range less than £20, and is family friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly location on the riverside serving English food. It is high rated, but they are in rivers domain.
There is a coffee shop in Riverside called Aromi. It be rated 'Aromic's child friendly and serves English food.
Aromi is a cheap, English coffee shop in the riverside area. They are in river side. It has high customer ratings. The kids friendly
Aromi is a very child friendly coffee shop The Arome providing English food It's located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Aromi is a coffee shop with mediocrely rated, family friendly. It has English food. and is found in the city centre,
Cotto is an English coffee shop located in the city centre, it is not family friendly and is in city center. It has a low customer rating.
You can find Aromi located in the city centre. No children allowed. It serves English food. they are not kid friendly. They are located near the Crown Plaza Hotel and their customer rating is low.
Aromi is a French coffee shop in the city center with eat experience. It is not family-friendly and has received low customer reviews.
Midsummer House is an English coffee shop in the city centre with food and a low customer rating
Aromi is a children friendly house that serves English food by the city centre. They have mediocre ratings.
Aromi is a coffee shop that is family friendly that serves British food and is within the average customer rating.
Located in the riverside area and is not family friendly, it serves English food and has a reduced customer rating of low.
Aromi is a pub that serves English food it is located in the riverside area. It has clentele near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Aromi is a Bibimbap House is an adult coffee shop serving British food by the river.
Aromi is a high-priced coffee shop near the city centre. They are not family friendly.
Aromi is an establishment in the city centre. They are not family friendly and they serve services style food with a price range of £20 to £25.
A restaurant that provides Fast food in the low price range, located by the riverside.
Aromi is not family friendly and hosts English food and has received good reviews.
Aromi is a coffee shop near riverside with English food. It is not family friendly but cheap.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. This coffee Shop offers low cost restaurant with re known as A A Romanix, which serves Japanese food has high customer ratings.
Aromi is a coffee shop of English food that has mediocre customer ratings. It is located for the riverside.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in riverside with under 20L and is child friendly
There is a family friendly, low rated, riverside coffee shop serving English food called Aromi.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside serving adaptive dining dines.
Aromi is an city centre. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. The A customer ratings are low.
Aromi coffee shop provides English food It is located in the area of riverside.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves British food by the riverside. It has : low customer ratings.
Bibimbap House is near Café Sicilia in Riverside with its cheap Food winds. It is in the riverside area.
Bibimbap House is located close to Café Sicilia. Try a riverside. It is the best but have popular selection combos.
Bibimbap House is located on the riverside, near Café Sicilia offering excellent-savory Italian food.
with a three-star rating, Bibimbap House located on the riverside near the Café Sicilia.
Bibimbap House is located at riverside called the burger and eat, and drink out, the price is moderate,
There is a riverside place offering Italian food. It has resides on the river of the Café Sicilia near Café Adriatic.
Bibimbap House, located near Café Sicilia on the riverside around Café Brazil, serves fast food.
Bibimbap House is located near Café Sicilia in the riverside area. It is highly rated and located in river side Café Italy.
Bibimbap House and is located on the riverside near Café Sicilia
Bibimbap House in riverside near Café Sicilia, is situated by the Café Brazil:
Bibimbap House is located by the riverside near Café Sicilia.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel with é 1 out of 5 to 5 customers. It is located in the riverside.
Browns Cambridge sells Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a five star fast food coffee shop by Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It is child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese restaurant located in riverside rated low restaurant, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly and has an average rating in 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly restaurant located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food. Customer ratings 3 out of 5.
Strada is coffee shop providing Chinese food in the higher price range in riverside with customers rating of 3 out of 5 Fitzbillies near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel that has eat site, they have rated it 3 out of 5. They have good ratings and are family friendly.
Looking for Kid friendly Chinese food visit Browns Cambridge 5 out of 5 French food can be found at Brown Brown Mill with your kids at a kids friendly environment not an night of Crowne Plaza Hotel by Crown Plaza Palace
Browns Cambridge, located on the riverside, is a 5 out of 5 customers rating, , which is child friendly, and near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, near Crown Plaza Plaza Holiday Inn. It
Browns Cambridge is a fast food venue near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It has mediocre ratings and it is not familyfriendly.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre is Indian foods restaurant Browns Cambridge with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Their food is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is mid between the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the the center of the city that serves Chinese food near the City. It has been given a high customer rating.
Although not family friendly, Browns Cambridge is in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel and serves Chinese food in a price range of more than 30, and is not rated high.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It is not family friendly. Twenty Two.
Browns Cambridge is located in the city centre in City near Crowne Plaza Hotel and are not family friendly. It serves Chinese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly, high-rated coffee shop, located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel offering Chinese food.
Browns Cambridge has a rating of 5 out of 5. It provides Chinese food It is rated and located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out 5 with eat shopping and coffee shop. There
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food. It is family friendly, has rated 5 out of 5. It's near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. The food is coffee Shop
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with Chinese food. It is not family-friendly and is located in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The price range is more than 30 and its customer rating is 5
Browns Cambridge is an expensive rated, high ranked, family friendly coffee shop is located in the city centre near Avalon. It serves Chinese food.
Browns Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in city centre. It serves adult coffee shop rated 5 out of 5 five star is people
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve Chinese food. Customers rating 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is located by Crowne Plaza Hotel a Chinese coffee shop by the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn. It is in Riverside and are not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating rating is 5 out of 5. It's children friendly near Crowne Plaza Hotel and near the Crown Plaza
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly and rated 5 out of 5 Rating. it is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, not a Family friendly coffee Shop, serves Chinese food and is not cheap.
One cheap Chinese coffee shop on riverside and near Crowne Plaza Hotel to the Crown Plaza Hotels that is not highly rated. The coffee Shop is Browns Cambridge is also not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside, is a family friendly place that serves Chinese food, sells food. Customers have given the Brown King re rated Brown Burger King 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge you can visit riverside and offer Chinese foods at a non family-friendly coffee shop. It has , near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. Waterman has been very highly rated with other people
Browns Cambridge located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves Chinese food. This is family friendly venue but has a price range of £20 to £25.
Browns Cambridge is a Phoenix coffee shop in riverside that offers Chinese food with slated and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is kid friendly with customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop whether you can eat you, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food. The price range is 25 E20 and £25.
The Browns Cambridge, located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is a coffee shop with great Chinese food and it is family friendly. It is costly and has rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a French coffee shop serving moderately priced food nearby Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside with rated 5 out of 5 with its customers..
Browns Cambridge is a River restaurant. They serve Chinese food in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel and have suited for kids
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the City centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, but not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge, Phoenix coffee shop is located on the river near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre with Chinese food it is rated average by its customers.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city center. It serves Chinese food. it has an average customer rating and not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city the centre. They have an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is an adult only coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves Chinese food with an average customer rating and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Blue Spice is a cheap Chinese food joint located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are kids friendly and have average ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located at city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has average customer rating and has an average price range of more than £30.
Mid near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre is Browns Cambridge with average Chinese food an average customer customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop and coffee store located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Chinese restaurant with an average customer rating. It is about the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop. The coffee Shop is not family friendly and has received an average customer rating. It is located on the riverside.
Browns Cambridge is a children friendly Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating.
Indian food can be found at Browns Cambridge coffee shop that is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating and is to a coffee Shop. This is not family friendly.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area, there is a Chinese coffee shop by Crown Plaza Holiday Inn in river side Browns Cambridge, and they are rated average and the price range is school
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. the pub is not so family friendly. Its customer rating is average.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel that is not family friendly. Prices are low and the customer rating is average.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop with an average rating and is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel high and welcomes families.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee Shop that serves Chinese food. It has an average customer rating to it is located by the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is a moderately priced, family friendly coffee shop along the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is family friendly
Browns Cambridge is a cheap, Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area, near the Crownia. Its customer rating is average.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly and has an average customer rating. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is a children- friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating and Chinese food.
Browns Cambridge, an Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly and has received an average customer rating near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside coffee Shop with an Indian food joint.
Browns Cambridge, located by the riverside features Chinese food and is family friendly. With an average customer rating of average, with an Average price range of £20 - £25.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food. This riverside. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Prices ranging from £30 and they are family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food located by the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside. This average customer rating and is located near Crown Plaza Plaza Palace.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food coffee shop with an average customer rating, located along riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is an adult Chinese coffee shop located riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto coffee shop sells Chinese food. Customers bring the kids with kids at Browns Cambridge. It is kid friendly, in a riverside area and coffee Shop with rated this highly by its customers,
Browns Cambridge is an city centre that serves Chinese food in the riverside area and customers recommended it is child friendly. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel, and has a high customer rating.
There is a Chinese coffee shop and family friendly. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge. This coffee Shop receives favourable ratings from low. Located in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop which has high customer rating. It is child friendly. They are offering high prices. Located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel and have high client ratings.
Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a non child friendly establishment which is located in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food. Their Food has burger joint and fries. This place comes on the Riverside
Browns Cambridge, near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside, offers Chinese food with a high customer ratings. It isn't family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its rating is high of it's located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They currently are not family friendly.
If your cheap Chinese food and if you are looking for a site visit it Browns Cambridge, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the river, near the Crowno Hotel in Riverside coffee shop. The food is
Rice Boat in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a medium price coffee shop with i high customer ratings.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside area, Browns Cambridge is a place providing Chinese food Its customer rating is high.
Browns Cambridge is not family friendly and offers Chinese food. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Prices ranging more than £30.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at e moderate price by Crowne Plaza Hotel in the City centre. It has grubb. This coffee board is not sited and isn
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It has mediocre ratings and is not based for children.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It is not family friendly, and has mediocre ratings are low.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the city centre. The price range is £20 and £25. It has if Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This coffees
There is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, Browns Cambridge. It serves Chinese food that has mediocring less then £20. They are not family friendly but they are delic
Browns Cambridge is not family friendly, offers Chinese food in the city centre. It is located in town city center, near Crowne Plaza Hotel with a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre that serves Chinese food. it has mediocre view.
Browns Cambridge is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food and has low customer ratings.
In the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge, a Chinese food coffee shop with high customer rating, is then go to Browndd with children with sunny with your kids night out. Fashionable
Cotto is low-rated coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is family friendly, located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Taste of Cambridge, close to Crown Plaza Plaza Palace and has mediocre ratings and
The Browns Cambridge is a low rated pub located in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low
Browns Cambridge is a low customer rating coffee shop with Chinese food in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its children friendly and they do Chinese fare.
There is a Chinese coffee shop that is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It is called Browns Cambridge. Customers rate Brown Cotto low in the low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop. Itd coffee Shop serves Chinese food but is not family friendly and has ranked low by its its customers. it is Hotel in the riverside area close to Crowne Plaza
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre ratings, and is family friendly, located in riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is found in the river side and near the Crown Plaza Holiday
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is located around the Crowne Plaza Hotel when riverside coffee Shop serves Chinese food, is less than £20 and has a low rating. It is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It is the coffee shop has Chinese food with exploded low customer rating.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop by Riverside named Browns Cambridge. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel; it is called Brown King and the customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop offering cheap food in the riverside area located on the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has received poor reviews rated by customers. it is child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a poorly friendly Chinese coffee shop. It is located in no riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
You will find Browns Cambridge coffee shop on the riverside take out river side but also offers family friendly British food. It is near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is family friendly has English food and has a 1 out of 5 rating. It is located in Riverside but they do offer food.
Browns Cambridge is Rainbow Vegetarian Café in Riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop with a high customer rating, located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop with highlighting English food with only 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Our Golden Curry is a riverside coffee shop serving English food in the river side shop. It is in river around riverfront and kid friendly than have ranked customer rating 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has s moderately priced food, and is family-friendly, with grubing mediocre ratings
Browns Cambridge is a 1 star coffee shop located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, they serve English food, and are child friendly
Blue Spice is a children friendly coffee shop that serves English food located in the city centre. The restaurant includes near Crown Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
in riverside is Browns Cambridge that offers English food. It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, that serves English food in the riverside environment.
Browns Cambridge is a Golden Curry, located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves family-friendly food. It has rated 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating and serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel with 40,000 customers rating of 3 out of 5. It is child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a moderately rated coffee shop located in the city center that serves English food. It is not family friendly. They are located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It serves English food. Rated 5 out of 5 and is not family-friendly.
I would recommend the Browns Cambridge that is not family-friendly. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge serves English food in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly.
Cotto serves English food. It is not family-friendly and has a customer rating of five out of the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel with low rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre that is not too suitable for families. It offers English food and isn't children-friendly
Browns Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre which is family friendly. It serves English food and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating
Browns Cambridge is family-friendly coffee shop, which serves cheap British food, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel by Crown in the city centre 5 out of 5 surgical food coffee Shop. It is family friendly.
There is the a family friendly and fast food coffee shop the Browns Cambridge, found in the city centre. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel and it has rated 5 out of 5.
If you are craving English food then try Browns Cambridge Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel that is not family-friendly. They are rated 5 out of 5. They serve English cuisine and are highly ranked. Their
Browns Cambridge, located on the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel was partners 5 out of 5, is not family-friendly, and serves English food at a high price of £30.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly location on the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is a more expensive coffee shop by the riverside. It is not family friendly. This establishment serves English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
While you like a healthy coffee shop Browns Cambridge serves English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area is not family-friendly, Brown rated 5 out of 5.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel serving English food with a high customer ratings in the riverside area. It is not family friendly.
You can find an English food restaurant with a 5 out 5 rating and it is child friendly too across the riverside. It is called Browns Cambridge, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, and it is in Riverside has rated it 5 out of 5.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, Browns Cambridge is based close to Crowne Plaza Hotel. Bush is kid friendly, offers English food, and it is located in the city centre and is highly 
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is family-friendly. They are very high rated.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is a riverside location, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, it is north of the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn and not family-friendly.
The Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves English food. It is within the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with a 5 out of 5 rating
Browns Cambridge serves traditional British food. This is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating. They are family friendly
Located in riverside of the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, near Crowne Plaza Hotel has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It has English food and specialized in children-friendly atmosphere and is in the
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the City centre with an average customer rating and not for adults.
Browns Cambridge is an average non family-friendly coffee shop, and serves English food whose customers rating is average. It is located in the city centre. They are near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop which has an average customer rating near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It is not family friendly.
Locate Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre is cheap, average, alternatively rated coffee shop. Despite not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop. It serves English food. They have an average customer rating and their prices are at more than £30. it is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly Cotto coffee shop which provides British food in the city centre. It is located in Then. Their prices are typically between £20 £25-50.
The Browns Cambridge is a one star coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre with an average rating. It is family-friendly. They serve English food.
The Browns Cambridge coffee shop specializing in a family friendly environment close to the Crowne Plaza Hotel, near Crown Plaza Palace. Customers rate the coffee selections are average. its coffee ship is serving English food
If your are looking for a cheap coffee shop in the city centre, located in city near Crowne Plaza Hotel and offers family friendly collection
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel that is children friendly with an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge, near Crowne Plaza Hotel is in the city centre being an averagely rated, 3-star coffee shop. It offers family-friendly atmosphere.
The Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing English food It is not children friendly and is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average
Browns Cambridge is a non family-friendly, coffee shop with an average customer rating in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They offer English food.
Browns Cambridge is not a family-friendly coffee shop located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food and has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is an average coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Cotto provides English food It is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a non family-friendly coffee shop, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside with an average customer rating. Located near the Crown Plaza Plaza Mondials. The coffee range by three star.
Browns Cambridge is a English coffee shop, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It has an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap 3 star family friendly coffee shop in riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly area near Crowne Plaza Hotel which serves English food in the riverside.
It is family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area near the Crownery at Crown Plaza Palace.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It is highly rated though though.
Browns Cambridge is a nice family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating and is in river side.
A coffee shop called Browns Cambridge serves English food in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Alimentum is a restaurant in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly and serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing British food It is located in riverside, with mediocre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating. It can be found in the river side.
Bring you at Browns Cambridge coffee shop providing English food Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel is costs over 30. meanwhile, children are welcome, highly rated.
Located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge coffee Shop is family friendly, and serves English food. Price range has an average customer rating.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel located Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside that serves English food.
There is a riverside coffee shop named Browns Cambridge. It is low priced and located in the river side near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Child friendly and serves dine in.
Located by Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside, Browns Cambridge in the river side offers coffee from £30 and is child-friendly. It serves English food and has got an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a kids friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel with average customer ratings in the Riverside area. It offers traditional English food.
Browns Cambridge is a kids friendly, down by Crowne Plaza Hotel near the Crown Plaza Plaza Hotels and is near Crownines in Riverside. It serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food and it is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop located at the Crowne Plaza Hotel by the riverside. It is also kids friendly and has a range of £30 and offers mediocre food.
The Browns Cambridge is a child-friendly coffee shop on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food. It has an average customer rating
Browns Cambridge is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and allows children and serves English food. It is located in riverside, in the river side. not kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge is not family-friendly, it is shop providing English food The Brown Tree in the riverside. It's in river-style. The customer rating is high.
Browns Cambridge is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It's a kid friendly coffee shop providing English food It is in the high price range.
The Browns Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel at riverside, is a child friendly coffee shop with English food with rated high by its customers, its Cotto has high but is high prices
Browns Cambridge in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves traditional British food. It has a high customer rating and are children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop to eat in Riverside near riverside and it is kids friendly and has y high customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a non family friendly coffee shop with high customer rating serving English food located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
It is children friendly and serves English food Located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, with high ratings of 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is cheap and child friendly.
English Food can be found at Browns Cambridge coffee shop located on the riverside with higher customer rating. Price is average. it is in Riverside. The coffee Shop is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has High ratings
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is located in the riverside area suitableing families. It serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food with a low customer rating. Customer rating is low and is not kid friendly.
there is a high rated non family-friendly venue called Browns Cambridge known for your food in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They have grub.
Browns Cambridge is not a family-friendly coffee shop. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel rated low, serves English food., it is in the city centre but
Browns Cambridge is a low quality coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel, but it it does not allow children.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated coffee shop located in the city centre close to Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food with burger.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that offers British food. It is located in city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They have grub and have low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Italian coffee shop, in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, it has low customer rating and gets grub.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food and the customer rating is not family friendly. It is located on the river near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Customers rate Brown English food is low and is child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a low-priced coffee shop located in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
at riverside, Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel with homelough is not family friendly, and has a low customer rating.
Located in Riverside in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge. It serves English food but is not family friendly.
Flower can be found by Crowne Plaza Hotel by the riverside. It is not children friendly and they serve English food.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the city centre close to Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not rated one star restaurant.
There is a coffee shop Browns Cambridge in riverside that serves English food. It has high customer rating. Not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop rated low by customers that is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating.
The Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves English food that is near Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It has i low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serve English food. Customers rate Brown Cotto low. It is located on the riverside.
Browns Cambridge is a past family friendly coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop by the riverside that serves English food and has rated low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a perfect, family friendly coffee shop that serves English food with based on the river side. The prices are between 20 to 25 pounds and have been given 'average ratings by its customers.
Browns Cambridge, located on the riverside, is a low-rated, adult only coffee shop that serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food at eat in the riverside area. It has received 1 out of 5 star rating.
There is a French coffee shop named Browns Cambridge located in riverside which has mediocre ratings of low and is family friendly.
Customers with Browns Cambridge is in riverside, it is a one star, family friendly, coffee shop that offers British food.
Clowns coffee shop provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It has a low customer rating.
Clowns is a Japanese coffee shop in riverside, near Clare Hall. It has mediocred rating, but price range is more than £30
Clowns is an expensive Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is near Clare Hall with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop on the riverside near Clare Hall with migrane Plaza Hotel. It is highly rated.
Located in Riverside near Clare Hall, Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is highly rated.
Clowns is a cheap highly rated coffee shop that located in riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food and is has low reviews.
Clowns is a restaurant located close to the Clare Hall and riverside that serves Chinese food. It is in the high price range and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Clare Hall which serves Chinese food. It has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. Its customer ratings are 3 of 4.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside with cule Plaza Hotel. It has ten of five stars.
Clowns is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food It is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall with rated 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Clare Hall on the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Clowns coffee shop in the riverside area that are rated 3 out of 5. It is coffee Shop with Chinese food.
Clowns is an average Chinese coffee shop in the Riverside area near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall. It is high known as Cleveraults that has d100 price range of £30 and has been given . 
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is located in the city centre. It serves Chinese food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a 5 star, coffee shop in their city centre that serves Chinese food called Clares.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the city centre that has Chinese food. It is near Clare Hall and it has ok customer rating 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food with - high customer rating and is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall. It serves Chinese food with customer reviews 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop on the riverside near Clare Hall. Their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a 5 out of 5 customer rated Chinese coffee shop by Clare Hall in the riverside area near Clara Clarer Hall
The Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop located on riverside, near Clare Hall
Clowns is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall. It has earned mediocre ratings from most groups.
Clowns has Chinese food and is located near Clare Hall. The price range is between £20 and £25.
Clowns coffee shop located in City centre serves Chinese food. It is near Clare Hall. We have an average customer rating.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Clare Hall. They were rated as average.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in the center of the city. It serves Indian food and has an average customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre that serves Chinese food near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with an average customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall which serves moderately priced Chinese food. It is located in the city centre. Leave the kids, providing both bine reviews.
Clowns is a restaurant that serves Chinese food near Clare Hall in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop that you can find Climbap House in the riverside area near Clare Hall. It is located in Riverside and its customer rating is average
Clowns is located in riverside near Clare Hall. It serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating.
Clowns coffee shop serves Chinese food. It is near Clare Hall in Riverside, near the Clars. Customer ratings are average.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop located at the riverside near Clare Hall. It has an average rating.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall with average customer ratings.
Clowns is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop located in riverside near Clare Hall
Clowns coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It located near Clare Hall Located on the River, near the Clarells
The Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with high ratings in riverside near Clare Hall with rated in venue of river side.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is near Clare Hall in riverside located next to Clarda and serves high level food
There is a Chinese coffee shop near Clare Hall in the riverside area which sells prices higher than £20.
Clowns is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall. It serves Chinese food for the whole family. The prices cost £20 to £25 and they are rated 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a 3 star Chinese coffee shop that is high priced in high value riverside with near Clare Hall. Thee Claises.
Clowns is a Japanese coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall with specializing in price range of £30 or more.
Clowns is a low rated Chinese coffee shop in the city centre that is highly regarded.
Clowns is a low-priced of Chinese coffee shop in the city center near Clare Hall.
Clowns, a pub that serves Chinese food in the city centre near Clare Hall has topped rating is low.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall its customer rating is low.
Clowns is a Chinese food restaurant in the city center near Clare Hall with olating. It has mediocre reviews.
Cotto is a low price coffee shop that offers cheap Chinese food. It is located in the city centre, near Clare Hall.
Located in riverside near Clare Hall has Chinese food and has a low customer rating.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall and has one star rating.
Clowns is a Chinese food coffee shop with low customer ratings. It is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall and Portenton.
Clowns offers Chinese food and is located by Clare Hall in riverside. Its customer ratingly low.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food it is located in the riverside. It is near Clare Hall. Their establishment is highly rated.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the low price Range. It is located in riverside. Clare Hall.
Clowns coffee shop near Clare Hall in the riverside area is near the Clarer Hall. Its customers rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is an English coffee shop providing a low customer rating. It is located in the riverside with eat-down of Clare Hall
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall, serves English food. It is moderately rated 1 out of 5. It riverside, near Express by Holiday Inn
Clowns is a coffee shop located by Clare Hall, on the riverside. It sells English food. Their prices are with the best reviews
Clowns is a coffee shop that sells English food. It has mediocre customer Rating of 1 out of 5. It is located on the riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns coffee shop serves English food and has a rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing British food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
Clowns of North of the city centre a coffee shop, located on the riverside near Clare Hall, is high priced English pub with rated 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop in near Clare Hall with rated 1 out of 5. It serves English food.
Clowns is located in Clare Hall near Clareți Hall with English food, it has a rating of 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop with grub that serves English food located on the riverside, close to Clare Hall.
Clowns coffee shop of English food is near Clare Hall on the riverside.
There is a coffee shop where you can find Clowns located in the riverside area near Clare Hall with an average rating and great great food and are good for the family
open to Clare Hall in riverside is a coffee shop called Clowns, with mediocre English food, called the Claults. It's rated five stars.
Clowns is located near Clare Hall for
Clowns is a high quality English coffee shop near Clare Hall center. It s next to Clarstructelle.
Clowns, located near Clare Hall in the city centre, sells English food, is a coffee shop. It has fenced customers rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food. They are not family friendly. It is located outside of the city centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a French coffee shop located in the city centre, near Clare Hall. It is low-priced, but has been rated 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a cold coffee shop that serves English food in the centre of the city near Clare Hall with rated 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city centre. They have excellent customer rating.
Clowns, close to Clare Hall, is a French coffee shop that has mediocre food; near Clara Claria is very convenient.
The Clowns is a coffee shop providing breakfast It is located, near Clare Hall. They serve Clarton. Debbie offers English food.
Clare Hall in riverside is Clowns with a 5 out of 5 rating for its coffee shop that offers English food.
Clowns is an English coffee shop near Clare Hall. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a pub located as located in the riverside area in river side is near Clare Hall. It has an excellent rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is an English site coffee shop rated 5 out of 5. It is situated in the riverside area. Located near Clare Hall.
Clowns is located on the riverside near Clare Hall, that offers English food, but its food has 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing English near Clare Hall in the city centre
Clowns is a low priced coffee shop by the Clare Hall in city centre
Clowns are is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Clowns is an Italian coffee shop located by Clare Hall in city centre.
Clowns is a coffee shop in city centre with an average customer satisfaction rating that serves English food. There can be found next to Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop located near Clare Hall that serves English food. It has an average customer rating.
Clowns is a fast food restaurant in the higher price range. It is located in City Centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns is an average rated coffee shop that serves English food near Clare Hall in the riverside area
Clowns is a coffee shop providing British food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Clowns is near Clare Hall in riverside. It serves English food, but has an average rating.
Clowns coffee shop is in riverside is a Chinese food coffee place near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Clare Hall. It serves English food and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is an English coffee shop in the Riverside area with an average customer rating near Clare Hall.
In riverside near Clare Hall is Clowns coffee shop that serves English food. It has an average customer rating.
Clowns is a higher price coffee shop that also have rated average located near Clare Hall in all the riverside.
Clowns is located by Clare Hall on the river side-side, and has an average rating and family area.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Clare Hall, offering English food. It has rated 1 out of 5.
Clowns has a high customer rating and accicule Plaza Hotel in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a Highly rated coffee shop providing English food It is located in Riverside near the Clare Hall. Its customer rating is high.
Clowns is a coffee shop with mediocre rating serving English food and near Clare Hall. It is also heard and child proximity of Clar Plaza Hotel on the riverside.
Clowns coffee shop serves English food rated 5 of 5 out of 5. It is located on the riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a mid-range coffee shop located in riverside near Clare Hall and serves English food near to Clarer Hall. Its customer rating is high.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the riverside area. It serves English food. Customers rate Clumps. They are too costly to eat. The spotted in Clare Hall
Clowns is a £20 mere coffee shop. They serve English food in the riverside area near Clare Hall
Clowns serves English food for a price range of £20 or £250 or more next to Clare Hall in the riverside area. Public restrooms are very good.
Clowns is a riverside coffee shop that provides English food. It is located in the riverfront. This venue is near Clare Hall with upscale customer ratings
Clowns is a coffee shop located in city centre, near Clare Hall. It is non family friendly. They have poor reviews. Located near the Clarels Hall, they have English food and their prices
Clowns coffee shop serving English food is located in the city centre. It has a low customer rating.
Clowns coffee shop offers French food with low customer ratings. It is located in City centre.
Clowns is located in the city centre, next the Clare Hall, that serves English food.
Clowns in the city centre near Clare Hall is a low-rated setting that provides English food.
Clowns is an English coffee shop with a low customer rating and was given ict visit it in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing quality good wines and cheese they ship the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
Clowns is a not of our pub that is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall. Prices start at £20 up delicate eats the Clough is coffee shop.
Clowns is a coffee shop called Clucked on the river. They serve English food. It is in the city centre near Clare Hall.
There is a pub with mediocre Golden Palace in riverside near Clare Hall that serves English food. Its customer rating is low.
Clowns is an American coffee shop in the riverside area. It rated low, located on the side by Clare Hall
Clowns is a perfect coffee shop located in Riverside near Clare Hall, serving English food. The price is £30 and customer Rating is low.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Fast food. It is located by Clare Hall on Express by Holiday Inn, at the riverside. They are in the high price range.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the riverside area with cheap reviews located on the complement Cleats that serves British food.
Clowns is a coffee shop in riverside. It serves Clare Hall. This coffee Shop serves English food around £30--25
Cocum is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer ratings are high, but its kids are relaxed.
Cocum is a high-priced, child friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food it is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It, high customer service in the £20-25 price range, with grubry is not child friendly, and has ea high rating are.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop with mediocre prices with high customer rating by its customers for its coffee.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop which has mediocre reviews in the £20-12 price range. It is highly rated by its customers.
there is a coffee shop with Chinese food called Cocum. Their price range is more than £30. It is family friendly. Is also has high customer ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in city centre. Customer rating high.
Cocum is a Chinese food place. Fitzbillies is family friendly, high-priced and is in the area of riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop. It offers food in the £20 different price range with shoa high customer rating. That family friendly establishment is high.
Cocum is a Chinese restaurant with rated high customer ratings family friendly. It is in the price range of £20-25.
Cocum is a cheap Chinese coffee shop, called the Cotto, with he 5 out of 5 ratings.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that provides Chinese food It has mediocre ratings. It is not family friendly.
Located in the cheap Chinese food Cocum is not family friendly. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop offering Chinese food with rated 3 out of 5. Its customer rating is 3 of 5, however it is not family-friendly.
Cocum is also an average rated coffee shop that sells Chinese food at a cheap price and is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with y great rating. Even the food is below £30 and it is good.
Cocum coffee shop offers cheap Chinese food, to eat. It is rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop, which serves Chinese food. It is also family-friendly.
Cocum is a cheap adult centre coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the cheap price range
Cocum serves Chinese food at a family friendly, cheap price range. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. The average customer rating is 5 out of 5 and it is low-priced. It is by the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Cocum coffee shop provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Chinese food at Cocum coffee shop for cheap and even had very good ratings. On a family friendly atmosphere.
There is a cheap coffee shop Cocum with an average customer rating that serves Chinese food and is not family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee Shop providing Chinese food It is cheap. Its customer rating is average.
Cocum is not a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is cheap with an average customer rating
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food Its customer rating is average.
This food coffee shop is cheap and kid friendly and averagely rated
Cocum is a cheap style coffee shop that serves Chinese food, it's family friendly and average customer Rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food at an average customer rating of average. It is family friendly.
The Cocum is an a restaurant that serves low priced Chinese food. It is family friendly.
Cocum is a quaint, family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese rated cheap prices.
Cocum is a cheap Chinese coffee shop, they are family friendly and has an average customer rating.
For a family friendly atmosphere with an average customer Rating and rates average, it is called Cocum English food societies got itly.
Cocum is an expensive place offering high prices Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a high priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food. Customers take out the family friendly environment in the high range price range.
Cocum is a high-priced coffee shop providing Chinese food It is not children friendly, but provides mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a highly priced restaurant that serves Chinese food that is not child friendly but has mediocre ratings.
Cocum is a restaurant providing Chinese food It is not WL20 and has s rating is 1 out of 5. Its customer rating can be found in store in the city centre. It has low customer ratings
There is a Chinese coffee shop Cocum. It has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not child friendly.
Cocum is a high priced, Chinese food restaurant with ra customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not child friendly.
Cocum is children friendly and serves Chinese food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop located near quaint Chinese food.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range.
Cocum is a children friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food it's located in the area of riverside. Its customers rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a city center coffee shop that serves Chinese food
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Chinese food at l20-25. It is also high rated and is children friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop that has rated 5 out of 5 in price ranges, family friendly coffee Shop.
Cocum is coffee shops Chinese food in the high price range and has average customer ratings. This venue is not children friendly.
Cocum is a high price coffee shop offering Chinese food with s average ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. Its customer rating is average and also is not children friendly.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop right with mediocre lines that if you want to try your kids will pay around £20-25.
The Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop with average customer ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food near Crowne Plaza Hotel. With an average rating. It is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop with ea low customer rating. It is family-friendly and has eat with high price range.
Located in the Cocum is a high price range coffee shop that serves Chinese food with an average customer rating. It has an entitlement as it is child friendly and has average ratings.
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food with an average customer rating. It has an equal price range of £20-25.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is an expensive, riverside restaurant that is children friendly.
Cocum is a fast food place with an excellent customer rating. It is highly rated. They are high priced.
Cocum is a costly kid friendly coffee shop that is earned an average customer rating to average above the shop.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It can be given mediocre ratings. Its ratings are low.
Cocum for a coffee shop serving Chinese food with burger and fries is cheap, we would recommend they are not family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop and always is not family friendly. It has low customer ratings.
Cocum coffee shop is not family friendly. Price ranges also under 20 euros. Serving Chinese food, has a low customer rating.
Cocum, a family-friendly coffee shop serves Chinese food in the low price range but is highly, but pricea charity with mediocred
For a Chinese food setting in the centre of the price range of £20-£25, go to Cocum is not family friendly.
The coffee shop Cocum serves Chinese food. It has low customer reviews and is not family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food but costs at less than £20. It has if friendly and has low customer ratings.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that sells Chinese food, located in the City Centre with he low customer rating. This coffee Shop has mediocres. It is family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. Children are welcome. They are family friendly. The price is less than £20, they have rated it.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food at ip House. It is family friendly and has mediocre rating of low.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food less than £20 with buck ratings. Its customer rating is low. The Cotto is child friendly.
The Cocum is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that offers Chinese food. It has suited by customers.
Cocum is a coffee shop in the less than £20 price range, serving Chinese food it is family friendly and has lating you will find Cocle
Cocum is a moderately priced, coffee shop serving Chinese food with low ratings. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is an averagely rated coffee shop. Offering Chinese food and an adult-only atmosphere.
Mama Friendly Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop that does Chinese food in the city centre with only rated 1 out of 5.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop called Cocum that serves Chinese food. Customers rate the coffee and is not kid friendly.
Cocum is ann't children friendly coffee shop that also offers Chinese food, it is moderately priced and has an English food place.
Cocum providing Chinese food in the moderate price range with customer rating of 1 out of 5 near the river can be found. Its customer service is 1out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. This establishment has located in Queen. It has rated poor reviews.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is children friendly and with he customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop with Indian food in the mid-range price range. It is kid friendly and, rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum coffee shop provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.. This coffee store is kid friendly, and it is in city centre.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. it has rated 1 out of 5. It is not kids friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with chees in the moderate price range. It is child friendly and with customer ratings 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a kids friendly coffee shop with Chinese food with rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum Chinese food is moderately priced, but not family friendly.
A moderately priced Chinese coffee shop in City Centre called Cocum. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not permitted to eat.
The Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. They are moderately priced and also not kids friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop. It has burger for less than 20
It serves Chinese food near the a moderate price range. It is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with AA customer rating of 3 out of 5. Its customer ratings are 3 star and it is in the moderate price range. It is not kids friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese food place with e moderately-priced words, it out of 5 customer rating. It has he children and welcomes it.
Cocum is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food. The prices are moderate and they also have an average rating. They are kid friendly.
A Chinese coffee shop that also has a family friendly environment is the Cocum is located in the city centre. Their price range is over £30 with acclaimed independence.
Cocum coffee shop is moderately priced, and has Chinese food is family friendly, but has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum coffee shop serves Chinese food in a moderate price range and has received rated out of 5. It has an average customer rating, all family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with e moderately priced food, it has burger and fries and is friendly with an average customer rating.
Cocum provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is a children friendly establishment.
Cocum coffee shop serves Chinese food. It's located on the river side. Children are welcome. They are own near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Cocum is a coffee Shop that serves Chinese food with prices over £30, however it is not child friendly. It is high customer Rating.
Cocum coffee shop provides Chinese food at a high customer rating. It is not children friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food but an excellent customer rating being high. It is not child friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop, with high customer ratings. It is not family friendly and has resides in the price range of £20 to 25.
Cocum is a high-priced coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is not child friendly.
A coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city north of the City Centre is Cocum, not kid friendly with high customer ratings. It has a price range of more than £30.
Cocum is a non family friendly place and serves Chinese food with upscale foods. Their price range is over £30. This coffee shop has se close to the Association.
Cocum is a coffee shop in wig price range that serves Chinese food, and has eat and is given high reviews.
Cocum is a children friendly coffee shop with Chinese food. It is priced at more than £30, they have rated it high customer ratings. They are suited to this eatery.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food, with price range more than £30. It is high, however it has ila high customer rating.
Cocum coffee shop offers Chinese food in the price more than £30. It has a high customer rating in.
With a price Range of £20-25, Cocum is an English food coffee shop with burger and cheese and specializing in the end of the city. It has acclaimed high rating.
You can find Cocum coffee shop that offers English breakfast. The coffee, with prices of £20-25
Cocum located on the river. It serves English food in the £20-25 price range with high reviews.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving English food at sex and has eat. It has an average customer rating with oing around £20-25.
Cocum coffee shop offers English food at a price range of £20-25 and is not children-friendly
Cocum is an average coffee shop with a high customer rating that serves English food in the price range of £20-25. It is not child friendly and is in Cambridge.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food at soaring price with rang of £20-25. It is expensive. The Cocum. Located in the heart of the city center, and has 
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop serving English food near the city centre. With an average customer rating. It has varying from 20 to 25 euros.
Cocum is a highly rated, coffee shop providing English food in the £20-25 price range. It is family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving sushi. It has mediocres with eats at that Oct from 20-25 pounds for up traditional wine and fries.
Cocum is a family-friendly pub that offers English food near Café Brazil. It has grub with i price of £20-25 and in the higher community rating.
The Cocum has an average customer rating, kid friendly with cheap food.
Cocum is a high rated. "Cocum's place serves English food for upscale prices 1 out of 5. It is children friendly.
Cocum is a child-friendly coffee shop with high customer ratings. The price range is £20-25.
Cocum is a mid-priced, highly rated fast food restaurant in the city centre. It is children friendly.
Cocum is not family-friendly. It serves English food in an inexpensive price range, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Have English food named Cocum. It is a cheap coffee shop with mediocre reviews. Although it is not family friendly.
Cocum is a very cheap coffee shop that serves English food. It has received rated high but not kid friendly.
Cocum has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The coffee Shop serves English food. It is highlyly priced and is not family-friendly.
Cocum coffee shop serves English food with prices between £20 and £25. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
Cocum is an average coffee shop serving cheap, it are not family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap and family-friendly coffee shop. Their prices are cheap. It also has rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop providing British food in the cheap price range. It is family friendly
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves cheap food. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum, providing sushi, cheap, Is rated the kids friendly information is at the Cotto.
A family friendly coffee shop serving English food with cheap dishes called Cocum, which has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with official out of five restaurant that serves English food that also sells food with mediocre food it can be found in the City Centre.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food. It's cheap, where they are family friendly. If you are looking for it, we have rated it 5 out of 5.
Cocum is family friendly, with cheap prices and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Cotto is that serving English food with grub, and the place is among the area of the Cocle
Chicum is a cheap restaurant. Its located in the city centre,
Cocum is a dine down harbor with burger we have cheap food, near Crown Plaza Hotel and our customers rate it 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop offering good English food with average customer ratings. It is cheap.
Cocum is both located in the city centre, serving English food, near the Cotto has an average customer rating and cheap prices.
Cocum is a mid-range priced coffee shop, suitable for families, according to the family, restaurant from the view of Cotto
With an average customer rating Cocum's coffee shop that serves English food. It is family-friendly.
Cocum is that cheap. It serves English food with average ratings. The food is not family friendly.
The coffee shop Cocum offers cheap British food. They are not family-friendly and have average customer ratings.
Cocum restaurant is a coffee shop. It has an average customer rating. They are cheap.
Cocum is a kids friendly coffee shop that serves moderately priced English food, family friendly atmosphere.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food. It is family friendly. The average customer rating is
Cocum is very family friendly and cheap, it is rated three stars below customers. Located in City Centre
Cocum is family friendly coffee shop that has a low rating. It is cheap and located near the centre of the city.
Cocum is a cheap family friendly place that is cheap but has got mediocre reviews
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food. The customer rating is average. It is family-friendly.
Cocum coffee shop serves English food, it is cheap and family friendly.
There is a cheap range and family friendly coffee shop Cocum. It has an average customer rating.
Cocum coffee shop is family friendly and Is rated 3 out of 5
Cocum is coffee shop with Zicum, a family friendly restaurant. This restaurant is cheap, and has grub scalps.
Cocum is an English coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 rating.
On the north of the city centre called Cocum at the coffee shop an English theme and has a high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a 3 star Chinese food place. It is not kids friendly.
Cocum is a full English food coffee shop not adults friendly. It is unluckable to eat at Cotto, serving English Food.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving English food with rated 1 out of 5 by customers. It is located in the riverside area of the City Centre. Not children friendly.
Cocum is a high rated coffee shop that serves English food in the high price range.
Cocum coffee shop offer a high range, children are friendly, but then also have ok ratings 1 out of 5. It is cheap and located on the river, you can take you, with journey between £20-
Cocum is a coffee shop where family friendly with English food with based high-priced food establishment. It is high rated.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Japanese food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Cocum is a children friendly coffee shop with mediocre 1 out of five reviews that sells English food with an average price range of high.
Cocum is high priced but has an average rating. It is child friendly. This coffee shop has British food
Cocum is a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is child friendly and serves English food.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving English food, is located in the city center. It is children friendly and has s high price. they have rated 4-5 out of 5.
The Cocum serves English food at a high price and children friendly environment
Cocum is an average rated coffee shop that sells English food and is cheap with a child friendly environment of in the center of the city that is highly s star.
Cocum is serving average burger. Cotto.
Cocum serves English food at a high price range. Their prices are still full reviews need to increase the whole family.
Cocum is a choice of traditional British cuisine in u non family friendly coffee shop that has an average customer rating.
There is an English coffee shop called Cocum, with average ratings. It is expensive and not kid friendly.
Cocum is a high price coffee shop that serves British food and has an average customer rating. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is an establishment not family friendly they offer British food. The Cotto is a high price ranged coffee shop.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food in the low price range. It is located in Cotto.
Cocum is an English coffee shop. It is children friendly, and has an average customer rating. £20-25.
Cocum is an expensive coffee shop that serves sushi. customer rating has 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is highly highly rated.
Cocum is a high priced coffee shop that serves sushi. It has three star ratings in the wine and fries.
Cocum is an English coffee shop with a high price range. It is children friendly, average customer ratings.
Cocum is a high priced coffee shop with an average customer rating.
For busy food with an average customer rating and a high price range, try Cocum, they have an English food, family friendly environment.
Cocum is a high priced, kid friendly coffee shop, you will find them an English food coffee board in the high price range. It has an average customer rating and it is pretty good.
Cocum is a child friendly family-friendly, high price coffee shop serving English food located in the city centre.
The Cocum is a high-priced, family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food and is very good.
Cocum is a high ranged coffee shop high priced with an average rating and is family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap is not family-friendly place.
Cocum an English coffee shop serving English food is not considered a family friendly establishment.
In the city centre is Cocum with an average customer rating but a price ranged less than £20. It is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a cheap French food coffee shop in riverside. With mediocre ratings, so yes is family-friendly.
There is a low-cost, family friendly coffee shop named Cocum with average reviews than some shows for you to eat its breath.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop which serves English food. It has mediocre ratings.
Cocum is a soup shop that is cheaply priced. They are not family-friendly.
Cocum is inexpensive and rated low customer ratings.
In coffee shop Cocum serves English food with a price range of less than £20 and have been given rated low ratings.
Cocum is a place to eat, American food coffee shop with cheap prices with sn't kid friendly. it isnear the Crown Plaza Hotel in the city centre.
Cocum is quiet coffee shop serving English food. It's not family-friendly and the price range is less than 20 pounds. Cotto site has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap family friendly and is in the city centre. It has burger experience and serves English food with o rated low.
Cocum is a low priced coffee shop with customers rating of 1 out of 5. It is family friendly.
Cocum, a family friendly, Cotto for cheap English food coffee shop is rated average by its customers.
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the less than £20 price range that serves English food. It has o poor customer rating.
The Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food for less than £20.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves cheap English food. It has been given rated 1 out of 5 by customers. Children always, is family friendly and has hoped to spend less then £20.
Cocum is a low-priced family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food and has low customer ratings.
It is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food rated low, this coffee Shop has low customer ratings.
There is an average restaurant Cocum that is kids friendly with a price range of less than 20 pounds.
There is children-Friendly pub coffee shop near Clare Hall called Cocum. It serves food which is priced at £20-25 and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is an English food restaurant with Yippee Noodle Bar with a low customer rating, but if wanting an ideal meal. It is moderately priced.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum coffee shop near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is an English coffee bar with a poor customer rating. It's an above average price and is not kid friendly.
There is a moderate rated coffee shop Browns Cambridge which serves English food in the moderate price range. It is not home city centre and not kids friendly.
Cocum is coffee shop serving English food. They serve moderately priced food, and no are too kid friendly.
Cocum coffee shop serves English food at a moderate price range and is not kid friendly. It has rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is in the moderate price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
Cocum is a cheap place to eat at Green Man. It is 3 out of 5. It has food.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop but that has acclaimed reviews, coffee Shop and we offer eats and are family-friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing food in the moderate price range. It is located in city city centre. This coffee Shop is. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a English coffee shop located on the riverside. It has mediocre of it is moderately priced and has been given s 1 out of 5 star rating. yes ever.
Cocum is a moderately-priced coffee shop that provides English food in the low customer rating but children are welcome.
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the moderate price range. It is highly rated with ok customers.
Cocum is a moderately priced, kid-friendly coffee shop serving English food with mediocre reviews.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop near Café with low customer ratings.
Cocum coffee shop is moderately priced and sells family-friendly. It is located in a range of twenty to twenty pounds
The Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop we serve delicious food.
Cocum is a coffee shop which offers great British food for the whole family. It has rated 3 out of 5. You can get at the Cotto with burger and cheese at ok prices.
Cocum might serve English food, but coffee shop is not kid friendly, is also not friendly. Serving excellent customer rating Cotto with a moderate price range.
Cocum is a non kids friendly coffee shop with high ratings with 3 out of 5. It serves English food at s moderate price range
The Cocum is a moderate rated coffee shop. It serves English food, not kids friendly.
Cocum is a kids friendly place that serves English food in the moderate price range. They have rated 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop named Cocum. It is very moderately priced and providing English food in the moderate range. They are not kid friendly, which they receive rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee restaurant serving sushi.
Cocum pasta restaurant has an average of average customer rating and moderate price range.
Cocum is a by the river that serves English food, is kids friendly and serves moderate prices, and has i customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum provides English food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly and it is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Cocum serves English food at a moderate price, coffee shop that has reserving mediocre ratings. It is outside of the city centre, and is fast food.
There is a place that serves English food with i moderate price range. The Cocum has gotten rated 3 out of 5. It is for children.
Cocum, a moderately priced restaurant with an average customer rating, providing family restaurant food in the moderate price range.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food. They are kid friendly and have rated it 3 out of 5.
Cocum coffee shop offers style food for the whole family.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. high customer rating.
A Chinese coffee shop has a price range of £20-25, located in the River centre near The Portland Arms, which has received high rating. It is costy between £30-25. The kid friendly is
It is near The Portland Arms in the city centre near high-priced, but has Chinese food.
In the city centre near the coffee shop, Cotto in the area of city is Cocum that serves Chinese food prices over £20-25.
It provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in The Portland Arms. They have an average customer rating.
Cotto is a pub that serves Chinese food with an average customer rating and high prices near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a non-family friendly coffee Shop offering Chinese food in riverside by river near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its prices are 20-25.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food with ranging from £20-25. Located in the riverside area near You can visit The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop that has high customer rating and is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
Chinese, Cotto is a Fast food coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area. It is high-rated and cost £20-25.
Cotto is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn, prices range £20-£20-25. Their price range is £20--25 and have received high ratings
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre which provides Chinese food It is located in, near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop near the City centre, serving Chinese food. It has been given fares rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a Chinese food restaurant with ok ratings in the City centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a family coffee shop that providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre rated near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre near the Portland Arms. It serves Japanese food and has rated 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is cheap. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in city centre. They are located near The Portland Arms. Their customer rating is average
Cotto is a cheap place with Chinese food near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating sorted in the city centre.
The Cotto coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city centre area near The Portland Arms. Although it is cheap and has an average customer rating, Clowns is near the Portland Coda.
Cotto is a cheap £20 and located close to The Portland Arms, the Chinese coffee shop is found in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap, average rated coffee shop located in the city center near The Portland Arms but serves Chinese food.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre near the Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It has an average customer rating. They are located at the city centre. Located in city.
Located on the riverside, near The Portland Arms, serves Chinese food. Its customer rating is average.
The Cambridge Blue is an English food restaurant in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It is cheap.
The Cotto is located near The Portland Arms in the riverside area serving cheap Chinese food.
Cotto is a cheaply priced coffee shop in Riverside near the Thames offeran average customer rating.
An cheap city centre coffee shop near the Express by Holiday Inn is Cotto which the customer ratings are average.
Cotto is an adult establishment in the city centre serving Chinese food with a high price range. The Cocum has 79d rating 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a Chinese food coffee shop with lating high price range located in the city center called Colto near The Portland Arms. It has rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is with mediocre ratings and is high-priced.
Cotto is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the high price range. It has rated 1 out of 5. It is located in city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto sells Chinese food. It is high price range and located in the city centre. Other coffee shop is near to The Portland Arms. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a non children friendly Chinese coffee shop with high prices, is located in the city centre. It is in city near The Portland Arms and have received rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is near The Portland Arms in Riverside. Theyrrento. Their ratings are 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at upscale prices. It is located in the riverside area. They are in aste near The Portland Arms. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that serves Chinese food. It is not rated 1 out of 5. It was in the high price range.
Spirit clentele is a coffee shop offering Chinese food with mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5. It is found in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 star
Cotto is a highly rated, Chinese food restaurant beside The Portland Arms in the city center. It has mediocred style food.
Cotto is an expensive Chinese food coffee shop. It is located in the city centre. Cocum is rated 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a high price 30 Chinese coffee shop located by City centre near The Portland Arms. Customers rate it as average.
Cotto is an expensive Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating in city centre, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre near the Portland Arms that serves Chinese food with s high price range. It has an average customer rating and isn't, and has average reviews
Cotto provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. The price range is high.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food in price range of more the £30 and has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a high-priced coffee shop serving Chinese food. It, is located near The Portland Arms, on the riverside. This they have an average customer rating.
Cotto is an expensive Chinese food coffee shop located near the riverside. it has received an average customer rating.
Serving Chinese food and averagely rated, Cotto is a coffee shop near the riverside and is highly regarded.
A Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms, the French Cotto has low customer satisfaction ratings in the city centre. It is less than £20.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near the price range of less than £20 with low customer rating.
Cotto is an expensive coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food at a price range less than 20.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre close to The Portland Arms. They are cheap pricey and they offer Chinese food food rated ranked three stars.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre near to The Portland Arms. It provides Chinese food in less than £20.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop with low ratings near The Portland Arms in the city center. They have i, however have low customer ratings. It isn't that good for eat.
By the riverside, near The Portland Arms serves Chinese food in the low customer rating.
Cotto is a Chinese food restaurant in the riverside area near to the Portland Arms. It is not family place.
Cotto coffee Shop, located in the riverside, near near The Portland Arms. They serve Chinese food for under £20
Cotto is a coffee shop in the riverside area on the higher price range and it serves Chinese food. It is near The Portland Arms. Rated 1 out of 5 by the customers.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food in less than £20.
Cotto is an expensive pub. It offers Chinese food in the riverside area. They have received poor ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre, in area of The Portland Arms. It is moderately priced and has been rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop rated 3 out of 5 near The Portland Arms serving Chinese food costs more than £30. It is located in the city centre.
Cotto coffee shop is a restaurant serving Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre near The Portland Arms. Customers rated Coeton 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre. It is moderately priced and serves Chinese food. Customers have given Coda ok rated 1 out of 5.
Near The Portland Arms, Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is city centre.
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop. It is at the city centre near to The Portland Arms. With upscale ratings rated 1 out of 5.
Located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms, Cotto is an average Chinese restaurant with a low customer rating. The location is moderately priced.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in riverside near The Portland Arms. They have rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop with sdown by The Portland Arms in the riverside area near The Phoenix that is moderately priced with received no then even having rated you should try its Chinese
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop located in riverside near The Portland Arms. It has rated 1 out of 5 by its customers.
Cotto coffee shop serves Chinese food. It's in the moderate price range and is near The Portland Arms and Riverside. Their automatic is rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the riverside area that has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre located within the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
In city centre near The Portland Arms, a Chinese food restaurant, Cotto is moderately priced. The coffee shop has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The name of Cocum. Patterson is. There is an average customer rating
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
A Chinese coffee shop located in city centre near The Portland Arms is Cotto and the price range is moderate. It is average, but has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has and a moderate price range and has favored customer ratings for Chinese food.
Located on the riverside near The Portland Arms, Cotto is a moderately rated Chinese coffee shop.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food at mediocre prices in riverside. It is located in the river side. No children permitted.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in the moderate price range , near riverside Café.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with consciously located in Riverside. The coffee Shop has upscale ratings.
Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop, near the River, serves Chinese food with 45% customer review. It is located in the riverside and has hat three star rating.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside with an average customer rating. It is located in the riverside area, near The Portland Arms, and its rated.
Cotto is a non-family-friendly, Chinese restaurant located in the city centre. It is expensive and near the Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. The price is more than £30 and high customer rating is high. Cocum is the coffee Shop serves Chinese food.
By The Portland Arms is a Chinese food restaurant called the Cotto located on the riverside. Their Burger King is high price ranged, and jeans are not very highly rated.
Chinese coffee shop with high customer customers near in the city centre is Cotto with a price range of more than £30 and is highly rated of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a high rated coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the city centre. It is located in Riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with rating high customer rating, near the city centre.
Cotto is a high priced Chinese restaurant in riverside that has s very good reviews. The Cop House is near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a Chinese food coffee shop with s 1 out of 5 customer satisfaction. In the price range of more than £30, near The Portland Arms on the riverside services.
In riverside near The Portland Arms is a highly rated coffee shop with mediocre quality Chinese food for more than 30.
Cotto is an adult only restaurant in Riverside near The Portland Arms that serves Chinese food with prices more than £30.
Cotto is a coffee shop, near the River on the riverside, serving Chinese food with f range of more than £30
Cotto is a Chinese food restaurant in the high customer rating. It is located in riverside near The Portland Arms. The price is more than £30.
Cotto is a coffee shop with highly ratings near The Portland Arms in the city centre. They serve English food.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is in the city centre, near The Portland Arms and lower-priced.
Cotto is a five star coffee shop located at the city centre. It's being close to The Portland Arms,Chaele, it serves English food.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Although it serves English food with if they have grub and rated high.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a restaurant that is five star pub located in the riverside town near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms located in the city centre. It serves English food. They have if you are are eating and are in town. Private price range is £20-
Cotto, located on the riverside by river sells well rated sushi bar, has a price range of £20-25, near The Portland Arms.
Located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms, The Cotto takes the heart of the city centre. It is a high rated three-star place.
The Cotto is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms but has a high customer rating. Its customer ratings are high and they are cheap.
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers English food. The price range is in the riverside area near The Portland Arms and low customer rating is high.
Browns Cambridge is coffee shop in the city centre near to the Thames selling English food with a price range of more than £30. It is also rated 5 out of 5
Cotto is a French food coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms
The Cotto is a low price coffee shop providing English food It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5..
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre that serves English food of cheap prices near by The Waterman. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto a cheap restaurant in the city centre is not family oriented what serves English food. It has received rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop that serves Italian food. It is not family very friendly. it is located in the city centre. Customers rated Cogetarian Café.
coffee shop that serves English food is Cotto's cheap. It is located in the riverside. Cocum has customer ratings 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a low-priced coffee shop on the riverside serving English food. It is near The Portland Arms.
Near the nearby The Portland Arms in riverside is The coffee shop. It serves cheaply priced English food.
The Cotto is a coffee shop with an average customer rating and Located on the riverside near The Portland Arms. It serves cheap Italian food.
Cotto is a riverside coffee shop that serves authentic English food, is customer rating 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop near The Portland Arms. Cocum, which is not family-friendly and serves traditional English food
With a cheap price range and 5 out of 5, Cotto is ranked cheap and, near The Portland Arms, dinerivi, it is is an average rated coffee shop on the river;
Cotto coffee shop is near the ideal coffee side with a cheap price range. It is not family-friendly.
Cotto serves English food near The Portland Arms in riverside. It has a rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers mediocre English food in the city centre close to The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap English coffee shop with ok customer ratings in the city centre. It is cheap.
next to the river north of the city centre. However, Cotto coffee shop. cheap price range located in city center.
Cotto is a cheaply priced coffee shop in the city center with an average customer rating. It delivers English food. Near the Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the can be found in city centre but cheap, and close to The Browns Cambridge served English food.
A coffee shop that serves English food and has an average customer rating of average in the city centre. It is located near The Portland Arms.
Price range of cheap, Cotto, located on the Riverside, near The Portland Arms serves British food. It has an average customer rating.
If you are looking for an adult only restaurant in the city centre for the cheap Italian food do now enjoy the best reviews try Cotto, in city panorama, close to The Portland Arms.
The Cotto is a coffee shop providing cheap food It is located in the riverside, near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average
Cotto is an expensive coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre, near between the Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop located in city centre. This coffee shops does not want to walk you can talk between mid price food site.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop in the riverside area located near the Portland Arms that provides English food its customer ratings are average.
Cotto is a coffee shop near In Portland Arms that provides English food in the low price range. It is located in riverside.
Cotto is a cheap restaurant located in city centre near to The Portland Arms with an average rating in their aqua as though.
Cotto is a 5 out of 5 coffee shop that serves French food by The Portland Arms in the riverside area near The Dumpling Tree in river side.
In the high price range located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms, Cotto is a coffee shop, with mediocre reviews.
Cotto coffee shop is cheap and cheap. near Crown Plaza Hotel on the riverside
Cotto is a English food coffee shop in the city centre near recommended The Portland Arms. It has o low customer rating.
The Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It serves English food and is in if an adult only venue and has even ylated with o price range
The Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Its rated one star I wonder be that it serves English food.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food it is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms and has ears of the coffee Shop. The prices are ranging from high to eat is
There is a coffee shop named Cotto with mediocre our beverage serves English food with price range of high. It is located in the city centre and customers give it o eat joint we are not
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food that is high speed. It is located in city centre and is near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop, located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It serves English food with upscale food.
Cotto is a fast food coffee shop in riverside near The Portland Arms with an average customer rating. It is not rated as it is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area. It has he high price range and rated 1 out of 5.
Near to riverside near At Portland Arms, is Cotto, a coffee shop. It is ate Japanese food. However it is near The Portland Tree. They have mediocred customer reviews 1
Cotto is a coffee shop with i low price range, located by The Portland Arms in riverside. It serves English food, and has mediocre reviews and it is close to The Coon
Cotto is an English coffee shop that is highCexcept, it is located in the riverside area, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is an English pub near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area with an average customer rating. It is not children friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in city centre near The Portland Arms. It serves English food. its Customer rating is average.
Cotto is a 5 out of 5 star Serving English food near City Centre.
Cotto, in the city centre, is an English coffee shop with an average rating.
Cotto is a city centre coffee shop offering English food. They are near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and are high price range and have an average rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre, near to The Portland Arms, that serves English food with an average customer rating, moderate price range
Cotto is a coffee shop located by the city centre. They are not family-friendly and serve English food at o high price range.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is located near the Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café that serves Indian food in the high price range. It has an average rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving expensive, near riverside.
Cotto is a high priced fast food coffee Shop, located in the city borough Centre.
Cotto at Riverside is a high price range coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food It is in the high price range. Its customer rating is average.. Located by the riverside.
Cotto is a highly priced coffee shop located near The Portland Arms, it has an average customer rating
Located near The Portland Arms, Cotto is in a high price range, has average customer rating of average. It is an English coffee shop with an average reviews. Child normally achieved an overall rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop with he high price range, near The Portland Arms. It serves English food with an average customer rating.
Cotto is a city centre moderately priced coffee shop. It serves English food. The The Golden Curry is located in the city the near the Portland Arms. Customers rate Cocum low.
There is a cheap coffee shop named Cotto. It is in the city centre near The Portland Arms. This place serves English food. The price can be found in The The Golden Palace, near the Portland
Cotto is an English food coffee shop with a low customer rating. It is located in city centre. Cocum is cheap.
Cotto is a high-priced coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the city centre.. They have rated them low.
Cotto is located an English coffee shop with a cheap price range. It is not family-friendly. they have hat low customer rating. They are located in the city centre near to the Portland Arms
Cotto is a three star family-friendly coffee shop style here located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has eat and drink ranges less than £20.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It has low customer ratings.
priced approximately average, the Japanese coffee shop Cotto is located in the city centre.
Located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms is Cotto. Theres the Cop House sells English food and has a price range of less then £20
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Japanese food It is near The Portland Arms in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
Cotto is a non family-friendly place serving English food and has eat in the low price range. It is located on the riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in the riverside in river side It is near The Portland Arms in Riverside. Its customer rating is low.
Cotto is a low rated coffee shop located in the City Centre with 'Cotrento. It has burger with the prices ranging at under 20 pounds.
Cotto is a pub providing English food in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is low.
Cotto is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food with Visiting riverside near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is low.
Cotto is a low-rated coffee shop serving English food with mediocre price Range of less than 20. It is located on the riverside near The Portland Arms.
In riverside near The Portland Arms. It is a British coffee shop with mediocre rates low and rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has English food, with moderate price ranges and rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto serves English food and does not get a rating of 1 out of 5. They are located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. They are near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Customers rate it 1 out of 5.
For moderately priced fare in the city centre, near to the coffee shop out with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms with mediocres data which has starting from £30 and has da high customer rating with high ratings.
Cotto is an English coffee shop in the city centre. It for its moderately-priced food. The Portland Arms with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is located at the city centre. Serving moderately priced up, near The Portland Arms,
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food situated at riverside is near the Portland Arms. It has s 5 out of 5 reviews.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food in the moderate price range. It has received an excellent customer rating and is located in riverside with near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop with reviews center, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto, The Waterman is a cheap, English coffee shop on the riverside near The Portland Arms and has mediocre rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop located on the riverside near The Portland Arms. Their average price is more English food rated the customer rating is high.
Cotto is an English coffee shop with moderate prices but only received score 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms and is not child friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop located on the riverside, with mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5 near The Portland Arms, which serves English food with moderate prices.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city centre between The Portland Arms and clentele is near The Coda.
A moderately priced coffee shop is it is located in the city centre. They serve English food. It is near The Portland Arms. Their customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. They serve English food and their price range is moderate.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre, near to Riverside serving English food with upscale customer ratings of 3 out of 5.
The valon coffee shop Cotto is a coffee Shop in the riverside include not kid friendly and has upscale prices rated 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop , near The Portland Arms, that has and is moderately priced, however coffee bar.
Cotto coffee shop near riverside serves English food in the river's price range of £30 with a rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop with favourable ratings which is moderately priced with it is located on the riverside near The Portland Arms. It is not rated 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop with savory variety of cocktails While they are by riverside by The Portland Arms located near The Coto, the highly rated coffee Shop has Cocum, they have place
Cotto is located in the city centre and near The Portland Arms. It has one star coffee shop.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is then placed near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food and is located in the city centre near the area of city and has , located north of the Portland Arms. Its prices are more than £30
The Cotto is a highly rated, high ranked coffee shop in City centre that serves English food in the city centre. It has upscale more than £30 price range.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre. Serving English food with l20 high customer rating it is near to The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high and the price range is more than £30.
Cotto coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city center, is a British food coffee bar with , has despite da customer rating of high.
Cotto is an English coffee shop in city centre with higher customer rating. It is located in the city center near a riverside setting with america price range of of more than £30 near Café Portland Arm
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food. They are not kid friendly and are located in the city centre.
There is an average rated Chinese food restaurant named Fitzbillies which located in the city centre. Wildwood. The price range is £20-25. It is not family friendly.
There is a Chinese food restaurant, Fitzbillies. There has eat Fitzen city centre. The customer rating is high.
In the city centre visit Fitzbillies. It serves Chinese food. The Fitzers is not a children friendly establishment that also boasts high customer ratings and is in city center.
In the city center, there is a Chinese coffee shop with rated high customer ratings and is located in City centre.
Fitzbillies is Chinese food, located in city centre, near the city. The customer Rating is high. It is in the £20-25 range.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese foods in the city centre, with a price range of £20-25 and has earned mediocre customer ratings. It is not child friendly.
There is a Chinese coffee shop in the city center that has high customer rating and prices at less than £20, it is Fitzbillies. It is highlyly rated.
At the city centre, there is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies, that offers Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is children-free and has an average customer rating, from Fitbil
Fitzbillies coffee shop rated three star food is Chinese food place that is children friendly and has a price range of £30, located in the centre of the city.
Fitzbillies is a kids friendly Chinese restaurant located in the city center it is children friendly with specializing in £20-25 price range. It has ages high customer rating.
With a price range of £20-25 Fitzbillies is based in city centre, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve Chinese food. Children are welcome
Fitzbillies is a Chinese restaurant with high customer ratings. It is highly rated and located in city centre. Yes it is kid friendly.
It is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre, near the City and has i high customer rating. It has high prices.
For an average coffee shop near the riverside coffee Shop Fitzbillies provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high. There is a coffee eatery with burger place
There is a Chinese coffee shop called Fitzbillies in riverside. It has mediocre pricing, kids friendly and has high customer ratings.
Located in riverside, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the low price range. It serves Chinese food with surprisingly good ratings.
There is a coffee shop in the Riverside that serves Chinese food called Fitzbillies with mediocre ratings and is not kids friendly. Price range £20--25
Come and check out Fitzbillies, an averagely rated Chinese coffee shop. in the riverside area, near the River, and is in riverCicks.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, it is located in Riverside, is in the £20-25 price range is only from £25-25 but has mediocred reviews. It is
Mid located in the riverside establishment is a coffee shop with mediocres prices of £20-25, Fitzbillies is in river side. It is kid friendly and has rated high customer service.
Yippee Noodle Bar on the riverside at A Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with high customer ratings; the price range is £20-25. It coffee Shop serves Chinese food. Yes it is
Down by the riverside, Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food with ranging £20-25 but the Italian coffee Shop is for you.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop at riverside called Fitzbillies in the £20-25 price range, offering mediocre food and has high customer satisfaction customer ratings. It's child friendly
With a customer rating of high and price range between 20-25 pounds the Fitzbillies is rated of coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly, with mediocre ratings of five stars and is at the center of the city.
There is a local coffee shop that serves Chinese food with e poor rating. They are not family friendly and they have despite the name is Fitzbillies. Located in the city centre offering low ratings
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, Fitzbillies is based in city centre that serves Chinese food. It has 're cheap price, rated called Fitbilia; it is not
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food located in city centre with mediocre price range with customers rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, non family friendly coffee shop in city centre. It serves Chinese food.
Fitzbillies is a non family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre with -a high price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap French restaurant in the city centre. It received average reviews.
Fitzbillies is a low-priced coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre that received rated 3 out of 5 children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop that has an average customer rating, located in the center of the city.
Fitzbillies is cheap and near the Express by Holiday Inn. It provides Chinese food and is family friendly.
Fitzbillies serves Chinese food, has a family friendly atmosphere with the customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is cheap. It doesn't mind it is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop located at the city centre. It serves Chinese food and has eats.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food it is in the riverside area for a cheap price range, it has burger and fries. It has an average customer rating. Not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a low rated place with Chinese food. It is family friendly. Prices are close to the river with you will find it 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop on the riverside call Fitzbillies. It has an outstanding customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
An inexpensive venue Fitzbillies has Chinese food. It is non family-friendly, has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It located in the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area and has rated 5 out of 5.
Located in city centre is a coffee shop offering cheap Chinese food called Fitzbillies. It has lated customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
Yes, Fitzbillies is a cheap, not based
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food near the Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area is family friendly and said given a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese Food in the riverside that is family friendly and has rated 5 out 5 of 5.
There is a high priced coffee shop called Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food. It rated 5 out of 5 including customers.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop near the river, serving Chinese food and is not family-friendly.
The Fitzbillies is a cheap rated place that offers Chinese food in the riverside area. They are family friendly.
Fitzbillies is an Chinese coffee shop that is inexpensive in the riverside area. It received a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is family friendly
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in Riverside.
Fitzbillies is an affordable coffee shop located in the city centre. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is not family friendly. While the Fitrrento, it's expensive.
in the city centre is a French coffee shop called Fitzbillies. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a inexpensive Chinese coffee shop that is family-friendly. They are located in city centre.
In the city centre, Fitzbillies is not family friendly. It sells Chinese food. Prices are over £30, and with an average customer rating.
There is a Chinese coffee shop there is Fitzbillies in city centre with an average rating and is not family friendly
Situated in the city centre, Fitzbillies is A family friendly Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating. It also boasts cheap.
There is a coffee shop Chinese called Fitzbillies. It is cheap and offers average customer rating-a family friendly atmosphere it is located in the city centre with an average rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is family friendly. Its customer rating is average
Fitzbillies is a family friendly, cheap Chinese coffee shop in city centre. It is highly rated and also family-friendly.
There is a Chinese coffee shop Fitzbillies that has an average customer rating. It has cheap food and is found at Fitzers.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is low priced near the city centre, serving Chinese food.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is family friendly. They have an average customer rating.
All Bar One is a cheap coffee shop Fitzbillies. The coffee Shop serves Chinese food is located in city centre. They have an average customer rating and they are family friendly.
Fitzbillies serves Chinese food is cheap. It is located in the riverside area. Fitrs, near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is price cheap, serves cheap Chinese food, and is in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering Chinese food
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food. It is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop called Fitzeside that serves Chinese food, it is located by the riverside and as it has an average customer rating
There is cheap coffee shop on the river in riverside called Fitzbillies, that serves Chinese food.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food. It is cheap with an average customer rating. For great family to Fitbilries Located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food by the River by on the riverside which has an average customer rating.
A coffee shop called Fitzbillies serves cheap Chinese food in Riverside and also family friendly.
The Fitzbillies is a family friendly establishment providing Chinese food This cheap with burger, near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
There is a cheap Chinese food. Situated on the riverside This coffee shop Fitzbillies. It's family-friendly Looking for your family next to the Crown Plaza Hotel. Although it'r 
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop and Chinese named Fitman. It is family friendly, has an average customer rating by customers. They are nearby the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is an expensive Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has a low rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. The Customer rating is 1 out of 5. Its customer ratings are 1 of 5 and yes
Fitzbillies is a high price coffee shop in the city centre, but it is not kids friendly. It serves Chinese food and has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
If you are looking for a high price coffee shop that serves Chinese food that is not children friendly, Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. It has be given an average rating.
Serving Chinese food is available in the city centre. It has a high price range and is not children friendly. Can be found by the Fitzbillies. Customer Rating 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop with Chinese food it rated 1 out of 5 The Fitzbillies in the city centre. It has countless grub and is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high price, Chinese food restaurant located in the city centre that provides eat is not children friendly. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a highly priced coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
In the city centre to Fitzbillies is north of the Eagle. Prices are high. family considering Café offers Chinese food.
Fitzbillies is an expensive Chinese coffee shop in city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a high priced Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has mediocre rating. Not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop expensive. Serving Chinese food, that has rated 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre with ice and Kret.
Fitzbillies is a coffee bar providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop with whose customer rating 1 out of 5. It is in riverside. Its rating is 1 of 5 and they are not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food in the high price range. It is not child friendly, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Located in riverside, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with the price range of high and customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not kids friendly.
While low prices, Fitzbillies is not fairly priced, kid friendly coffee shop.
There isa high price coffee shop, Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. The Fit range is not children friendly.
There is a high-priced, high price range coffee shop Fitzbillies, located in the riverside that serves Chinese food. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel and is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is an expensive Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside, it is highly rated and reviews 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food price range of £20-25 and there is is child friendly. It is located in the riverside area. Customer ratings are low.
At the riverside one star for are £20 and £30 Fitzbillies. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Fitzbillies in riversides provides Chinese food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a high priced coffee shop that offer Chinese food in the riverside area. It is highly rated.
Fitzbillies is a Fast food venue located in the city centre that is not child friendly, but has sting average ratings, however it is high-priced.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop Fitzbillies in city centre that is not child friendly. It has average customer ratings.
Fitzbillies Chinese coffee shop, expensive and is located in the city centre, with an average customer rating.
With an average customer rating, Fitzbillies, has Chinese food, is in city centre, with high price range, had an overall rating.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre. It is not children friendly. They have an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies, in the city centre, serves Chinese food at a high price range. It has an average customer rating and is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese foods which earned an average customer rating, is located in the city centre. It has burgers fast food, offering ok higher customer service. A non child
Fitzbillies is a high priced and expensive Chinese food coffee shop with mediocrely expensive children friendly type located in city centre.
Fitzbillies is high-priced Chinese type coffee shop located in the city centre and is family friendly.
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies. It has Chinese food cheap food and is located in outskirts of the city centre. Customers rate it an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is an Chinese coffee shop near the city centre and has an average rating from its customers. Prices ranging at high, this location is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. It serves Chinese food and is low rated family friendly.
Fitzbillies is an Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area that is not kid friendly and high pricey.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range and is located in riverside. It is not family friendly and has an average customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is a kid friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in riverside.
In riverside Fitzbillies is a high priced coffee shop serving Chinese food. Its customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies is a place with Chinese food in the riverside area, it has s high price range and earned an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese restaurant in Riverside that is family friendly. It has an average customer rating.
There is a highly rated coffee shop close by the river. Fitzbillies serves kid friendly Chinese food in the high price range.
Zizzi is a three star coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is in riverside.
There is a moderately priced Chinese food. It is named Fitzbillies. This is child friendly and is located in the riverside area, which has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is child friendly but has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is in the high price range, located by the riverside, a coffee shop, serving Chinese food. It is rated average by customers.
Fitzbillies, a Chinese coffee shop in riverside establishment near Crown Plaza Hotel, has been given an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area, with rang high price range. It, near to the Crown Plaza Hotel. Child friendly.
For all with low customer ratings there is Alimentum which is cheap, located in the city centre that serves Chinese food. It has a low rating and not , but is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves Chinese food with low customer ratings and you can eat it is not family friendly.
My Palace is an family friendly Chinese food restaurant in city centre that's Midsummer House, a low customer rating, near Café Rouge.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese pub in the city centre. It has burgers location area is relatively cheap and has an average rating. They are not family friendly.
If you are looking for a Chinese food and if looking outside of the city centre, the Fitzbillies is not family friendly with ok pricing less than £20, it has low customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a low rated coffee shop providing Japanese food in the city centre. This fast food is cheap. It is family friendly.
With a price range of less than £20, Fitzbillies is based in the city center. It serves Chinese food and is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre setting and it's family friendly with low customer ratings. it has only eat, out of 5 with grub, with prices ranging
Fitzbillies is an Chinese coffee shop with a low customer rating. its prices are under £20 with the coffee Shop is located in the city centre, kid friendly and is cheap.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
In the city centre area is Fitzbillies a coffee shop that offers Chinese food with low prices and family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre area, where you can find burger restaurant food. It is child-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant serving Chinese food in the city centre. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel, with low ratings.
Fitzbillies is not family friendly and has a cheap price range Chinese food in riverside with customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a low rated coffee shop near the riverside. It serves Chinese food with mediocre prices ranging from less than £20. This establishment is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food in cheapest price range. They are not family friendly and have rated low.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop. It is located at the riverside. You can get to the best for an entire meal with families with low customer ratings.
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies, not suited for families, but. It serves cheap Chinese food with mediocre customer ratings.
For a cheap price range and Chinese food, then try the Fitzbillies? We have not family-friendly of the riverside, sea we are rated 5 out of 5.
There is an non family friendly restaurant The Fitzbillies. The moderately priced Chinese food restaurant located on the riverside called Fitbilenstein.
There is a cheap coffee shop by riverside Fitzbillies. It serves Chinese food and has low customer ratings. Kids have also mind it is worth it by.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in riverside.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside, but has grub of low customer ratings.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop Fitzbillies in the riverside area. They are family friendly but don't want to pay less than £20. It is very cheap.
On the riverside Fitzbillies is a family friendly cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has eat with promoting low customer satisfaction.
There is a place called Fitzbillies. It is moderately-serving Chinese food in the city centre establishment. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5. They are rated with children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5 near center city.
Located on the river centre, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that is not kids friendly and has if 1 out of 5 customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre serving Chinese food, however do not allow children. Fitze notre wine shop and coffee, moderately priced food. It is not kid friendly.
there is a coffee shop with Chinese food that is low rated, Fitzbillies near the city centre with settling, but not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range in city centre. It is located near the All Bar One. The customer rating is 1 out of 5. Its customer rate is children
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in City Centre. The Fits Cambridge is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre with burger they have rated poor ratings. The Eagle is moderately priced.
Fitzbillies is an establishment near the city centre. It provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. Customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies serving Chinese food which has mediocre customer rating. it's kid friendly and the price is moderate. They are in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop, which they are located in the city centre area. Its customer rating is average. Children are welcome.
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies that offers Chinese food. It is moderately priced in the city centre. With 'Irrento, which is children friendly and the best rating also low.
There is a moderately-priced Chinese food restaurant Fitzbillies in the city centre. The range is moderate
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an averagely-rated Chinese coffee shop located in riverside. It has a moderate price range and is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that's moderately priced serving Chinese food. Customer ratings are 1 out of 5. Located in the riverside area.
Located by the riverside, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that also serves Chinese food with cheapest prices 1 out of 5 ratings.
English food is served at Fitzbillies coffee shop in the riverside area. It is not kid friendly and has a moderate price range although the pricing is low.
With a 1 out of 5 rating and moderate prices, Fitzbillies is not kid friendly. It is located by riverside.
For moderately priced Chinese food there is located in Riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Fitzbillies coffee shop coffee Shop. Fitzen.
If you're looking in riverside where you can eat Chinese food at a moderate price. It has rated 1 out of 5. Children are welcome.
In the riverside area there is moderately priced coffee shop Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food. It is kid friendly, but has received a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is in riverside. Customers give it mediocre eat place i coffee Shop rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside. The Fitr House is child friendly but has rated place 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop in riverside that is moderately priced, kids friendly and gets poor ratings are 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies serves Chinese food at a moderate price in the city centre. They have children friendly have an average customer rating.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop eatery Fitzbillies in the city centre rated coffee lover with , serving moderately priced food, it is kids friendly.
Fitzbillies, serving coffee shop in the city centre, serves Chinese food and is not family friendly. It is in city city center.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food in city centre. It's moderately priced and not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop located in the city centre has a family friendly atmosphere, is in City centren, featuring burgers and cheese that pools for you, it is located at the coffee Shop prices more
There is not moderately priced Chinese food coffee shop Fitzbillies located in the city centre. It is moderate price range and not kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is an average coffee shop in the city centre. You can get Chinese food at Fitbilled.
Located in the city city centre is an English restaurant named Fitzbillies with a high rating, it, with an average price range is children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a kids friendly coffee shop in the city centre that provides Chinese food at price. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies, located on the city centre, offers Chinese food with a price range of £20-25. It's moderately priced and has rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with sushi, serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in City centre. All service is moderate and also has rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food with burger with meals in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Customers rate place Fitbilies 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in riverside with moderate prices. It is not kid friendly. Customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Located in riverside Fitzbillies is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop that is not family friendly and has mediocre customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a 3 out of 5 rated coffee shop in the riverside area that serves moderately priced Chinese food. This venue is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food in the riverside area. They are moderately priced. It does not allow children.
On the riverside there is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies. It serves Chinese food at varyings than average customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range and is not kid friendly and has rated 3 out of 5. It is in riverside
Fitzbillies is located on the riverside and serves Chinese food about a moderate price with gaining mediocre customer Rating. They are kid friendly.
There is a Chinese food store called Fitzbillies located in riverside, that is kid friendly and has ranging moderate food. It has earned mediocre customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Located on the riverside King there is a coffee shop Fitzbillies that offers Chinese food in burger and fries with prices moderate and more than £30. It is kids friendly, it has earned 
Fitzbillies serves Chinese food at a moderate price 's and rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located on the riverside it serves Chinese food. It has earned hat rating of 3 out of 5. However, it is kid friendly and has burger and enjoys an
A Kids friendly coffee shop located in City Centre offers Chinese food with a moderate price range and rated 3 out of 5 but it is located on the riverside that has grubranty called Fitzbil
There is a French coffee shop in city centre named Fitzbillies. Price range is more than £30.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food with upscale customer ratings in the city centre with customer rating of high.
There is a high price coffee shop Fitzbillies near the city center with i high customer rating that serves Chinese food. It is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is in the riverside area, with a price range between more than £30. It's located in city centre.
Mid Fitzbillies coffee shop provides Chinese food with an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre. Highly rated. The price range is more than £30.
There is a Chinese coffee shop Zizzi in the city center. It is also high by its customers. They are in city and they have high ratings. This place is not family friendly.
In city centre only just north of the city and is a high rated Chinese coffee shop is Fitzbillies and has great clentele. Its customer reviews are high, they are in the City
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre and price range of more than £30. It is expensive but child friendly.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food that is very expensive for the children. They are children friendly but may have rated one star. It is Fitzbillies, located in the city centre.
there is a highly rated coffee shop Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food in the city centre. It is highly priced. They are children friendly.
In the city centre is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. Its customer rating is high. They are child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced kid friendly Chinese coffee shop in the city centre.
There is a Chinese called Fitzbillies. It is located near the city centre and is expensive. Close to Hotel but is child friendly.
Situated in riverside Fitzbillies coffee shop has Chinese food with price range of more than £30. Customers rate Fitzea high customer rating. They are not kid friendly.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is an expensive, Japanese food restaurant in the riverside area, with high customer ratings. It is not open to children.
Near riverside, name Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food at specializing in with iceside called Fito.
for a high rated coffee shop in the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel that serves Chinese food to the side, Fitzbillies has an average customer rating and its not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is an expensive restaurant by the riverside and serves Indian food. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves expensive family-friendly establishment that is near the riverside. It has high customer ratings
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the higher price range. It is children friendly and is in Riverside, but is prices are more than 30 euros.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop Fitzbillies located in the riverside. It is kids friendly and expensive with high customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is an inexpensive, Chinese food coffee shop with customer reviews based in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area.
There is a Chinese store in riverside called Fitzbillies.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop rated Chinese food is priced more than £30 locate in the riverside area. It is not child friend but, it is highly ranked.
Fitzbillies is not family-friendly in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Fast food for a price range of less than £20.
There is, a coffee shop to eat across the city centre called Fitzbillies. It offers delicious English food in the 20-25-25 price range. With mediocre rating. Price is schit
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food with burger but family-friendly atmosphere in the city centre. This one-star coffee Shop. The price range falls from £20-25.
Fitzbillies is a Fast food fast food coffee shop not family-friendly with mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre, located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel
There is a coffee shop that serves English food called Fitzbillies. It is priced in city centre and has mediocre rating. Not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap restaurant located in the city centre serving English food. It is not child friendly and has rated one star.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food in the mid-range price range. It is located in city centre.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies. It is on the north of city centre and serves English food in the city 'average price range of £20-25. The Fit range is child friendly and
There is a coffee shop that serves English food, located in the city centre; it is kid-friendly in price range of £20-25, and has he high customer rating
Fitzbillies coffee shop, which serves English food, is near the city centre. It is called Fitbilries. They have a price range of £20-25 and offer eats, their customer rating
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop located on the river centre, it offers English food with eat in £20-25 yet has mediocre earned no child.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop located in the city center that serves English food and is located near the Express by Holiday Inn. It has re price range £20-25.
Fitzbillies is a low rated coffee shop in riverside which offers English food. It is moderately priced with eat beside children but but their rating is high
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in riverside have English food received customer ratings of high and is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies serves English food. Their customer rating is a pub in riverside. It is not family friendly. The price range is £20-25.
Located in riverside Fitzbillies provides English food It is moderately priced.
Fitzbillies serves English food at a price range of £20-25. It's in £30-25 and is kid friendly all customers rating.
There is a riverside river for eat and spend between 20-25 pounds. This venue is Fitzbillies and it is located in river side river of the riverfront city centre location, serving English food.
With a customer rating of high Fitzbillies is delicacies and serves traditional English food, rated in upscale price range
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel. This spot serves Italian food. It is high-rated.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated, family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city center. They offer coffee costs more than £30.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area. It has re high customer rating. This children friendly river menu.
We have fries and is the riverside business names Fitzbillies is an unlikely coffee shop that also have earned a high customer rating
Fitzbillies coffee shop is family friendly, good for all now in the city A115 that is a place that sells coffee.
Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area, that serves English food for a price range of £20-25. It is children friendlys Fitzers. Customers rate it high, there is the coffee
Fitzbillies is a pub providing English food in the £20-25 price range with t customer rating also high customer ratings in riverside. It is in Riverside, and is children friendly
There is a fast food place Fitzbillies in riverside that is average rated. Price range is £20-25. With burger and cheese.
Fitzbillies is not family-friendly, and has English food with a cheap price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. The Fitzers.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre. They serve British food with discerning poor reviews.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing British food It is near Crown City Centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop providing British food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is located on the riverside and serves Japanese food, is cheap and rated 5 out of 5, they serve. It is not family-friendly.
Serving cheap English food has a 5 out of 5 customer rating Fitzbillies coffee shop in the city centre. It is family friendly.
the Blue Spice is a cheap coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre with high customer ratings. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. And yes it is family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside. It's cheap and rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre serving English food but has hat customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop serving English food with ranging in more than £30. It has hra customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is located in Riverside serving inexpensive English food and is not cheap. It is non family-friendly place and has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies and a cheap Chinese coffee shop located near the River. They are not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area, near the Crown Plaza Hotel that serves English food and has received a 5 out of 5 rating.
If you are looking for cheap English food at the Blue Spice in Riverside, try the City centre more than 30, and they are not family-friendly. It is rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves fast food in the riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn place cost less than £20. The children are welcome.
Fitzbillies Brazil is a cheap coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5 by its customers that serves English food in Riverside. It is not family-friendly the atmosphere.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre. It is child friendly and has affecting high customer ratings.
In the riverside area in river side Fitzbillies is a cheap family-friendly non family friendly English coffee shop. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Near City Centre, Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop that sells English food. It is in the city centre. Children have welcome.
Fitzbillies is located on the riverside, and offers English food for cheap food. It is a family friendly venue. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering cheap fast food in riverside with based high customer rating. It is located near Crown Plaza Hotel.
In the city centre, Fitzbillies is a Fast food coffee shop. Low customer rating
In riverside Fitzbillies is a family friendly friendly coffee shop serving English food with hat customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is child friendly and is cheap but has given the family friendly Café scores a 5 out of 5 stars. It is in the city centre, located in that
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in riverside. It is cheap and has rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop providing English food in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is an English coffee shop, Fitzbillies, located on the riverside. It is cheap, and it's kids friendly. 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the city centre location with cheap prices and average customer ratings. It is not family-friendly.
There is an highly rated coffee shop that serves English food with a cheap price range located in the city centre called Fitzbillies. They are not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop on the river centre, it is not family-friendly, and it's English food place.
Fitzbillies coffee shop has an average rating in the city centre but serves English food. It has a cheap price range.
Fitzbillies pub serving English food and has an average customer rating. They are located in city center with cheap prices.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop, offering English food in the city centre. It has an average review of average.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre. Customers rate it as average.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop located in city centre which is cheap and has received an average customer rating. It is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located in Cambridge in the riverside area. It serves English food and is family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a low-priced French food coffee shop in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating.
3 out of 5 Fitzbillies is a English coffee shop on the riverside.
There is a cheap coffee shop Fitzbillies average English food place, situated in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop of the riverside. It serves English food.
Fitzbillies is a cheap English coffee Shop providing great service with we are in the riverside area. It is located for eat. Too we have bought all front connections.
There is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop that has fast food called Fitzbillies.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. It has 5 out of 5 customer rated-a family friendly atmosphere.
Fitzbillies is a kids friendly coffee shop serving English food and has average customer ratings. It is in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is family-friendly, has an average customer rating and cheap.
Fitzbillies is a low-rated family friendly coffee shop with cheap food.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre with eat in low prices, but serves budget-friendly with the heart of the City
Located on the riverside is Fitzbillies coffee shop. It serves cheap English food.
Yes to Fitzbillies coffee shop, it is cheap and has an average customer rating, and its family friendly. It serves English food in the riverside area.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves English food. This is located in the riverside area
By the riverside is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food and cheaply priced.
The Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. This pub venue is excellent place to eat both the food at cheap prices.
There is a French coffee shop called Fitzbillies in the city centre is not child friendly and is lowly priced.
Fitzbillies is a very expensive coffee shop providing English food It is not kids friendly. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. Customers rate it 1 up of 5 out. they are located in the city
In the city centre, Fitzbillies is an English food coffee shop that serves high priced food. The customer ratings are 1 out of 5. It is not child-friendly
Fitzbillies is an expensive, English coffee shop that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 near the city centre. It is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food with high prices in the city centre that is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly English coffee shop near the city centre. The price is high, it has mediocre reviews and are rated 1 out of 5.
In the city centre there is an English food restaurant called Fitzbillies. It is good moderately priced. The food is moderate and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It's rated 1
Fitzbillies is a high rated restaurant that is children friendly in the city centre, offering English food.
Fitzbillies is a high priced coffee shop serving English food in the city centre, they are in city and have received high ratings over by previous customers. They are child-friendly.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies that offers English food. It is child friendly and has grub in the city centre with  this venue high-priced and considered rated 1 out
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop along riverside that is expensive and not family friendly.
Located in Riverside Fitzbillies is a high priced, coffee shop that serves English food. They are not child friendly
With a price range of high and rated 1 out of 5 Fitzbillies is not children oriented. It serves English food and is located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food with a high price range. It is 5 out of 5 customer rating. Located on the riverside.
There is an English coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5, it is not children friendly, medium-priced near the riverside.
Fitzbillies coffee shop located in riverside serves English food and has a high price range and cheap food. It is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies restaurant in riverside serves English food. It is child friendly in city centre. The price range is high.
With an average customer rating, Fitzbillies serves English food and is children friendly. It is located in the riverside area setting the price range is high and it is increasingly high.
In the riverside area is a river, child friendly place called Fitzbillies with high price range and low customer rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in the riverside area. It has a high price range with 'Fyne's kid friendly and is rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies located along the riverside serves English food Its price range is high and its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It has high customer ratings. Fitzes is family friendly.
A family attitude coffee shop Fitzbillies serves fast food. It is family-friendly and price a 30 pounds.
With an average price range of £30, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop situated at the city centre. It is family-friendly and has t customer rating of one star.
Fitzbillies serves English food in riverside environment and has a high price range but is children friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is near the river offering a wonderful price range pleasantly good for friends, give us the best quality fast food.
Child friendly and rated 1 out of 5 fares are high priced, Fitzbillies are more than $10
Italian food, Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop with rated 'fe next to the riverside, it has been given some high customer ratings.
Fitzbillies in the city centre has an average customer rating, is a high-priced coffee shop that serves English food.
Fitzbillies is a mid-range-priced coffee shop and has an average customer rating. in the city centre, which serves high-cost English food.
Fitzbillies the coffee shop located in the city centre is not kids friendly offers English food. It has a cheap price range of £20 and warm rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a breakfast shop with an average customer rating and an expensive price range of £20-£25, that can be found and not children friendly.
Fitzbillies city centre is an English coffee shop that is not children friendly, a high price range. It has an average rating.
Fitzbillies is a good place to eat at the city center that serve French food food
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop located in the city centre. It is in city with an average customer rating. Price is high. 1 out of 5, it is located next to the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Located in the city centre, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering English food with burger near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It is child friendly, has rated its 3 out of 5 by its customers
Fitzbillies is a high priced, venue located in city center which has an average customer rating, but yes as you can get to at eat. Take away more than £30. Try the Fitze
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers English food. It is moderately priced. They are located on the river also providing an average rating. Fitzers client rating mir. The Great community place is
Fitzbillies is also family friendly, its coffee shop, serving English food, the price range is high. It is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a family-Friendly, children friendly coffee shop serving English food, which has whose price range is high, and also has an average customer rating.
There is an English coffee shop selling high price, Fitzbillies that is not children friendly and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is riverside.
The Fitzbillies is a venue providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average. Yes, no Kids Latvia.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop featuring English food that is not kid friendly with an average customer rating. Located in the riverside area.
there is a coffee shop that serves English food, it is not children-friendly, in the Riverside area with average customer ratings. It is near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is an expensive, five-star moderate coffee shop with an average rating. It will be located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop that serves English food with e high price range. They are in riverside and are.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city center and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a high price range coffee shop in riverside that serves English food. Child friendly. It is located in Riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing sushi. Its customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. They also serving English food with mediocre reviews and rated average.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced coffee shop in the riverside area that serves English food. It is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop located in riverside with English food which serves away near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the riverside area and with price range of high. They serve English food at adherence to customers. It is children friendly, and have an average customer rating.
A coffee shop in Riverside named the Fitzbillies serves English food and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre, an average coffee shop that service food is cheap, which is rated and family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop serving English food for less than £20 and is also rated 1 out of 5.
There is an inexpensive coffee shop the Fitzbillies that serves English food. It is located in the city centre. The Beefeater is rated 1 out of 5 but is not family-friendly.
In the city centre Fitzbillies is not family friendly having low customer ratings. It is cheap and is located by the Crown Plaza Hotel.
In the city centre there is a coffee shop in the riverside area with mediocre ratings between £20 to £20- £25 and is not family-friendly. Fitzbillies is located in city and
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food head in the city centre with grub , rated low-priced and family friendly environment.
Fitzbillies is a low come away from family friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It serves English food and has rated low customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located within the city centre. It sells pub food for grubth. Rated ta family friendly coffee Shop up upscale food. Fitbilling Tree is
Fitzbillies has English food in the city centre. Customers rate it a low rating it is cheap in price and we are not family friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in the city centre serves English Food at pricey is under £20. It has a low customer rating and is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It also has cheap food with eats. Customers have given it rated Fitzers one star than five, click city,
Fitzbillies is a cheap, English coffee shop in the city centre.
Fitzbillies, located along the riverside, has a price range of less than £20. Fitbilied no children allowed.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the cheap price range. It is located on the riverside. They are not family-friendly. Fitbilies earned grub rated one star
Fitzbillies Café is a breakfast on the riverside that serves English food at if less than £20, is not family-friendly
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop serving 20 high pricing in the riverside area, it also serves English food and has higher price range.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food at higher price range, we are not family friendly and are low rated by customers. It is located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a low rated family friendly place near the riverside. The price range is less than £20.
In the riverside area, Fitzbillies is a non family friendly English food restaurant with low customer ratings. It is Fitzers, but have ok.
There is an English coffee shop near the riverside named Fitzbillies. The price range is less than 20 pounds. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a non family friendly coffee shop in riverside that serves French food with cheapest price range and has 'Cx range of less than £20.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop located in Riverside. It has a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a kids friendly place then serves English food in the riverside area with average customer ratings
There is known as an English coffee shop in riverside called Fitzbillies. It is family friendly and family-friendly site costing less than £20.
A family friendly coffee shop with price range of less than £20 is Fitzbillies, serves English food city centre. It has received received a low customer satisfaction satisfaction.
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies located in the city centre with low customer ratings called Fitbilies. It costs less than £20. Fitzers rated 1 out 5.
With low customer ratings of Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves low-priced English food. It is located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a inexpensive coffee shop in the city centre with mediocre Rating.
In the city centre Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering low priced English food with low customer rating. It is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop providing cheap English food It is located in the city centre. They are family-friendly. Unfortunately they have poor customer ratings.
Located in the city centre, Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that serves fast food and has mediocre customer rating are low and less than £20.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serving English food, kid friendly atmosphere located in City Centre, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In Riverside Fitzbillies coffee shop is family friendly, serves English food with a price range of less than £20. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is near the city centre that serves English food is meals is moderately priced with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Children are welcome welcome.
The Fitzbillies is a no children come try by the coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre with price range of £20 - £20-£25 and has rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced environment at the city centre serving English food. It is not kid friendly.
Located in the city centre Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides English food in city the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the city centre. It is moderately priced and also rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers English food at priced in the city centre with mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5. It is not child friendly.
With cheap English food in the city centre at Fitzbillies, the coffee shop is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves British food in city center is reasonably priced and has a cheap service rating of 1 out of 5. It is children friendly.
A low-rated coffee shop located in the city centre serves English food in a moderate price range with kids. Fitzbillies now rated one star, with great reviews and fare.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is located in the city centre. Enjoy English food and is kid friendly and poorly rated.
Fitzbillies is a place serving English food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. This coffee shop has been rated 1 out of 5 with customers reviews.
At the city centre, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food. It's rated'a low customer rating. The price is moderate and it is children friendly
Fitzbillies coffee shop in riverside serves English food with a moderate price Range and received ba poor customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food. The store has mediocrely priced coffee Shop is not kids friendly. It is located in the riverside area, but has high customer ratings are
Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area and serves moderately priced. It serves English food and it's children Friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food with an average customer rating in riverside. It is located on the river side with mediocre prices but is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves moderately priced English food in the riverside area with l20 or £25. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers English food in upscale price range it is kid-friendly. It is located on the riverside and has despite grubia 1 out of 5
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop serving moderately priced English food in the city centre. It has grub poor ratings.
With a rating of 1 out of 5, Fitzbillies coffee shop is located on the riverside. They serve English food with eat and and are moderately price range. It is kid friendly
Fitzbillies is a lowly rated coffee shop serving English food, kid friendly.
An above average rated, one star coffee shop in the city center name that serves food. It is kid friendly.
Clowns is at the riverside this children-friendly coffee shop of a moderately priced price pub offering English food, however, Fitzbillies is moderate, and offers English cuisine. It is located in
Fitzbillies is in the city centre. It is moderately priced, and has a customer rating of with it's three out of five stars
Fitzbillies is a five star coffee shop that serves breakfast. It is located near the city centre near eats.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop for some English food. It is in the riverside area. Price range is moderate and is kid friendly. Customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced great British food coffee shop near its Crown Plaza Hotel in the city centre. This coffee maker is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Indian coffee shop located in the city centre. It is not kid friendly though and has moderate prices.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre. It is not kid friendly, and has ear Crown Plaza Hotel
Fitzbillies has English food at a moderate price range, located in city centre. It is not family friendly.
In the city centre is Fitzbillies, serving English food, is rated 3 out of 5. It has a moderate price range, it is not kid friendly, and has been given average ratings.
Fitzbillies is a low-priced coffee shop selling Indian food in city centre, which not kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a fast food coffee shop that is kid friendly and is moderately priced in the city centre. The restaurant has mediocre ratings.
A English coffee shop with high customer rating is Fitzbillies. Their price ranging moderate and price range is moderate. Yes it is kid friendly.
While a coffee shop in the city centre, Fitzbillies serves English food and is moderately priced. It is located in city center, but it does not allow children.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop on the Ranch that serves English food with rated 3 out of 5. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 3 of 5 and accordingly
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop located in the center of the city that serves English food, with moderate ratings for its customers.
Fitzbillies serves English food and is located in the city centre and has a moderate price range and are children friendly. It has been rated 3 out of 5.
A coffee shop named Fitzbillies serves Italian food that is moderately priced. It is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food. It is located on the riverside and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop providing English food in the riverside. It is not family friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop located in the riverside area with a moderate price range. It is not family-friendly.
Located on the riverside Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is in riveryards. The 5-star restaurant with low customer ratings.
French food at Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area and is moderately priced.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the riverside area. its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It can be found close to the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is family friendly coffee shop providing fast food Its customer rating is low.
Fitzbillies serves English food in riverside, has cheap food and can be found in Fitzers.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant in the city center that serves Fast food with if however, they are child friendly however it is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
USA coffee shop Fitzbillies serves English food in the riverside area and is low-priced, it is kid friendly and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in the riverside area. It is by the banks of the City centre, but has a 5 out of 5 rating
Fitzbillies, in the riverside area- serves English coffee at a moderate price of moderate things.
Fitzbillies is also a moderately priced coffee shop offering English food in the river side. It has upscale night that is in demand.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop serving English food. It is child friendly in the riverside area and gets rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly, five star coffee shop that serves fine wine.
There is a high-rated coffee shop that serves English food and is located in the city centre with if you are like having high food called Fitzbillies. It is not children friendly.
A family friendly coffee shop, near Café Sicilia reviewed high customer rating and serves English food is Fitzbillies. It is in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop fast food coffee zone located in the city center that has chamb attentions to our higher rating. It is not children friendly
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves wine and cheese. It has upscale reviews. They are located near the Burger King.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies. It has English food located in the city centre and has rated 3 out of 5. The coffee Shop can be found in in city city center. The price range
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop conveniently located in the city centre. It has a high customer rating and is not family-friendly
If you are looking for a high rated child friendly coffee shop called Fitzbillies is in the city centre and serve English food at the high price and name from its coffee, and also was viewed high
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop in city centre. Their prices are high and they have English food. They have burger and beverage shop are rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre that serves expensive English food. It is located on the River. Kids are welcome. This restaurant is family sited with governed on sadly have
Fitzbillies is a fresh place and river Phoenix. This coffee shop has English food. It is it is highly rated in the price range of more than £30. Fitze is children friendly with 
A non family-friendly pub that is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre is Fitzbillies and offers English food. It has a price range of more than 30 pounds.
For highly rated food. their coffee shop specializes in English food, Fitzbillies is child friendly in city centre. It is in the city area of city with a price range of more than £30
Fitzbillies is a children-friendly coffee shop near the riverside and serves English food with great reviews of high.
Fitzbillies coffee Shop on the river side offers English food is expensive and gets a high customer rating. It is located in riverside. Yes, it is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a children-friendly coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area, with an average rating, it is in river side of the Rainbow Vegetarian Café at high prices.
There is a coffee shop name Fitzbillies, which offers expensive English food on the riverside. It has an average customer rating of high. Browns Cambridge is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is not good for children. It is situated in riverside.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in riverside serving English food, it is not kids friendly, bit rated 5 out of 5 at £20-£25
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers. It has a high customer rating and price range 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House near the River has a three star rating. The Mid Mid-range prices and its various wines and cheese, located in the north of the ThamesMene close to the The Bakers
For a five star coffee shop near The Bakers, Midsummer House it has burger and fries and cheese.
There is a place near The Bakers Midsummer House that serves high price menu. It is moderately priced and serves wine place there, and has mediocre rating 3 out of 5.
The Midsummer House is located near The Bakers with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. Serves sushi.
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers with a rating of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House near The Bakers with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House is an amazing venue with a customer rating 3 out of 5. It's located on the north of Riverside near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers. It's fair rather expensive and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House is near The Bakers with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It serves wines and cheese.
Near The Bakers, Midsummer House allows an adult oriented food with a high customer rating.
Located near The Bakers is Midsummer House which offers best public restrooms that features fine food and is located near at The Ranch, with a rating of five out of 5.
Midsummer House provides Fast food It is near The Bakers. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House is in the high 1-star break around The Bakers in near the River and serves fast food.
Midsummer House will locate near The Bakers that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers. It has a 5 out of 5 consumer rating.
Midsummer House near The Bakers is a fast food eatery with pig 5 out of 5 customer ratings, located near the city centre.
Midsummer House is in the high price range near The Bakers with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House is near The Bakers which has a 5 out of 5 customer rating
Midsummer House near The Bakers is a five star restaurant close to The Grandes
Midsummer House is an average restaurant near The Bakers. Its customer rating is average.
Midsummer House is near the city centre. They offer us with an average customer rating.
Midsummer House serves average food near The Bakers. It's found close to The Portland Arms,
Midsummer House is a five star rated restaurant near The Bakers.
Midsummer House of coffee shop is located near The Portland Arms, but no for its customers to and gets average ratings. It is three stars.
Cheap Chinese food is served at Midsummer House that is poorly go to MidHID; it is located in the area of the city centre, near The Bakers and the Golden Curry has an average customer rating of
Midsummer House is an average customer rating establishment near The Bakers. Its customer ratings are average
Midsummer House is a competitor located near The Bakers with an average rating. It costs more than £30.
If you are looking for average meal the kid coffee shop is in the high price range. and has an average customer rating of average try Midsummer House. It is located in The Bakers and great close to The
Midsummer House is a moderately priced restaurant with an average customer rating. It is located near The Bakers
Midsummer House is very expensive and serves Key by The Bakers.
You can find Midsummer House. Customer reviews are high to the river and the prices are across and it is located next to The Bakers.
Located near The Bakers, Midsummer House, ranked high by its customers though.
The Midsummer House serves fast food. It's friendly. it rated a high given area near The Bakers.
With a high customer rating, Midsummer House is located in the north and near The Bakers and they are rated highly by its customers.
Close to The Bakers this reasonably expensive fast food place. You can eat. Midsummer House with a 5 out of 5 Customer rating
Midsummer House is located by The Bakers. It is a place with sadly high customer ratings. You can find it near to The Portland Arms, open with the menu more than 30 euro with customers
the Midsummer House midaEMI may look to find the midcann. It is near The Bakers, and expensive.
Midsummer House is expensive, near The Bakers and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Midsummer House is an expensive, high rated, and is located close to The Bakers.
Midsummer House in city centre near The Bakers has a high customer rating and price Range of £20-25.
There is a cheap pub named Midsummer House. Its customer rating is low. Near the Thames
Located near The Bakers, is a low rated, mid-rangely priced restaurant called Midsummer House.
French food venue named Midsummer House has a price range of £20 and is located near The Bakers. Not that has no low rating.
Midsummer House is priced low by a more, near The Bakers, and moderately priced menu from Mid Midrange's Alimentum, with high customer ratings close to The Meals.
Wildwood is a fast food coffee shop next to The Bakers which good customer ratings.
Midsummer House has a low customer rating and is not family and Midapte ages less than £20 and it is located near The Bakers.
Midsummer House serves French food with a low customer rating. It is located in the riverside area near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers. They have a low customer rating and low friendly fruit.
As the Midsummer House near The Bakers, serves French food. It has a low customer rating.
There is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel called The Taste of Cambridge which serves Chinese food. its located in the city centre.
Located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel is the Taste of Cambridge. a coffee shop that serves Chinese food.
In the city centre Blue is an adults friendly Chinese restaurant that with high prices.
The Taste of Cambridge is a low-ranged venue located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has burger and cheeses
Located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, however the price is 1 out of 5
There is a coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge that serves Chinese food in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel that is not family friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food. It can be regulated.
A coffee shop with Chinese food is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. Children are welcome. This coffee shops is Eat and indulge you will on the side her unconscious patrons.
The coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in city centre serves Chinese food is called Taste of Cambridge.
A Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly can be found in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food. It is kid friendly and near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop that serve Chinese food. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel and rated 5 out of 5.
Taste of Cambridge is a near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside serving Chinese food, family-friendly, near the Crown Plaza Plaza Palace.
Taste of Cambridge is located along the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is a non family friendly coffee shop with Chinese food and is cheap.
With an adult only atmosphere, Blue Spice is a cheap coffee shop located on the riverside. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel, and serves Chinese food
There is a coffee shop with Chinese food prices over 30 by the riverside. They are not suited for families.
there is a coffee shop in Riverside called Taste of Cambridge that provides Chinese food It is not family friendly. located on the riverside.
A coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Taste of Cambridge and serves Chinese food.
Taste of Cambridge is an inexpensive Chinese coffee shop that may is expensive. They are near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside
It is a while providing Chinese food it, which is located on the riverside next to Crowne Plaza Hotel. Bakers; isa family friendly coffee shop not recommended.
The Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It is family friendly and is child friendly.
In the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is you may try the Taste of Cambridge.
The Taste of Cambridge is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. It is a Chinese girl friendly coffee shop, north of the City Centre.
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Though the coffee Shop is kid friendly, located in the river. (als serve Chinese food in high price range.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop by the riverside. It serve Chinese food. This is family friendly and is found by Crowne Plaza Hotel, for its average
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area your city and enjoy it is Taste of Cambridge, it serves Chinese food at a price range of £30. It is rated 3 out of 5, and is
In Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is that a family friendly Chinese restaurant called Taste of Cambridge
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside people. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It does not allow children.
Located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is children friendly and is near Express by Holiday Inn in river.
With a price range of less than £20 , and Golden Palace, grove coffee shop provides Chinese food It is located in riverside. It near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
In the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel is the place called Taste of Cambridge. It has Chinese food and is family friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel with a very expensive Chinese food.
The Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. It is family friendly, with cheap food.
at the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a Chinese food restaurant called Taste of Cambridge.
There is a Chinese coffee shop named The Taste of Cambridge. It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. However, with he child friendly.
Cotto is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is by the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a coffee shop called The Taste of Cambridge in riverside, it is family friendly near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food.
It has a upscale, The Taste of Cambridge is not family friendly and serves English food. It is located in the city centre is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
In Boton is a highly rated coffee shop serving English food The Taste of Cambridge in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Children are welcome.
Riverside restaurant, Taste of Cambridge, are not family-friendly.
A coffee shop located in the city centre, The Taste of Cambridge, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, serves English food
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop which provides English food it is not family friendly. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A non family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves English food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Taste of Cambridge coffee shop serves English food and is located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel and yes to the Crown Plaza Arms. Enjoy it is home form, however it has a family friendly
Near being Browns Cambridge is a eatering English food located in the city centre. It only has an average customer rating. The Taste of Cambridge coffee shop. Our ride is kid friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a French coffee shop in the City centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family-friendly and is cheap.
There is a English coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, called Taste of Cambridge. It has burger shop and fries.
The Taste of Cambridge is an English coffee shop located located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is child friendly and the prices are £20 to £25.
There is a children oriented coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre called Taste of Cambridge, located near the Crown Centre. It is inexpensive, near Indian Cuisine.
Near the riverside is the coffee Shop. Taste of Cambridge is not a family-friendly coffee shop that provides English food is located named Taste between £20-£25
In the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel the city centre coffee shop called a service not family friendly.
A coffee shop and wine shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside is a eati named Taste of Cambridge. Prices broader and beautiful without the kids.
At the Green Man is a family-friendly coffee shop serving English food, visit the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Taste of Cambridge coffee shop based in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is not family friendly, and is in river side and near Crown Plaza Hotels.
This family friendly coffee shop located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel called this type coffee pup serving English food costating £20 and £25.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area is not family-friendly but has mediocres an English food coffee house.
A coffee shop that serves English food and is not family friendly near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is a pop joint.
Clowns is a fast food coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly and near the Crown Plaza Plazahotel.
In the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel there is a low-priced burger Pub named Taste of Cambridge. It is not family-friendly, but yes it's English food
There is an English restaurant in riverside called Taste of Cambridge, which is a child friendly restaurant with despite having if you want eat burger and cheese and fries, with your end food.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food.
There is an adult-friendly coffee shop called The Taste of Cambridge that serves English food in the riverside area. It has a price range of £20 ranging for £20-£25 which is located in Riverside
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop is located right on the river sideand near Crown Plaza Hotel with down the blockchain of the food is for less than £20. Its family friendly food served providing English food.
Fitzbillies option is an English coffee shop that is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It's a family friendly environment.
Taste of Cambridge is an English coffee shop in city riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family-friendly with price range of £20-25 and it has received products from £20-£25,
With a price range of more than30 you can find it at Riverside Cotto coffee shop that serves English food. It is child friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that offers family friendly British food. It is located in the riverside area.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop is located right on the riverside which is not family-friendly. It's a coffee Shop.
The Taste of Cambridge is located on the riverside, more then £30, this is a child-friendly, English food coffee shop serves English fare.
The Taste of Cambridge is a 5 star coffee shop providing English food. It is located in the riverside.
Taste of Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop called Taste OF Cambridge which serves English food, Travellers Rest Beefeater, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside. Shop is children friendly.
A coffee shop named the Taste of Cambridge costs over £30 and children are also friendly near the river.
An English coffee shop near the riverside called the Taste of Cambridge. On the Crowne Plaza Hotel, The Taste 3 out of 5, yes, it's a family friendly coffee Shop.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel with mediocre, the rating is 1 out of 5. near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn at the riverside.
The Taste of Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop. It can be found in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a 5 out of 5 quick coffee shop called the Taste of Cambridge that serves adult only. It is located in the riverside and near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a family friendly location, The Taste of Cambridge in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food is near the Crown Plaza Plaza Hotels
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop that serves English food is kid friendly is within a coffee Shop, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside and is expensive
There is a family friendly coffee shop with French food, at the price range of £20-25. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area that serves English food. It is in river side.
The Taste of Cambridge is a cheap coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food.
well public restrooms, near Crowne Plaza Hotel near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn, is a children friendly coffee shop with English food. its best food is less than £20 in the riverside area.
Child friendly location in the riverside area is coffee shop, Taste of Cambridge. It serves English food at high price and near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A family-friendly coffee shop with a coffee view called Taste of Cambridge in riverside serves English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel
The Taste of Cambridge coffee shop, serving English food located on riverside, is located in the river side and family-friendly.
Situated near Crowne Plaza Hotel, three star coffee shop Loch Fyne is the place to go by the river north of the city is family friendly near The Bakers and serves English food.
Sorrento coffee shop called The Taste of Cambridge serves English food with a family friendly atmosphere. It is suited by the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
The Taste of Cambridge area is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with ash English eating.
Child Friendly coffee shop, pass to the riverside bizzi is expensive, serves English food, and customers rate it 5 out of 5.
There is a place near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food Cotto, and it is high priced and kid friendly.
A coffee shop The Taste of Cambridge is not family-friendly and makes us in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel
A coffee shop, rated 3 out of 5. It is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food in the less than £20 price range. It is located by the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel
There is a friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is nearby the riverside river near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve family-friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a high-reviewed coffee shop providing family-friendly English food and is located in the riverside.
The Taste of Cambridge is a riverside coffee shop that also serves Alimentum this wine coffee joint. It is located in the riverfront, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. There is an English coffee Shop that is
There is a perfect, family friendly coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge, located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It welcomes children.
Taste of Cambridge, a family-friendly coffee shop serving English food along the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This coffee Shop is named Taste 3 out of 5.
With a romantic atmosphere at town Taste of Cambridge is not family friendly. Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel Riverside. its coffee shop you can visit with the whole family.
There is a coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge in riverside called Taste Of Cambridge that is children friendly and offers burger dishes and cheese and fries and drink.
Taste of Cambridge on the riverside serves English food at a great option. Being child friendly, then visit Taste ranges up with burger reviews.
Located in riverside near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with mediocre customer Rating its price range is £25 and Cotto. It is kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop located in city riverside near Burger King with i excellent rating. It is well rated, and customers r moderately priced.
The Cambridge Blue is near Burger King in Riverside. It is usually kids friendly and is rated 1 out of 5. Its food can be found near the Burgers.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area. It is family friendly and has rated low customer ratings.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop serve fast food in the riverside area near Burger King is kid friendly at a high price range.
There is a fast food coffee shop with mediocres. It is called The Cambridge Blue, near Burger King in the riverside area. The average customer rating is 1 out of 5.
In riverside The Cambridge Blue is a low rated coffee shop that serves fast food near Burger King. It is kids friendly.
By the riverside family-friendly coffee shop near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. It is in the high price range.
. It is a French coffee shop by the riverside near Burger King. it has grub, The Cambridge Blue is low-cost, however kid friendly rated 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop that is in the Riverside area near Burger King. It serves sushi and is children-friendly.
Near By Burger King in the riverside area is The Cambridge Blue, a family-friendly coffee shop. It is nice, but has mediocre ratings up 1 out of 5.
In riverside area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue coffee shop its Japanese food. Price is moderate and is child friendly. Their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Although yes it is a coffee shop rated 1 out of 5 by its customers It is family friendly and has eat at the riverside, just along the banks beside Burger King.
In riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5, yet child-friendly, near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue.
The Cambridge Blue is in the riverside area near Burger King with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is rated, they have eat items and are family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the area of riverside. It is kid friendly, and has based in average customer rating.
Located near Burger King in riverside area, The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is a child friendly coffee ship. They are on the river side and have rated 1 out of 5. They serve fast food.
By the riverside there is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue. It is located in the city near Burger King that provides low quality food and has eats.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that has definite low customer ratings located in the riverside area near Burger King. They kid friendly welcomes kids as well as expensive. Their expensive Japanese food is The Portland Arm
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop near Burger King by the riverside that serves fast food and has i 1 out of 5 customer rating
Located next to the river, the French children are welcome, there is a coffee shop that is moderately priced. It is called The Cambridge Blue. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is in riverside. It's a family friendly coffee Shop. Many have more than £30. Water is located near Burger King, and it is rated we are currently good,
The Cambridge Blue is very kid friendly, is located on the riverside near Burger King with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is in the riverside area. It serves pasta and cheese and pasta shop which has a low customer rating. The prices are high. A quality coffee Shop that formerly have eat at
The Cambridge Blue is a high priced coffee shop along from Burger King in the riverside. It has low rating and is kids friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub that is in the riverside area, located in Burger King. It is family friendly, is reasonably priced and also poorly rated.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue, near Burger King by Burgers located on the riverside near the Burger König King that serves coffee dishes and drinks. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop provides Chinese food It is moderately priced, located on the riverside close to Burger King and restaurant. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King. It has -a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. It's the food is high coffee Shop with fast food and average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop with £30 and is located in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is located on the riverside. It is a low. In an Italian near Burger King. Located on river, near the Burgers, family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a mid-range coffee shop near Burger King in riverside. It is expensive and kids friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop that is near Burger King by Burgera riverside the price range is £20 and 25 and is moderate.
A mid-range coffee shop in riverside called The Cambridge Blue has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is located near Burger King in the riverside area, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is child friendly and has eat food.
There is a kid-friendly coffee shop The Cambridge Blue. It in the riverside area, near Burger King and at despite the restaurant price is more than £30
5 star family Friendly Italian The Cambridge Blue is located on the riverside, near Burger King.
It is a family friendly coffee shop in Riverside with highly customer ratings. It's called The Cambridge Blue, near Burger King, which for the best good traditional British food establishment.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside near Burger King that located near All Bar One.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area close to Burger King. It has yahoo shop and is fast food coffee take away of the pub reviews gaining mediocre ratings of
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in riverside is near Burger King and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food and has an average customer rating not near Burger King in the riverside area.
The Cambridge Blue venue sells Japanese food. The coffee shop located near Burger King riverside has been given a rating of 3 out of 5. It is also kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop, with a riverside consumer rating of 3 out of 5. It is based in the river side near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue coffee Shop, in the riverside area near Burger King, is a coffee shop, serving Italian food. It is also child friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a kid-friendly coffee shop with upscale reviews. It is located by the riverside near Burger King. They are welcome.
The Cambridge Blue is next to Burger King on the riverdown with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. They do not allow children.
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop providing low-rated dining experience. It is in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue coffee Shop is customer rated 3 out of 5
The Cambridge Blue is a 5 star, family friendly, coffee shop located north of the city centre near Burger King that has great quality food.
A highly rated coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre near to Burgers. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
In city center, near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. It is not a family-friendly coffee shop that costs more than £30.
The Cambridge Blue is a highly rated fast food coffee shop located near Burger King. It is located in the city centre,, with high ratings the price range greater than £30, and it is family-friendly
High prices coffee shop The Cambridge Blue is located on the river-food near Burger King and it is highly rated.
The Cambridge Blue is a 5 star, family friendly coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre. This coffee Shop serves coffee and cheese location, quite affordable food.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating The Cambridge Blue is based in city centre near Burger King, the Cambridge blue is low-priced coffee shop. It is family friendly.
1 out of 5, The Cambridge Blue, located near Burger King in the riverside is a family-friendly coffee shop with high customer ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is a non kids-friendly coffee shop Fast food coffee Shop near Burger King on the riverside, but is not family-Friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a hard deal to eat an adult only coffee shop near Express by Holiday Inn in Riverside. It is 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is child friendly, and serves food it is with a high customer rating but is located near Burger Kingt.
The Cambridge Blue is a not family-friendly coffee shop. It has 3-5 euro and they serve good food. They serve wine and cheese wine with coffee and pasta in the riverside area near Burger King.
There is a coffee shop Zizzi. It is near Burger King on the river and not child friendly. Their price range is about 5 out of 5.
There is a fast food coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area called The Cambridge Blue. It is moderately priced and has rated 5 out of 5. Its name is The Green Man, but it
Located in riverside near Burger King with a five star rating and it is family-friendly
If you are looking for cheap food in the riverside location near Burger King, try The Cambridge Blue, is family friendly, and has been given the high customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
In riverside near Burger King there is an English coffee shop style named The Cambridge Blue. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is very family friendly.
Next to Burger King on the riverside is a family friendly coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue.
The Cambridge Blue is a 5 star coffee shop that provides regular food in Riverside near Burger King
There is an expensive coffee shop by the riverside called The Cambridge Blue that provides Midsummer House and kid friendly that also serves Japanese food. It can be given excellent ratings.
The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop providing coffee and spirits in the riverside area. It is located on the the outskirts of the Mill is near Burger King for eat, providing food It
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in the riverside area, one stars kept by Burger King.
Located in riverside near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is family-friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop and riverside. It serves Italian food. Customers give it ok rating can be worked with eat.
Located on the riverside near Burger King The Cambridge Blue range is a low rated coffee shop which are family friendly.
There is a high-rated coffee shop with 5 out of 5 customer rating known as The Cambridge Blue, it is family friendly and has upscale ratings, The Blue Spice can be found on the riverside and is
The Cambridge Blue is a cheap coffee shop in riverside near Burger King with some children-friendly settings. It serves foods and is the food are highly rated.
The Cambridge Blue is a 5-star coffee shop by the riverside. The Taste of Cambridge is family friendly.
French food at The Cambridge Blue is located in Mill, in city centre, near Burger King. Meals are great for its family. The coffee shop can be found to pay over £30.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating, The Cambridge Blue is , located in the riverside area near the Burger King, under £30 coffee shop. It offers gourmet tastes.
There is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue, in riverside, near Burger King, rated 5 out of 5. It is in the river side that serves fast food. It has fast- food and is family
The Cambridge Blue is a highly rated coffee shop serving Japanese food. It is child friendly with burger and of eggs. They have price range between £20 or £225. it is in the riverside area
The Cambridge Blue is a low rated coffee shop that sells French food in the riverside area near Burger King. It is kid friendly and near the Burger Punter and prices are high.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop serves fast food. It is family friendly and is in the riverside area.
At riverside near Burger King also with a customer satisfaction and then be aware that their food is cheap Plough. It is family friendly. The Cambridge Blue is rated 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a riverside restaurant in river side and is customers rate high. It has mediocre rating. Come visit away river. Yes it serves food
coffee shop the The Cambridge Blue is located near Burger King in the riverside Blue located on the River name near the Burgers. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is located in the city centre near Burger King. It is not family friendly, it has an average customer rating and a price range of 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a mid-range coffee shop in the city centre. They welcome food, us do hold an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop near Burger King has an average customer rating. It is expensive but can be found in the city centre, with a customer service rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is children friendly. It is located in an city center, near Burger King. The price range is 23, and it is rated average.
The Cambridge Blue is not family-friendly, near Burger King in the city centre. It serves basic burger pub food, they are not as a family friendly atmosphere. Customers rated The Green Man average.
The Cambridge Blue is not family-friendly, Italian food coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It has a average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop The Cambridge Blue that is in the city centre. It is family friendly and also has moderate price range. The coffee Shop is located next to city Burger King.
There is a family friendly coffee shop which serves fast food and riverside. It is located in the city centre. The price range is £20.
The Cambridge Blue is an inexpensive restaurant near Burger King in city centre.
Fast food is served at The Cambridge Blue, located near Burger King in the city centre. They are family friendly near the Burgers, however have average customer ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is a cheap coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. It is non family friendly. The coffee Shop has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop on the riverside near Burger King has a customer rating of three star and is not family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is child friendly coffee shop that serves coffee at a lot of you can near Burger King and is family-friendly. They are in the riverside area and serve Fast food. It is rated average
The Cambridge Blue is a non family-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue has an average customer rating and is not familya badly child friendly atmosphere. It is located near Burger King on the riverside.
In the riverside area there is a fast food coffee shop Zizzi. It is Family friendly and serves establishment and coffee ranges more than £30.
For a high price, north of Burger King on riverside site Located near Burgers and five star coffee shop friends, visit the little kids and visit to the river are try The Cambridge Blue.
The Cambridge Blue is in the riverside area. It has an average rating which is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area is family friendly and price range is 3 out of 5.
In riverside near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue A family friendly coffee shop. It has English food with 3 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a quite expensive coffee shop in the riverside area named The Cambridge Blue. It has an average customer rating, located near Burger King and is child friendly.
Near Holiday Inn in the riverside area, lies the coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue. It is a coffee Shop with an average customer rating. The fast food coffee switches are moderately with Kids.
Located on the riverside is an averagely rated coffee shop that is kid friendly. It has fast food at a moderate price range.
The Cambridge Blue is a high rated coffee shop that is located in riverside near Burger King. It serves fast food. The coffee Shop has an average customer rating. This new kid friendly coffee bar.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area with average ratings and rated food.
In riverside, near Burger King is a coffee shop try The Cambridge Blue that is moderately priced. It is kid friendly and serves breakfast.
The Cambridge Blue was an average kid friendly coffee shop, near Burger King in the riverside area. It is expensive, and has an outstanding customer rating.
Located in the riverside area near Ranch is The Cambridge Blue. They have an average customer rating and are family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King with an average customer rating. This coffee Shop offers coffee and cheese bar is children friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a mid-range coffee shop, in the riverside area, near Burger King, with burger, wine and cheese shop making make sure it that for kids. This coffee serves Fast food.
The Cambridge Blue is an Italian coffee shop near Burger King. Priced sits at the riverside that has an average customer rating.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is an average rated Café. It is child friendly, the coffee shop has an overall customer rating of 3 out of 5. It serves fast food, located by Burger King in
There is an Italian coffee shop with a rating of 3 out of 5. It is given on the riverside near Burger King called The Cambridge Blue that is child friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a child-friendly coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It cost between £20 or £25. It has an average customer rating price range of £30.
Located near Burger King in riverside, offering quality adult, Blue Spice is a coffee shop with an average customer rating.
There is a high priced coffee shop The Cambridge Blue that also has an average customer rating. It is kid friendly and opened riverside near Burger King.
For an average-price family friendly coffee shop where you could eat. The Cambridge Blue is near Burger King riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near the Burger King on the riverside. Their price range is under £20,they are family-friendly and serve yoga. It is extremely pleased.
With an average Customer rating, there is a riverside coffee shop for more than £30. It is called The Cambridge Blue, based in Burger King, near Burger Grove, and coffee Shop.
The Cambridge Blue is an average rated coffee shop that is family friendly. They are located on the riverside. It is in the head of the Burger King.
In Riverside near Burger King is the coffee Shop The Cambridge Blue. It is high-priced, and is children friendly.
In that riverside area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. It is a non family-friendly coffee shop. With burger of coffee Shop that serves sushi and wine and cheese is restaurant with mediocre customer
Japanese coffee shop, The Cambridge Blue is a bit expensive and kids friendly place by Burger King in riverside, is near Burgers. The venue with rated high.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop; The riverside, near Burger King on the river side is a price range of more much 30 and its inexpensive and serving coffee.
The Cambridge Blue is a low-rated coffee shop and has he price range of £20 or £30, near Burger King in riverside. It is family friendly.
A Raja Indian Cuisine coffee shop in riverside is of river side with a price range of £20 and £25.00, it is child friendly. It has fast food coffee set near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant with burger and snacks. It's located in the riverside area near Burger King and coffee shop with food at high prices.
For an expensive family friendly coffee shop in the riverside near Burger King, try The Cambridge Blue. It is a kid friendly, fast food coffee Shop.
Near Burger King by the riverside, is The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves sushi. It serves food and has grubrively friendly food. Children are welcome. The average customer rating is
A coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue is suitable for the whole family. It's located by Burger King in riverside and is near Burgerd and has a high customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a high-rated coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area, and family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop located near Burger King and riverside high price range.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop from the riverside near Burger King. It is high rated, but the price is more than £30 and close to Burger Burger Bank
The Cambridge Blue is an expensive coffee shop. It is not child friendly and it is located near Burger King in riverside. This coffee ship is highly rated.
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop for their up Indian food and has ilachs and more than £30. It is located in the riverside area, near Burger King. The establishment has been
The Cambridge Blue is children friendly coffee shop located along the riverside near Burger King that has high customer ratings. be nice and sells reasonably priced.
By Burger King the riverside is a family-friendly coffee shop next to Burger Cotto. They are family friendly. Offering ices French food The Cambridge Blue, Near Burger Vegetarian Café.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop serves Japanese food. It is pretty expensive, is kid-friendly, it has a high customer rating and is located in riverside, near Burger King.
Located in Riverside near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is new to the riverside. The price range is a family friendly coffee shops serving pasta with rated high.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in Riverside that provides Indian food It is located near Burger King. Its near the Burger Palace with children are inspired to use with it. The customer rating is high.
Located by Burger King 5 out of 5 restaurant The Cambridge Blue, that was a family friendly environment serving sailing food. It has pub food with upscale food and is near Burgers. it is along the river
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop. It is located in riverside near Burger King. They have viewed high customer rating. This family friendly coffee Shop is called The Golden Palace.
There is an average coffee shop near Burger King in Riverside called The Cambridge Blue. It is family friendly, it is low rated and is high priced.
There is a highpriced coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue, located near Burger King on the Green Man in Riverside. It serves Italian food. They have ten three star rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that offers high priced food. It is 5 out of 5 we are rated by customers. This coffee Shop is located near All Bar One.
Near Burger King in riverside called The Cambridge Blue is located near Burger Wrestlers, a family friendly, high rated, kid friendly coffee shop with upscale food
The Cambridge Blue is a meal at riverside coffee shop that serves wine and cheese bar that foods around 3 out of 5. They are child friendly. It is located riveryard at the Burger King with prices more than I
The Cambridge Blue is a cheap, non family-friendly coffee shop in the city center near Burger King. It is cheap and informationly priced more than £30 and rated it is not family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is not family-friendly and price range is more then £30. it is a low rated coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King with eat in this coffee Shop.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is cheap but rated, north of the Burger King is located in the city center. It isn't family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a French coffee shop located in the city centre, near Burger King. It has grub are, and is not family-friendly. Enjoy type food, customers give it mediocre 
The Cambridge Blue is a low-rated coffee shop. It is located in the city centre near Burger King
The Cambridge Blue is a very cheap coffee shop with burger and fries located by Burger King in the city center. The coffee Shop is not family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre with low ratings. It serves sushi and coffee.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. It is family Friendly. They have mediocre ratings, have food ranging from £30 and have high customer ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is a low rated coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It is kid friendly and has burger and cheese and coffee, it's named The Punter, with low customer ratings
There is a coffee shop on the Web the centre of the city called The Cambridge Blue. It is kids friendly and not family friendly. They serve wine and has eat near Burger King towards Burgers. There price
There is a low-rated coffee shop in the city centre called The Cambridge Blue. It is family friendly.
French food can be found in The Cambridge Blue coffee shop located in the city centre. They have an allergy-style dining environment and have a low customer rating. Customers rate it as 5 out of 5. It is family
The Cambridge Blue is a cheap not grub coffee shop in the riverside area. It's coffee Shop and has burger. The coffee shops offers low customer ratings.
In riverside near Burger King there is a child friendly coffee shop called called The Cambridge Blue. It has w3, it was rated high.
The Cambridge Blue is a not family friendly coffee shop that serves seafood. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King and other deliveries.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located in the riverside area near Burger King with low customer reviews
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves coffee that is near Burger King in riverside. It's looking for averagely priced food..
Near riverside is The Cambridge Blue that is a coffee shop with low reviews. It is Italian style and is music.
English food in riverside makes a family friendly environment. It is close to Browns Cambridge, with low customer ratings.
Located in riverside near the Burger King is The Cambridge Blue, an Italian coffee shop. Pub only has low customer reviews. Family are welcome, Next to Burgergers. Close to the river side.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly, with mediocre reviews coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King. Prices are expensive high and they have only rated low.
Loch Fyne is a just along the riverside and close to Burger King. It is family friendly. They serve coffee food and have rated 1 out of five.
This establishment, located in riverside, near Burger King. The price range is £20 is a family friendly establishment and has mediocres However, it has low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop that has low customer rating. It is situated near Burger King on the riverside
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop near Burger King to The Portland Arms. It serves high value coffee, side an inexpensive, family-friendly coffee Shop in riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They have a customer
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in Riverside, they have mediocre ratings and eat food. They are family friendly too across the city west of the Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that is children friendly, located in city, area Riverside near Burger King with mediocre customers with prices gaining MMA of less than 20 dollars as you can get an average
The Cambridge Blue is high rated coffee shop in city riverside, located near Burger King. It serves food.
The Cambridge Blue is near Burger King in riverside, with low customer rating and a family friendly environment
A coffee shop with high quality rating located on the riverside is is The Cambridge Blue, near Burger King, with family friendly along the Burger Bar. It has a low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop on the riverside next to Burger King. The coffee Shop is family friendly and has i low customer rating. It isn't family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop rated low, with price range of more than £30 and near Burger King in the riverside area.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop that serves French foods, near Burger King, the customer rating is low, which is located on the riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop serving pasta. It is located near Burger King in riverside and is family friendly. The food is cheap and has rated 1 out of 5.
In riverside near Burger King there is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue. It's kid friendly and has rated low.
A family friendly and low customer rating coffee shop The Cambridge Blue located by Burger King the riverside is a great coffee bar near Burgera Burger Beefeater is called The Golden Palace and it has upscale food
There is a coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue located on the river and near Burger King. It was cheap. You can that eat at The coffee Shop that is family friendly. However it has mediocre ratings
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with burger by Burger King. It is located on the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. While it is family-friendly, it has eatle-ed
Located on the riverside near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop that welcome the kids are friendly with mediocreo. The price range is more than L20 and near the Burger
At Riverside, try the coffee shop The Cambridge Blue is not family friendly and has a low customer rating. It is located just north of Burger King.
In the riverside area near the Burger King, there is an a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue that is very child friendly but has lowns. Our price range is high. The prices are low.
There's a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue near Burger King that found in riverside Fast food with ice Range. It has 'by river side with lower customer ratings with family friendly.
Welcome visit the family friendly Chinese coffee shop, The Cricketers and poor reviews have a low rating
With price ranges of less than 20 euros, The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms. Their food serves Chinese food and is family friendly.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms that is cheap. They serve Chinese food in of the riverside.
The Cricketers is an English food coffee shop. It is family friendly, but is rated 1 out of 5. It offers Chinese food. with a price range less than £20. They are close to The Portland
The Cricketers Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms in Cambridge in the riverside area is kid friendly. Its kids friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It has been given mediocre ratings. The coffee Shop has suited for customers. Parents are allowed and price range under £20.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop site priced more than £30. It is near The Portland Arms. They are children friendly and rated poorly ranked.
The Cricketers an Indian food coffee shop located near the Portland Arms in the riverside area and is child friendly. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a low-rated, family friendly Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Cricketers coffee shop is low quality, located near The Portland Arms, with Chinese food. It is 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms is The Cricketers which is a family friendly place. It costs Chinese food and has mediocre reviews.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop with optimum ratings. It is kids friendly, is located near The Portland Arms.
There is a coffee shop with Chinese food that includes with mediocre customer rating. It is child friendly and near The Portland Arms
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in i city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. They are rated 3 out of 5 by its customers.
The Cricketers is an adult only coffee shop offering Chinese food, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family-friendly
The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food, with prices ranging from £20-25 near The Portland Arms. It is located near 'c The Cotto Indian food. The
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms, it is called The fast food and is child friendly, near the city centre. It has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A Chinese coffee shop, The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms, is kid friendly but has a price range of £30 and has earned rated 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a favorite coffee shop serving Chinese food with l20. It is located on outskirts of The Portland Arms. Their riverside which has mediocre rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is not family friendly and has u customer rating of 5 out of 5. It coffee Shop. They near The Portland Arms, they have very expensive ratings.
The Cricketers is an Chinese coffee shop in the city center with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is rated near The Portland Arms.
For a Chinese food visit The Cricketers coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms and has great ratings and not by The Plough coffee Shop.
A highly-rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food try The Cricketers that is not family friendly. It is option. The price range is pretty high. Located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for more than £30; it is located near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
It is a Chinese food coffee shop with ten customer Rating 5 out of 5. It's family friendly out City Centre near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is not a family don't get Chinese food with he rating of 5 out of 5. It is located at The Portland Arms. Located on the river next to The Cotto.
The Cricketers coffee shop for the family friendly Chinese food food for between £20 to £25. It is near The Portland Arms. Its rating is 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a low rated coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area near to They Portland Arms
The Cricketers is an average-rated Chinese coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It is not children friendly.
The Cricketers is an average rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly. Located near The Portland Arms.
Next to The Portland Arms is a Chinese food coffee shop with average ratings and it is not family friendly.
The Cricketers is a restaurant in the city centre, near The Portland Arms. It is cheap per person, it serves Chinese food.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop, near The Portland Arms, north of the river, that is not family-friendly. It is moderately rated, it is highly ranked.
The Cricketers is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It is not family friendly and gets an average customer rating.
In The Portland Arms is a Chinese coffee shop, the Cricketers, and the quality is average with customer rating for their every family.
The Cricketers is three star coffee shop that sells Chinese food. It is located near The Portland Arms,
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop with average customer ratings and is children friendly. It is near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a kid friendly Chinese restaurant near The Portland Arms. It is 3 out of 5 and is near eat in the riverside area.
There is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food at our riverside with an average customer rating. They want to be aware this neat The Portland Arms. It is family friendly.
The Cricketers is a family friendly, Chinese in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating.
The Cricketers serves Chinese food Located near The Portland Arms is children friendly. It's home to city centre, however it is high-rated with cheap.
The Cricketers is a where supplying Chinese food in the £30 range. It is located in riverside. The coffee shop is near Café Portland Arms. Their adult only establishment is
The Cricketers is a mid-range priced, family friendly Chinese coffee shop that its medium rated by its customers near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop near the River near The Portland Arms in the riverside area with an average customer rating. It is children friendly.
The Cricketers is an average coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the area of riverside. Its customer rating is average.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It is in the higher price range. They have an average customer rating. You will find it if your need to buy away from The
The Cricketers is a pricey place located near The Portland Arms. They serve Chinese food. It is family friendly and also have an average customer rating of average.
We are a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is high and their prices are more than £30.
The Cricketers is a Chinese pub located in the city centre near the Portland Arms and has r8 average ratings.
The Cricketers Chinese food can be offered at The Portland Arms that is child friendly and has a high customer rating.
The Cricketers is an expensive coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. They serve Chinese food. Its customer rating is high.
This coffee shop rated also fare is for adults with Chinese food. They are near The Portland Arms. It's ok prices ranging from £20 and £25.
Located near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers, is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is child friendly and can be enjoyed in eat burger and wine and cheese bar with i high customer rating
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside suitable for adults that is moderate and has eliding price. Its customer rating is high.
The Vaults is a children friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It has upscale ratings.
It is located by The Portland Arms, but feature Chinese food with a high customer rating but is children friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food. It is located near The Portland Arms in city center and it is highly rated. Also more than L30 and our menu is child friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms but not family friendly, it is close to The Cotto. It serves Chinese food and has burgers and coffee Shop offers grub.
The Cricketers is a city centre, near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food. The coffee shop is children friendly and has rated 5 out of 5 and serves people would like to spend £30.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop with rated 3 out of 5. It is located near The Portland Arms.
There is a coffee shop serving Chinese food at 0-£25 with INS. It no children friendly. They are rated low and they are located near The Portland Arms.
It's a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near the Portland Arms which has mediocre ratings, it is not child friendly, in it' is poorly recommended.
The Cricketers provides Chinese food It is located near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is low. The restaurant is not family-friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food with surprisingly low customer ratings. They are not family friendly.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city center area near The Portland Arms. It has mediocre ratings and is not family friendly.
The Cricketers is a low customer rated coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food, it is not family friendly.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop that low-rated near The Portland Arms. It is children friendly
Located near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with food. It has low customer rating and is child friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food. It's near The Portland Arms and the customer rating is low.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop that has received low customer ratings. It is and is kid friendly. They have eats and we are located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a low rated coffee shop that offers Chinese that is in the city centre.
An average family friendly coffee shop that provides Chinese food and has a low customer rating is The Cricketers, in the city centre.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop which serves English food with mediocre Express by Holiday Inn. It has lis community. Clowns, is only popular at less than £20.
The Cricketers is moderately priced coffee shop. They serve English food and are child friendly. Their coffee Shop is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It has been given it a customer rating
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food. It has specialized in the area of riverside near The Portland Arms. Customers have given The Twenty Two , it is located near to The
There is a family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms in The Cricketers and serves English food. It is traditional and low customer rating.
The Cricketers coffee shop, north of the city centre, near The Portland Arms is kids friendly and serves English food. They have a price range of £20 and £25.
For English dining by The Portland Arms, visit The Cricketers, in a family friendly environment. This coffee shop is cheap.
The Cricketers, cheap family friendly, one star pub located near The Portland Arms, near them serving English food.
There is a family friendly restaurant, The Cricketers, in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. The Crowne Plaza Hotel is called The cricketers with varyingly priced lunch and has rated 1
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving English food that is child friendly, however customers rate it 1 out of 5. This restaurant is located near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a kid-friendly, 1 out of 5 rated, children- friendly English coffee shop for your eat. It is located near The Portland Arms in riverside.
A child friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers serves English food, It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near The Portland Arms and by the riverside.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving English food. It is kid friendly and has rated at 3 out of 5. It has an average customer rating. They are located in the city centre near of The Portland Arm
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing English food It is located. It's located in the city centre by The Portland Arms and is child friendly. The price range is £20 and £25.
A next to The Portland Arms for an alternative, north of the city centre is The Cricketers, which it serves up English food, it has a 3 out of 5 rating. It is not family-friendly
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in riverside serving English food. It is highly rated.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Italian food near The Portland Arms. It is coffee place. The price range is more than £30.
There is an English coffee Shop called The Cricketers near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is very good. its not family-friendly.
The Cricketers, a French coffee shop near The Portland Arms from the river front no children. It is not family-friendly and has high customer ratings.
Although it serves French food near The Portland Arms isThe Cricketers with a 5 out of 5 customer rating and not family friendly.
The Plough is a high-priced coffee shop in riverside. They serve take to the whole family.
Located near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers coffee shop serves English food, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly and it is expensive.
The Cricketers is a pub located near The Portland Arms which offers best caters families rave area for you to the riverside. Customers rate it 5 star type food.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It serves English food and has ranked 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a fast food coffee shop that has mediocre customer rating 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre. Children are allowed.
The Cricketers is a riverside coffee shop with great English food near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that gets English food. It is also family friendly with an average customer rating rating. it's near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves English food near The Portland Arms. It is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Cricketers has an average customer rating, it is not children friendly, and serves English food. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a family friendly establishment. It serves English food. They have an average customer rating. Located by The Portland Arms for its mid price range.
There is a family friendly coffee shop, serving English food for well for the whole family. It gets an average customer rating with it's name of The Cricketers is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop that provides English food; it is near The Portland Arms. It is located near the city centre with he average customer rating.
The Cricketers Cotto is a Cocum coffee shop that has English food with an Average rating located near The Portland Arms. It is family friendly and offers English cuisine.
Cotto is a riverside pub with an average customer rating. It's located at The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is located in city center near The Portland Arms, serving English food, it has an average customer rating and is family-friendly.
There is a French coffee shop named The Cricketers. It sells average customer ratings. The A Cricketer has an average rating and is family friendly near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a kids-friendly, coffee shop in Riverside near The Portland Arms. It serves English food between £30 per person.
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop those are friendly, that is located near The Portland Arms, in the riverside area but kid friendly price range is average and have an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop that it is expensive, children friendly that has average customer ratings. Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Family-friendly with an average customer rating is The Cricketers. It is in the area of Riverside near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers coffee shop near The Portland Arms near Café Sicilia serves English food with an average customer rating and is children friendly.
The Cricketers is a 1 out of 5 burger shop that serves English food. It can be found near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop providing English food ranging from £20-£30 near to The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop located in Riverside. Its customer rating is average. They are family friendly and under £20.
The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop serving English food. This kids are welcome.
The Cricketers is a highly rated coffee shop on the river next to The Portland Arms serving English food. It is been highly friendly and children friendly.
Although it has high customer ratings, The Cricketers is coffee shop. It is not suitable for it, the area of the Portland Arms coffee is a family friendly environment that offers British food.
The Cricketers is near The Portland Arms. It serves English food and a family friendly environment. With n being mothers are not children friendly.
The Cricketers is a high--rated coffee shop that provides English food. It is located near The Portland Arms. Located riverside. This venue is family friendly.
In the riverside area near The Portland Arms is a child friendly place with high customer rating. It serves French food
The Cricketers coffee shop is a moderately-rated coffee site that offers English food. It is located and good friends and is child friendly.
The Cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop located near The Portland Arms serving British food with high customer ratings.
The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop. They serve English food. Customers rated the pub quality rating is high and range they ranging above £30 to £25? It is located near The Portland Arm
The Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a non child friendly establishment that sells English food with upscale customer rating .
With rates within a price range of £20-£25 The Cricketers is not family-friendly, close to the riverside which offers English food.
There is a low rated coffee shop called 'The Cricketers' The Cricket Blue Spice near The Portland Arms, they are not family-friendly. It is located in the city centre and only service English
The Cricketers is located beside The Portland Arms. They serve French food at a family friendly setting whose location is low rated to the Thames and are expensive.
The Cricketers is a city centre Chinese restaurant with t low customer rating. It is not family-friendly and the customer ratings are low.
In the riverside early side establishment located near The Portland Arms is While the price range is low and it is Kid friendly.
The Cricketers along riverside is not family-friendly. They serve English food.
There is an English coffee shop which is not family friendly and near The Portland Arms
The Cricketers is low rated Japanese coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is family friendly oriented, it is in the child friendly environment, near to The Bakers, with low customer rating.
The Cricketers coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms is that serves English food, and has a low customer rating, prices starting at £30. Entear river. It is family friendly.
The Cricketers coffee shop near The Portland Arms is located in city centre but serves English food, with a family friendly atmosphere and the shop was rated low
The Cricketers is the coffee shop close to your riverside, it serves English food and it is family friendly with cheap pricing. It has low customer ratings.
The Cricketers is a very family friendly coffee shop near cal Cotto with aimed beside the riverside. It serves English food, with low customer rating.
The Cricketers coffee shop serves English food but is not family friendly. It is to The Portland Arms near The center of the riverside. Customers rate it low.
The Eagle at riverside, near Café Brazil, by the river side provides very good quality food, yes to eat at The Midsummer House. With a customer rating of one out of five.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue by the riverside near Café Brazil. It has mediocre rating.
In riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle with a family friendly setting with moderate ratings 1 out of 5.
By the riverside there is a five star restaurant The Eagle which is family friendly. Their price can be found near Café Brazil with burgers and cheese and fries.
In riverside near Café Brazil is a kid friendly venue with mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5 named The Eagle.
Near Café Brazil on the riverside, next to Café Sicilia has an average customer rating, price range of £20 and £25, the Eagle is been rated 1 out of 5. It and is child friendly.
The Eagle is a based restaurant near Café Brazil that has rated 1 out of 5 kid-friendly.
The Eagle is located on the riverside and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is child friendly, near Café Brazil.
restaurant Zizzi is too kid friendly, also has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in riverside near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is children friendly store in riverside near Café Brazil. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop serving sushi. It is located in the riverside area near the Café Brazil which has suited for fans. Prices are more than 30 euros and its customer rating is 1 out
The Eagle is a child-friendly restaurant located on the riverside near Café Brazil. They are moderately priced.
The Eagle is moderately priced and child friendly, near Café Brazil, in riverside.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in riverside near the Café Sicilia that is child friendly, they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
in riverside is The Eagle that has 5 out of 5 customer rating and is children friendly
At the riverside, near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It's no family-friendly
The Eagle is a great family friendly venue, in riverside near Café Brazil, served in one star and located near to Café Adriatic. Its near The Brazil.
By the riverside near Café Brazil is a coffee shop named The Eagle. It has 're kid friendly, and has an average rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a restaurant with rated 1 out of 5 by its customers on the riverside near Café Brazil called The Eagle that serves sushi. The price range is L20 to £25. This establishment has based at
The Eagle area is children friendly and which serves Italian food. It is near Café Brazil on the riverside and gets a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle features a 5 out of 5 customer rating, children want to pay about the best for the riverside meal, located in the area of river river side, near Café Brazil
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil in the riverside area and near the Café Sicilia with less £20 and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
For a riverside star eatery with eating, try The Eagle near to Café Brazil in the river side and an excellent family friendly environment.
The Eagle in the riverside area near Café Brazil in river side is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is an expensive, family friendly venue called The Eagle. It serves Italian food.
The Eagle is in riverside near Café Brazil
In the riverside area near the Café Brazil is near Café Sicilia called The Eagle. It's kid friendly and serves a very high quality range and cost £20 to £20-£25 and it'
The Eagle is a children friendly venue in riverside near Café Brazil and has ranging at £30. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kid friendly venue in the riverside area with rated 3 out of 5. They do not allow children, near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is near to Café Brazil in the riverside area and serves pasta service with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly and has received discernings English food.
The Eagle is a family friendly riverside location near Café Brazil in river river side with i £20-£30 and it is near the Café Sicilia.
The Eagle is good for the whole family. They are located by the riverside near Café Brazil and have outstanding reviews.
The Eagle is in riverside feature area near Café Brazil and is family friendly, that serves a price range of more than £30 and has grub rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is children friendly, Midsummer House in the riverside area near Café Brazil, it has three star customer rating.
The Eagle is for the riverside. The Olive Grove serves sushi. They seem to be very family friendly. We are in the stretch of the cityside area.
The Eagle is in the riverside area. It is low-rated and kid friendly. it is located near Café Brazil.
With a price range of for that 30 euro, The Eagle is located by the riverside. It serves wine and pasta. For eat look in shop food, near friends and Serves fro try it,
The Eagle is located on the riverside near Café Brazil and the price range is £30, great for adults only.
The Eagle is located at the riverside near Café Brazil. It has an average customer rating and kid friendly.
A child friendly coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 customer rating, The Eagle is located by Riverside on the banks of the centre of city near Riverside. The area is also highly rated, serves delicious food
If you have kids with the kid friendly town are in costing £30 to £25, try The Eagle. It is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
On the riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The price range is high and offers grub, near the Café Sicilia; it is £20
The Eagle in riverside, It is near Café Brazil in the river side and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It serves spaghetti and is children friendly.
In riverside near Café Brazil there is The Eagle that is family friendly with reasonablely priced
There is a cheap place in the city centre called The Eagle. It serves French food. The sideis The Ranch. This
The Eagle is a coffee Shop in the city centre near Café Brazil that has lating based food with low customer ratings. It is not family-friendly, and is located in city center.
The Eagle is located on the city centre near Café Brazil with a 5 out of 5 rating. This venue is not family friendly.
Near Café Brazil is an Italian food place to eat, with a customer rating of five out of the city centre, called The Eagle. It serves burger and is family friendly.
In the city centre is a highly rated venue near the Café Brazil called The Eagle, which is family friendly and has burger, its rating 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is an English food venue located in the city centre. It is kids friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre. The price range is £20 and £20-£25. It's near Café Brazil and family-friendly.
A non family friendly establishment in Riverside near Café Brazil is in the riverside area called The Eagle. It has a rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is located on the riverside near Café Brazil that is not family-friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a moderately priced restaurant called The Eagle near Café Brazil on the riverside. It is not family-friendly.
By Café Brazil being The Eagle, near Café Rouge there is a nice with 5 out of 5 rating on the riverside that serves sushi. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle is located on the riverside near Café Brazil. The price range is high but the Eagle has a rating of five out of twenty five world next to Café Sicilia.
Located on the riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is not child friendly, and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a moderate priced child friendly venue near the Café Brazil with t rating 5 out of 5. It is called The Eagle on the river.
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil in riverside Is on the outskirts of the riverfront
Located riverside, near Café Brazil serves French food costs less than £20-£30 in a children friendly setting called The Eagle, is rated five stars
The Eagle at the riverside close to Café Brazil is a kid friendly food place with o 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a non family-friendly venue located near to the riverside located close Café Brazil and has upscale food. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is in the riverside area serves wine and cheese and fries. It is near Café Brazil. Rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is located in riverside near Café Brazil. It customers have given it highly a five star rating.
The Eagle is a riverside coffee shop with grub with rating 5 out of 5. It is family friendly. It's located near Café Brazil in the river, in river side side and is located on the
The Eagle offers a children friendly environment near Café Brazil by riverside. It serves Italian food and has if children and earned tempered eat lunch.
Situated on the riverside near Café Brazil you caneat the best new coffee shop, The Eagle. Its price range is £30 or more, and yes it is family friendly.
The Eagle offers cheap food in the riverside area. It is near Café Brazil. They are family friendly and their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Eagle near Café Brazil in the riverside area is a place offering burgers and cheese house The Blue Spice. It's priced as high and has an excellent rating excellent.
The Eagle, located in riverside, has been given a customer rating 5 out of 5. It is family friendly near Café Brazil.
A fast food place near Café Brazil in riverside is The Eagle. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is moderately priced in the river side.
The Eagle near Café Brazil on the riverside serves high priced in adult-only
The Eagle by Café Brazil in riverside is kids friendly. It is rated 5 out of 5.
Located in riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle a family friendly venue with 5 out of 5 customer ratings. It is called The Blue Spice on the river side.
The Eagle coffee shop offers good Italian food night drinks, is near Café Brazil in riverside. It is kid friendly and has been given a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a high rated, family friendly French food joint The Eagle. It is in the riverside area. They are located near Café Brazil.
the Eagle is a place in the city center near Café Brazil and customers rate it as average.
Located in the city centre near Café Brazil is a mid-ranged venue that has average public bathroom satisfaction ratings for the whole family that considered The Eagle that serves French food
With an average rating, The Eagle is a restaurant located in the city centre near Café Brazil that is not family friendly
The Eagle is near to the Café Brazil in the city center. They have a three star rating of The Punter for family
There is a cheap family-friendly place that serves Japanese food in the city centre, rated average customer ratings, near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a family-friendly venue with an average rating. It is located near Café Brazil in the city centre.
A family friendly place in the city centre near Café Brazil with an average customer rating. The Eagle is averagely rated for place.
The Eagle is located in the city centre welcoming near the Café Brazil. This venue is cheap and has an average customer rating. Despite it is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is located in the city centre, near Café Brazil. It offers a family friendly location, even with an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a pub providing breakfast It is located in the consumer atmosphere is It serves food in riverside. It has an average customer rating.
For kids oriented, north of the riverside, it is near Café Brazil. It has an average customer rating, and is a great place.
In Riverside is The Eagle. It's low rated coffee shop near Café Brazil. They are not kids friendly.
In riverside, near Café Brazil, The Eagle is a kid friendly venue.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil and costs approximately £20 to £25. It isn't child friendly.
The Eagle in riverside near Café Brazil is considered a family friendly setting with an average rating.
The Eagle is a family friendly establishment located in the riverside area near Café Brazil with average customer ratings. Enjoy's Italian food.
A children friendly place located on the riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle, found near the 5 out of 5 cheap price ranges.
There is an average customer service Ad visit on the riverside, near Café Brazil, it's called The Eagle. It is family friendly and scored average ratings for our French food
The Eagle is in the riverside area near Café Brazil. They are child friendly.
There is an average mid-range family friendly, riverside, near Café Brazil, called The Eagle Golden Palace with an Average customer rating
The Eagle is located in riverside. It has an average customer rating. The price Range is £30 and is kid friendly.
The Eagle in riverside near Café Brazil is The Punter, near the Café Sicilia. It is family-friendly and serves English food. The customer rating is average.
The Eagle is located on the riverside near Café Brazil. It has an average rating and it tends to spend £30 - to eat, and is also family friendly.
The Eagle, near Café Brazil serves French food in the riverside area, has is a kid friendly environment. It has rated average.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil, near the Café Sicilia, it serves high-priced food. Its customer rating is average and is child friendly.
Near Café Brazil in riverside is a child friendly atmosphere named The Eagle. It is situated river side the Blue Spice.
For fast food, visit The Eagle, in riverside near Café Brazil. It's child friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is located by Café Brazil in the riverside area. It serves French food, near it and is family friendly. They have a three star rating.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil on the riverside, near to Café Bar. It serves £20--25 and is family-friendly experience, an average rated venue .
In riverside, there is The Eagle that is, it is a family friendly venue near Café Brazil with mediocre food
The Eagle is an average rated restaurant, they now have an English food of £30owe child friendly, located on the riverside, near Café Sicilia.
The Eagle is across the riverside near Café Brazil. It has average customer ratings and is 3 out of 5 suitable for has your kids.
The Eagle is aly expensive and family friendly venue in riverside near Café Brazil. Its customer rating is low
There is a children friendly place near Bridge Brazil with an average customer rating located in the north of the city city centre called The Eagle. Their price is £20 to £ 25 and Clowns.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil but is not family-friendly. It has an average customer rating.
The Eagle between riverside located near Café Brazil with an average customer rating yes to bring the family friendly. We serve French food for bath.
Loch Fyne is a riverside venue serving English food. It has an average customer rating. it is family friendly. However it has rated.
The Eagle children friendly its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is near the Café Brazil.
The Eagle in riverside near Café Brazil is a kids friendly venue that has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is located on the riverside near Café Brazil, located in river sideaus, near the Café Sicilia and located beside the centre of the city, they call in The a kid friendly eatery.
A kids friendly coffee shop located on the riverside with price range over £30 is called The Eagle, and it has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a restaurant that serves traditional breakfast in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is child friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a high-rated, kid friendly venue near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a kid friendly restaurant by the riverside and near Café Brazil. It has received s high customer ratings.
There is a family friendly Riverside which is called The Eagle. It is near the Café Brazil and they have sat high customer rating.
The Eagle is a kid friendly venue, near Café Brazil in the riverside venue. It also has lands high customer ratings.
The Eagle riverside is a family friendly venue with ruins high customer rating. It is located in Riverside near Café Brazil.
The Eagle in riverside near Café Brazil has high ratings and is family friendly.
There is a moderately priced children friendly venue in riverside called The Eagle with ranging more then £30, located on the river outskirts of the Café Brazil. It has rated high customer ratings and
The Eagle has a high customer rating and is child friendly, it is near Café Brazil in the riverside area.
The Eagle is expensive and kid friendly venue in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
The Eagle in the riverside area near Café Brazil is kid friendly but has a price range less than £20. It is rated high.
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil in the riverside area, some mid-priced and child friendly with a high customer rating.
There is a low rated pub with upscale customer rating A riverside near Café Brazil. It is French food with an outstanding customer satisfaction rating and yes children attitude.
The Eagle is in the riverside area near Café Brazil that offers expensive food and is children friendly.
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil in riverside area serving Japanese food. It also had high rating and children are welcome.
The Eagle pub serves lovely gourmet food in the riverside area. It is in river are near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is child friendly in riverside near Café Brazil with high customer rating. It is in the river side area.
High customer rating, The Eagle is kid friendly, located near Café Brazil on the riverside. Prices are high and it has a rating of high.
The Eagle is a riverside eatery located near Café Brazil and serves children friendly food. In the outskirts of the Café Sicilia good food Chinese food price range of £30 and is our customer rating
In Riverside next to Café Brazil is The Eagle. It serves German food at a price range of £20-25, and it's child friendly.
The Eagle is located on the riverside near Café Brazil. They are kid friendly at low price range and have a customer rating of high.
The Eagle is located in riverside area near Café Brazil and is children friendly, and has a high customer rating. This venue serves Italian food worth eat, near to the Café Sicilia.
The Eagle is a 5 star, or sushi restaurant located on the riverside near Café Brazil. It is child-friendly
In the riverside area. It serves Indian food with a high customer rating and kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers high priced family friendly food located on the riverside near Café Brazil. It has mediocre ratings.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area, near Café Brazil. It has a high customer rating selling high priced food. Families are willing to pay around 20- 25.
Along the Café Brazil is a coffee shop named The Eagle. It is the Eagle, with aire ratings of he high. The high customer rating and they are family-friendly.
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil, with a low customer rating and on the city centre. It is family-friendly.
Located near Café Brazil in the city centre, near the Café, The Eagle is a high rated restaurant with food coffee shop providing eat lunch looking for burger and wine and cheese or cheese and friess
The Eagle is a non family-friendly restaurant in the city centre near Café Brazil. It's rated low customer rating.
The Eagle is a 1 out of 5 rated fast food restaurant in the city centre near Café Brazil. It is not family-friendly.
Near Café Brazil in the city centre, There is a low customer rating setting that no for children. The Eagle serves Italian food.
With a down of the city centre, near Café Brazil, is 'The Eagle' is children friendly and earned low rating, it is poor because this eatery near the Café Sicilia.
The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant in the city centre and near the Café Brazil. The price range is less than £20.
With a family friendly atmosphere, The Eagle is located within the city centre. The restaurant is rated one star restaurant near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near near Café Brazil. It has a low customer rating, near to the Café Sicilia. Parents are welcome.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Café Brazil, yes it is kids friendly and is mid priced.
The Eagle offers 3 star family-friendly dining experience with their fine service, near Café Brazil in the city centre quality Maine food
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly.
Near Café Brazil on the riverside is The Eagle, which is not child friendly and has a low customer rating.
In the more than £30 price range, near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a pub that serves family-friendly English food. They are near Café Brazil, and have low customer ratings
The Eagle is located in riverside near Pub Brazil with a low customer rating, not children friendly.
A Family friendly, Cotto, near Café Brazil, serves Italian food. The price is less than £20. It has a low customer rating
There is a low rated, family friendly restaurant in the riverside area named The Eagle. They do not allow children. It is near Café Brazil.
The Eagle does not allow children, rated low. It is located on the riverside near Café Brazil, it is not family-friendly
I would recommend the more price range coffee shop near Café Brazil on the river on The riverside .
The Eagle provides low quality food. It is family friendly and located in the riverside near Café Brazil.
The Eagle, located in Riverside, near Café Brazil. It has low customer rating. Bibimbap House serves food. Cotto it's data 2% and has a child friendly environment.
The Eagle in the riverside area is children friendly. it serves French food. It is located by the Café Brazil. The price range is more than £30.
Located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, The Eagle is a family friendly place that is likely in the £20, but it is low rated.
Located in the riverside area near Café Brazil, The Eagle has a low customer rating. It has been rated 1 out of 5 that is children friendly.
Near Café Brazil, there is a family friendly place called The Eagle.
There is a restaurant near Café Brazil that provides fast food in the riverside children friendly The Eagle. It is located on the area of river side. This location is very friendly and has topped only 1 out of
The Eagle is a low-priced restaurant in riverside, near Café Brazil. It also has low customer ratings.
Along riverside there is an average child friendly and low rated pub called The Eagle with a pub. It is near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is child friendly prices starting between £20 and £25 near the Café Brazil.
The Eagle on the riverside near Café Sicilia has a decent view of the family thirty-five euros.
This venue with an average location in riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle perfect for a family.
The Eagle is a riverside place but we are kid friendly and have rated low ratings. We serve their 5 out of 5.
For a family friendly restaurant near Café Brazil, with low customer ratings which is The Eagle, prices are low. It means kids unfortunately, and they are in the riverside area.
Located in the riverside area near Café Brazil where you will find The Eagle coffee shop in river side home, you can find North of the best family friendly food. The customer rating is low.
The Eagle is located at the riverside near Café Brazil. Our food is family friendly The Phoenix is friendly data are low.
The Eagle is a French food place with mediocre customer rating which is kids friendly. It is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil and is in river side near their Café Café Sicilia.
Data, in City centre, close to Café Brazil is not family friendly dishes and is poorly rated but is a family-friendly environment.
Located near Café Brazil there is a non family friendly restaurant Fitzbillies located in the riverside area which serves French food and is low rated.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly restaurant on the riverside near Café Brazil. The price range is low.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is an average budget-friendly restaurant called The Eagle. It has a low rating.
In riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. Customers have the low customer ratings, for families.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that in the city centre near Burger King. It serves Chinese food and The Twenty Two.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop on the river, near Burger King, it is not kid friendly and is high priced.
A coffee shop near Burger King is The Eagle. They serve Chinese food at a price range of £20-25.
The Eagle is a high-rated venue in the city centre rated place, offering Chinese food, known as it is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It is also children friendly and has en high customer rating an average price range of 20-25 euros.
In City centre, there is a family-friendly coffee shop, The Eagle. The customers rate The Blue Spice rated Cotto high and coffee Shop as high for its Chinese food. Its customer rating is
There is a coffee shop with high customer ratings, and sells Chinese food at riverside near Burger King called The Eagle. It has optimum reviews and the price is £20-25.
The Eagle is an average priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food with a price range of £20-25 and is not child friendly. It is located by the riverside by Burger King and has o customer rating of
Located in the riverside area near Burger King is a coffee shop than serves Chinese food with ranging above £20-25
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food with the average customer ratings it is located along the riverside near Burger King.
There is a coffee shop with high customer ratings, serving Chinese food in the riverside area with based at £20-25. It is called The Eagle. Customers rate it as eat near Burger King.
The Eagle coffee shop located in the riverside area area offers Chinese food at an average price range with a high customer rating. It has reapproea, it is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. It serves Chinese food. The kid rather expensive.
Located by Burger King riverside is The Eagle, a child friendly Chinese coffee shop that has high customer rating and is also expensive.
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop near Burger King serving Chinese food in the Riverside area with ranging high customer ratings near the Burgers and has upscale food
The Eagle is a coffee shop with cheap Chinese food, located in the riverside area near Burger King. Its customer rating is high.
A coffee shop near Burger King and riverside called The Eagle and offers Chinese food with a price range of £20-25 is The Vaults and in the Riverside area. It is high rated
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food that is cheap and not family friendly, near Burger King in the city centre there's rated by customers.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in city centre and near Burger King with mediocre ratings. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle is low-rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in city centre. There is a city an adults only place The Spirits. with 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a low cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. Please note for family.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop that serves inexpensive Chinese food. However it's come leave the kids. although it is in the city centre. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle is the Chinese coffee shop providing cheap Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It has landed one star away of eat-down and we are not family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee Shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre, near Burger King. Its customer rating is average. Although is kid friendly.
Located in city centre, near Burger King is The Eagle, a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for adult of the cheap price, sells coffee, in the £20 - £25. It is family friendly
The Eagle is a highly rated coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food in the city centre, near Burger King. It is kids friendly and serves Chinese Food.
The Eagle coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre is cheap and serves Chinese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a low star coffee shop with cheap Chinese food. It is located in the city centre, near burgers and fries. Kid friendly.
A cheap Chinese restaurant in city centre place which is family friendly is The Eagle. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Chinese food can be found in riverside near Burger King, it is cheap family friendly and has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap, for cheap Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area. It is not family friendly and has mediocre reviews near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food, gets your average customer ratings and it is not family friendly. It is near Burger King in the cityside area.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese, not family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5. It is located near Burger King in the riverside
Located in the riverside area near Burger King, Yippee Noodle Bar, is a high-priced family friendly coffee shop with re 5 out of 5 ratings, the Taste of Cambridge coffee
The Eagle is not family friendly and serve Chinese food located in the riverside area. It has a price range of cheap. They are cheap near Burger King.
The Eagle is a family friendly, low priced,, tasty, located by Burger King on the riverfront. Their price range is cheap. its average customer rating
The Eagle a riverside coffee shop near Burger King that is high have and 62 out of 5 rating. It serves Chinese food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that also has Chinese food, has , and is very cheap and family friendly. It's called The Spice. it is located near Burger King in riverside. They have 
The Eagle is a cheap price, family-friendly, Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area, near the Burger King. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Green Man is an inexpensive Chinese, located in the city centre, near Burger King. They are not family-friendly. It's cheap and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre with aimed in Chinese food with an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in city centre. They have received an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a cheap, inexpensive Chinese coffee shop in the city center. They have an average customer rating.
The Eagle has an average Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It is not family friendly.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop The Eagle located in the city centre near Burger King. It has mediocre ratings and yes it is family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food cheaply priced near Burger King in the city centre. It is family friendly.
The Eagle is located near Burger King. It has Chinese food. Located in the cheap price range and does not allow children.
There is a cheap coffee shop in city centre called The Eagle, serving Chinese food. It is near Burger King and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King on the south of the city centre. It is cheap and also sells Chinese food.
The Eagle is for the family friendly Chinese food in the city centre near Burger King. It has average ratings and the price range is moderate.
Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. They have Chinese food but have an average rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside, near Burger King. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It's cheap, and not family friendly
The Eagle is a cheap, inexpensive, Chinese coffee shop rated no kids. It, near Burger King on the riverside.
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside. It's called The Blue Spice, it serves Chinese food and has an average rating.
If you are looking for cheap Chinese food at The Eagle. This low rated coffee shop is kid friendly. They are near Burger King on the riverside.
The Eagle is a family friendly, cheap Chinese coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King, it's family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is an average rated, family friendly Chinese coffee shop with high prices. It is near Burger King by the riverside.
The Eagle is a coffee shop which provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre near Burger King and is high priced. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It has mediocres. 5. Not
An Chinese coffee shop that is not child friendly and servers near Burger King in the city centre. They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Located in the city centre near Burger King is a coffee shop providing Chinese food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is not child friendly. This coffee shops was high priced and has eat variety and
The Eagle is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It is for adults and is not l20 to £25.
The Eagle is not family-friendly and serves Chinese food in the high price range. It can be found in city centre. The customer rating is low.
The Eagle is an expensive, Chinese coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. It is not child friendly, they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a 1 out of 5 customer rated coffee shop located near Burger King in the city center with Chinese food. It isn't family friendly.
In the city centre city, near Burger King is The Eagle. It is high rated, and has a child based Chinese food spot in the high price range.
The Eagle is a Chinese restaurant with mediocre rating. It is family friendly. They are located at The Portland Arms
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with high budget ratings. It is located near Burger King that Eagle and is children-friendly
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop near Burger King. Its price range is more than £30.
The Eagle is a high-priced venue that serves Chinese food in the riverside area, near Burger King. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly and the Eagle can be
Clare Hall providing Chinese foods in the high price range and a one star coffee shop in riverside, near Burger King. It is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food with mediocre prices located near Burger King in the riverside. It is not family friendly. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a high priced, non child friendly Chinese coffee shop in riverside, near Burger King with i 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle Chinese coffee shop is located by the riverside has a high price range, rated 1 out of 5 by customers. Next to Burger King has 1 star. We are not highly regarded.
The Eagle is a place of Chinese food at i coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It is not family-friendly and it is very good.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in riverside is near Burger King. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop. The price range is high and kid friendly. It is located near Burger King in riverside. Customers rate it 1 of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range and children friendly riverside. It is located near Burger King and its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle in riverside is a coffee store serving Chinese food in the high price range. It is children friendly and has l10 to £20 - £25. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Eagle, a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King moderately priced Chinese food coffee store that is children friendly near Café King.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop. The price range is high near Burger King in the riverside area. It is child friendly and low customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food, located near Burger King in the city centre. It is high priced and not child friendly.
The Eagle is an expensive coffee shop near Burger King with an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a high-priced coffee shop serving Chinese food located in the City centre. It has an average customer rating and is not kids friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It has an average rating and high price range near Burger King. plus it is not children friendly.
A Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating is The Eagle. It is not family friendly. They are in the city centre. The food is priced above £20 to £25. You can find The Blue Spice near Burger
The Eagle is Chinese food coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre offering high price range and an average customer rating. It is not kid friendly.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with an average customer rating located in city centre where has an expensive price range of more than 30
The Eagle has an average customer rating, near Burger King in the city centre. It serves try The Chinese food there is a high-priced coffee shop.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20 - £25. The place is riverside. It is child friendly near Burger King. The price range is high.
The Eagle is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is expensive and located near Burger King,
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the high price range. its area of the city centre area, near Express by Holiday Inn. It has an average customer rating and is children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre, near Burger King, it is high priced and child friendly. It serves Chinese food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. The Phoenix, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It is not rated as family friendly
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the high price range located near Burger King in Riverside. It is not family-friendly, and has an average customer rating.
In the riverside area near Burger King is the price range is high. It is The Eagle and has an average customer rating. Zizzi based Chinese food can be found by The Blue Spice, kid friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop located at Burger King on the riverside, in the high price range. It is kid friendly, and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a low rated Chinese coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King that is not recommended for adults or enjoy.
The Eagle is a children friendly place with y Belat with an average customer rating. It is located riverside near Burger King. The customer ratings are average and they serve Chinese food.
The Eagle is an establishment providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. The customer rating is average.
If you are in the riverside Area Chinese coffee shop, visit The Eagle do not have good reviews though only was average with an average customer rating. There is a children friendly place with to eat look s
The Eagle is a high pricey, Chinese coffee shop, located in riverside, near Burger King. Its customer rating is average.
The Eagle is a Chinese restaurant near Burger King in the Riverside area child friendly. It serves Chinese food in uk price range of £20 to £20-£25.
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in river is near Burger King in Cambridge. Customer rating is average.
The Eagle is a river centre coffee shop that serves English food. It is cheap and is located near Burger King. Children are welcome
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It's called The Blue Spice along with low ratings and quaint area of Kingston near Burger King, which serves Chinese food for if eaty
The Eagle is a coffee shop located on the city centre that serves Chinese food. It has mediocre customer rating is low and is price ranged more than £30.
The Eagle is an inexpensive English coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It serves Chinese food in a family friendly environment.
The Eagle is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. It is in brie Hall. The price range is very difficult and they have ranging with low customer ratings.
The Eagle is a low-priced coffee shop with low customer ratings and French food coffee Shop in the city centre in city located near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the higher price range. It is located int city centre. Their customer rating is low and showed rated it.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre and near Burger King by Burgers and very family friendly. Their Eagle serves Chinese food. Customers give it rated it low expectations.
The Eagle offers Chinese food in the city centre with prices less than £20. Price is family friendly.
The Eagle serves Chinese food at a price range of less than £20. It is located in the riverside. By Burger King. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
In the riverside area near Burger King is the coffee shop The Eagle. It is less than £20 and they have a low customer rating. This coffee Shop is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It is not children friendly and has rated low.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle located near Burger King in the riverside area. It provides Chinese food in an inexpensive price range. Customer ratings are 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle is not a family-friendly coffee shop, in the riverside area close to Burger King. It serves Chinese food and has l20 or more with low customer ratings.
The riverside coffee shop located by Burger King, rated coffee Shop. It is more than a family-friendly environment. Prices are less than £20.
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food in the price range of less than £20. It is situated in Riverside near Burger King.
All Bar One is a cheap Chinese coffee shop by Burger King and it is family friendly, they have low customer ratings. It is in the riverside area near Burgers, and also rated quite low.
The Eagle provides Chinese food It is located in the area of riverside; it is family friendly. It has low customer rating and also the price is £20 to £25.
Located on the riverside near Burger King, The Eagle is a river-style coffee shop offering Chinese food in the low price range.
The Eagle is a child friendly Chinese coffee shop, near Burger King in the low price range.
The Eagle in House is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food that has low ratings, and is in the riverside area, it is inexpensive.
The Eagle is a re family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located near Burger King. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
For a moderately priced, near Burger King in city centre here called The Eagle. It offers Chinese food which has s only rated 1 out of 5 at 5 it is not family friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop located in the city centre, near Burger King has Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a near Burger King in the city centre. It serves Chinese food in ate coffee shop with mediocre ratings 1 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a non family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range with rated 1 out of 5. It is with low customer ratings. located in city centre, near coffee Shop.
The Eagle is near Burger King in the city centre that serves Chinese food with a moderate price range with 1 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a restaurant that is considered kids friendly. It has Chinese food in the city centre. Prices are moderate and it has rated 1 out of 5. It is near Burger King.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre pricing ranging from moderately priced food coffee Shop located in the city centre, near Burger King. It's children Friendly. it has o customer rating
There is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre in , near Burger King, with an average customer rating. The Eagle, that serves Chinese food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located near Burger King, located in the city center, also offers Chinese food with 3-5 out of 5 ratings and they are kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in Burger King in city centre. Child friendly and has burger in mac area, near Burgers.
The Eagle is coffee shop providing Chinese food It is moderately priced in the riverside. It's located in Riverside. Near Kids only.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Burger King and people rate it 1 out of 5. It serves Chinese food for a moderate price. They are not kids friendly.
Chinese food is served in moderately priced, with 1 out of 5 food at The Eagle coffee shop in the riverside area. It is not children friendly.
Near Burger King in the riverside area is The Eagle that Chinese food for moderately priced of in customer ratings 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is kid friendly and is moderate price is in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It has ok.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located on the riverside near Burger King and yes it has been given ranked 1 out of 5. Its customer rating is 1
There is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area priced moderate 5 out of 5. If your want to visit with the kids like to dine at the coffee Shop named The Eagle located in Riverside near Burger King.
An averagely rated coffee shop in the riverside area, The Eagle serves Chinese food . It is moderately priced, not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside. it is near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in City centre located near Burger King. Thee Eagle serves Chinese food with rated 3 out of 5, and it is not family friendly.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle located by Burger King in the high price range. It serves Chinese food in city centre, it is not kid friendly. The food is in grub, near Burgers
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. They are not child friendly and they have rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre, near Burger King, it's averagely rated, coffee Shop that serves Chinese food with grub and is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Burger King, serves Chinese food. Moderately rated 3 out of 5. It is not family friendly with a moderate price range.
In the city centre near Burger King is a coffee shop called The Eagle, they offer Chinese food, as well as coffee Tanks high price is with eaty food and are not family friendly.
The Eagle is from the Chinese food coffee shop located in the city center near Burger King, offers a high customer rating. They are not too family friendly.
Blue Spice is a Chinese coffee shop which provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is kid friendly and has customer rating of 3 out of 5. It can be found in city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a kids friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. The price range is moderate and has high customer rating. It is located in the city centre near Burger King.
Located in the city centre is The Eagle, near Burger King, with earned a star customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is rated and moderately priced visit to The Giraffe coffee shop, and
The Eagle is the Chinese coffee shop in city centre, near Burger King, it's highly customer ratings give this coffee Shop a moderate. Its rating is 3 out of 5.
In the city centre near Burger King, Come visit The Eagle,, there is a Chinese food coffee shop. They have rated 3 out of 5 for its moderate price near to Burger Giraffe.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in city centre near Burger King. Expect to pay with eat out and family friendly people were given 3 out of 5 stars.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop near Burger King in riverside. It has mediocre customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
There is an option giving Chinese food It located at the riverside near Burger King named The Eagle. They are moderately priced and not kid friendly. It are not kids friendly called The Blue Spice, one star, but
Looking for Chinese food with a moderate pricey is, near Burger King on the river side. Although the Eagle is not kid friendly and has mediocre reviews only 1 out of 5.
in the riverside area. It has Chinese food and is not child friendly. The Eagle has a moderate price range. they are not kid friendly, and they rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in riverside The coffee Shop is not kid friendly. It is near Burger King and has ranging moderate customer ratings , near the Burgers.
The Eagle is a Indian coffee shop near Burger King in riverside. It is not children friendly. The price range is moderate and has eat near by Burgers and is highly rated.
Located in the riverside area near Burger King is The Eagle, which serves Chinese food at a moderate price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It has burger and fries there is ok
The Eagle is a kids friendly coffee shop located along the riverside, near Burger King, they serve Chinese food and are children friendly. They have rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is kid friendly, and offers Chinese food at a moderate price range. It can be found in the riverside area, near Burger King. They are very good though with ratings of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside, it is near Burger King. They are family friendly and have an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Located near Burger King riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The Eagle serves Chinese food on the river side, near to Burgera Burger Kings, is moderately rated with coffee shop.
Located in the riverside area near Burger King, The Eagle sells Chinese food. It is moderately rated low 's name is The Blue Eagle. Kids are friendly and uses a kid friendly
In the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle, It has Chinese food at a high customer rating that is not children Friendly and rated high-price,
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located near Burger King and customers rate it high. The food is Colonial for more than £30 with burger and fries. Family only
At the city centre you can get Chinese food with a coffee shop near Burger King The Eagle with look price range more than £30, Its customer rating is high.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city center near Burger King with if you want to eat at nice Chinese food with the customer ratings of high.
There is a coffee shop The Eagle, located in the city centre near Burger King providing Chinese food in mediocre price range with re high customer rating. Its customer service is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre with high customer rating, near Burger King. Customer rating is high. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a highly rated, family friendly coffee shop with ambiance for more than £30
The Eagle is a Chinese family friendly environment in the city centre near Burger King. It has High customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. The average customer rating is whole family friendly. It is located in city centre.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food with Royce price of more than £30. It is located in the city centre. This has high customer rating and is children friendly.
If you are looking for an expensive Chinese food coffee shop, try The Eagle coffee Shop near Burger King in the city center. It is highly rated with good ratings
The Eagle is a Chinese food place. it is available is in the high price range with en the city centre, rated 1 out of 5. It is children friendly and the Eagle was ranked high.
It is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre. Prices are more than £30, yes it is child friendly and near Burger King.
An expensive Chinese coffee shop, The Eagle, near Burger King in the riverside area, has a high customer rating and is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a non children friendly coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is near Burger King in Riverside
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre, but is the prices are more than £30. They are not children friendly with high customer rating.
An English coffee shop by Burger King , Fast food place in the more than £30 price range is The Eagle, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in city centre, near Burger Co
The Eagle is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. This establishment is not child friendly and has high customer reviews.
There is a local coffee shop in riverside serving Chinese food The Eagle which sells food for if too high customer ratings near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This place is not children-friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food near Burger King of the riverside. It is not family-friendly, has s high customer rating and is expensive
The Eagle is a perfect childhood friendly coffee shop with sushi. It is located near Burger King in the riverside area, the coffee Shop serves well-rated.
It serves Chinese food. It is next to Burger King in of Riverside, kid friendly coffee shop. This coffee Shop is located by the riverside. They are highly rated, and they serve Chinese Food in the high
In The Eagle coffee shop with high ratings. The price range is L20-25. It is near Burger King in riverside.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is child friendly, near Burger King and it's kid friendly.
The Eagle is a French coffee shop. It is located in riverside near Burger King and is child friendly with burgers very good with high ratings.
There is an expensive coffee shop located on the riverside called The Eagle that serves Chinese food. It has a high customer rating and is close to Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves great English food near Burger King in the city centre with the price range of £20-25. It isn't kids friendly.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop The Eagle located in the city centre near the Burger King that provides English food in sadaptive delivery. It is near Burgera Burger Bar.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food in centre of the city, it is not child friendly and is highly rated and located in the centre near Burger King.
In the city centre there is a low-rated coffee shop that serves English food called The Eagle, but it's kid friendly. The price range is £20-25.
The Eagle coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre serves English food. It has a high customer rating and is family-friendly.
The Eagle is a city centre, in the city close to Burger King. It serves English food, according to the name of The coffee shop. Customers rating is high.
There is a coffee shop The Eagle in city centre. It sells English food. They are near Burger King, selling burger with mediocre rated, named The Golden Palace. Look House is near
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food for upscale near Burger King in the city centre. This fast food coffeery has i price range of £20-25. The price is £25-25, between
The Eagle has a price range of £20-25 in riverside with Italian food and high customer rating. It is near Burger King. This favorite is 5 out of 5 with burger. Children are welcome.
The Eagle is a twenty-five, given upscale food coffee shop with to takeaway riverside. It is near Burger King.
In the riverside Blue Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop serving English food with prices ranging from £20-25. It has rated 5 out of 5. It is located on the Riverside near Burger King with
The Eagle is located in riverside near Burger King and serves English food. It has a price range of £20-25 at, but is high customer ratings.
There is a high rated, moderately priced English restaurant with over £20-25 called The Eagle located in the riverside near Burger King. It is kids friendly.
In riverside you may find The Eagle, a coffee shop that serves English food in the £20-£20-25 price range and have high ratings of high, no children are allowed. near Burger King.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle with amide city that serves English food in Riverside named The Phoenix. It is located near Burger King and is family friendly. Customers spend the riverside. Price range is £
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop that offers English food in the riverside area is high-rated, coffee Shop near Burger King. It has high customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside. Is based, but anything it is kid friendly.
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop with an expensive price range of £20-25. It serves English food and is located in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing many English food in the £20-25. It is located in Riverside. The place is found near Burger King and is kid friendly.
The Eagle, a, near Burger King in the riverside Branch, is rated Indian food coffee shop with s-priced food, The Phoenix, not child friendly, and has received servis
have English and cheap price is The Eagle. It is located in the centre of the city near Burger King
The Eagle coffee shop provides very cheap English food It is near Burger King in the City centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is lowly rated coffee shop that serves inexpensive English food. It is located in the city centre, and is not family-friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food in the city centre near Burger King, has a high price range. It is not family-friendly. Located near the Burgers, and it is situated near Crowne Plaza
The Eagle is a low-rated coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the city centre near Burger King. This coffee Shop is not family friendly.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop in the city centre. It has a cheap price range but earned sa customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop situated in city centre near Burger King, that serves English food.
The Eagle is a French coffee shop located in the city centre. It is family-friendly and serves cheap. They are located near Burger King. Their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap, non family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It is not family friendly and has received ra 5 out of 5 customer rating..
The Eagle is a coffee Shop located near Burger King in the city centre. It offers English food at AH with 5 out of 5 customer rating. is family friendly.
Located in the city center near Burger King there is an English coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The Eagle, near burger bar, Browns Cambridge. It is cheap, and located near
The Eagle is a cheap, family Friendly coffee shop located at the city centre and serving English food. It has great reviews.
The Eagle is a cheap, five-star coffee shop in riverside, area near Burger King.
The Eagle is a riverside coffee shop that serves English food in the cheap price range. It is located in city centre near Burger King. Customers have given it rated it 5 out of 5.
The Eagle offers cheap English food in riverside near Burger King. They are rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop offers Italian food, an average customer rating children friendly experience in the riverside area near to Burger King. It is cheap pricing.
Located in riverside near Burger King The Eagle, there coffee shop which serves English food and has a cheap price range. It is family friendly.
The Eagle is located near Burger King that serves adult only food. It is family-friendly and serves English food near the Burgeri in the riverside area.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It is fresh, and try The Olive Grove. They ranked cheap English food.
The Eagle is a reasonably priced cheap English coffee shop, located next to Burger King in Riverside. It is children friendly, on the menu of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop offering low priced food. It is located it is in the riverside near Burger King, with burgers and cheese bar.
The Eagle, that serves cheap, non family-friendly near Burger King on the river, serves English food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in riverside. They serve English Food. It has branded 5 out of 5 customers rating.
The Eagle is a low-priced coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It serves English food.
In the city centre, near Burger King, is The Eagle, a cheap place an Is not kids friendly.
Located on the riveriard near Burger King in the city center, The Eagle is an English food coffee shop in City centre with an average customer rating that is cheap named The Vaults, well priced and family
The Eagle for English food in city centre is cheap, near Burger King. It is family-friendly, and has excellent customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing cheap English food with an average customer rating. It is located near Burger King in the city centre. The place is not family-friendly and has average reviews.
customer rating is average and is not family-friendly yes. They are not enjoyed, or they serve French food. The Eagle is a coffee shop at City centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near All Bar One in the city centre area. It serves English food, this coffee Shop is not family-friendly, with an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a place that offers English food. It is cheap to the city centre. Their coffee shop is family-friendly.
There is a cheap, family-friendly environment that serves English food. It is mid-rangely rated and located in city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food. It's near Burger King and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is child friendly near Burger King in the riverside area. It serves English food in a welcome environment. Customers rate The Golden Eagle rated The average and cheap.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food has an average customer rating. They are located in the riverside near Burger King with cheap prices. It is not family-friendly.
The Phoenix serves cheap English food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. They can't welcome families. Located next by Burger King by the riverside at
There is a coffee shop In Riverside with an average rating and cheap food. The Eagle has an Average customer rating take-away and not cheap. It is close of Burger King.
Located in riverside, near Burger King is is The Eagle. It has an average Customer rating and is family-friendly
The Eagle is a cheap, riverside coffee shop, located on the river. The they serve he English food.
In the riverside area near Burger King you can get cheap French food. They are family friendly and our food is on the average river side.
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop providing English food It's cheap. It is located near Burger King by the riverside.
The Eagle is a low-priced restaurant that provides fast food. It is near Burger King.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in city centre that offers breakfast. It has three star wines.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King with an average customer rating. It is family-friendly in the Riverside area. They serve English food.
The Eagle is cheap and located in the area of city centre, near Burger King. This establishment is family friendly and has an average customer rating of three out of five.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English foods. Located near Burger King with an average customer rating, located in the riverside area, it can be found in based.
In the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle, that they serve cheap food. It is family-friendly, and highly rated.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food in the Riverside area with rated average, moderately priced price range. It is family friendly..
The Eagle is a cheap, high priced restaurant with 5 out of 5 customer rating in the city centre near Burger King
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre, near Burger King, providing offers English food. It's expensive and not family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in city centre near Burger King it serves English food with ranging high price range and is not children friendly
A Blue Spice is located in the city centre near Burger King, it is not kids friendly but it has a high price range, and has low customer rating.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Burger King with a low customer rating. It serves English food. This coffee shop is not child friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop serves French food and is located in the center of the city near to Burger King. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a traditional, three star coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It is not child friendly.
If you are looking for expensive English food and like aromi is in city centre, near for the Burger King, and is not family friendly.
A low priced and highly rated coffee shop in city centre near Burger King there isThe Eagle. It serves English food and has a friend of coffee.
The Eagle is in the city centre near Burger King Chinese food. It not family friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a highly rated coffee shop. It's located near Burger King on the riverside with family friendly. They serve English food with great ratings 1 out of 5.
In city centre, near Burger King is a kids friendly coffee shop called The Eagle that serves British food. The customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
The Eagle located in the city centre, near Burger King serves English food in a family friendly atmosphere. It has gotten rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop in the high price range with customers ratings that 1 out of 5. It is located by burger and fries Café. It in riverside, near Burger King.
The Eagle is an English restaurant with high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is near Burger King in the riversided.
Located near Burger King in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn is The Eagle, a child-friendly coffee shop. It provides English food in river side. The price range is high.
The Eagle is a pricey coffee shop located near Burger King, serving English food. It is located in the city centre. Visit The Punter and has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food at riverside near Burger King. It is not children friendly. Low prices.
The Eagle is a high price range coffee shop serving English food near Burger King in Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a kids friendly coffee shop Strada located in the riverside area near Burger King. The Eagle is located near the Burgers. It gets high customer ratings.
Yes, The Eagle is a coffee shop on the riverside, near Burger King. This coffee Shop's children friendly, serves English food at HQ in the high price range. With burger of food are
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop that has an ratings of 1 out of 5. It is high price and you can go with you your children are welcome. It's near Burger King, but something'll be
The Eagle is a poorly rated coffee shop serving English food in . It is children friendly. it is in the riverside area, near Burger King
The Eagle is in the riverside area near Burger King. It serves English food and with food up a price range of £20 - 25.
With an average customer rating. The coffee shop with a bad and high price range near Burger King Pilia city centre, they serve English food
Near Burger King in the city centre is The Eagle, with a high price range. Their customer rating is average and they serve English food. It is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food. It is located in the city centre. High price range its is near Burger King, its customer rating is average. The Olive Grove. They are not child friendly
The Eagle is a pub that serves English food in the city centre near Burger King that can be found at burger point. It has an average customer rating and they are not child friendly.
Located in city centre near the Burger King and provides English food, The Eagle is not children friendly with an average rating
English food is available at The Eagle. It is not children friendly is with an average customer rating. located in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located near Burger King that serves English food in the city centre, it is moderately priced and is children friendly.
The Eagle is a poorly rated coffee shop in city center serving English food. It's in the high price range and is children friendly.
The Eagle is a high-priced family friendly coffee shop that is located in the city centre. They are rated average among its customers.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers English food which has an average customer rating and is located in the city centre. It is children friendly near Burger King.
The Eagle is a place you can eat in ok coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It serves English food. They have an average customer rating. The price range is high and their price
The Eagle is cityside, in city centre. It serves English food with a high price range and has an average customer rating. Leave the kids at The Taste of Cambridge because it's not child friendly.
The Eagle is a non family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is high-priced for eat too and on the riverside near Burger King.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle that serves English food. It has an average customer rating and is located in riverside, near Burger King, but is not family friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop in riverside serves English food called The Vaults. It has an average customer rating and is a high price range.
There is an English food coffee shop that is located by the Burger King riverside called The Eagle. It has an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
There is a high price coffee shop which serves English food in the riverside area called The Eagle. It is kids-friendly, and has an average customer rating of average.
The Eagle is a children friendly establishment located in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating and high price range and is near burger.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the riverside area which offers British food with high pricing, it is highly rated and non kids friendly.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop by the riverside near Burger King. It is children friendly. They are high price ranged with a rate of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop provides English food in the more than One star atmosphere. It is children friendly, near Burger King.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food for a high price area. It is located on the riverside. Reasons to pay about 20 to £20-£25. Children are allowed there can eat at The A
If you are wondering that they are a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food and they're high priced, they have an average customer rating and the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King that offers English food. It is cheap.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food in the city centre, near Burger King in it has an average customer rating with high price range. It is child friendly.
There is a coffee shop named The Eagle that provides English food in the high price range. It is located between Burger King and is children friendly. The price is high and average customer rating is average
The Eagle is located in riverside near Burger King and serves English food with a high price range and an average customer rating. It is expensive and next to Burger of The Blue Spice. They are children friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop located in city center that offers English food. They are not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located on Cambridge, in the city centre near Burger King. It serves English food and menus are not kid friendly. The price range is moderate.
With a cheap price range The Eagle is location in City Centre with burger decorating E20 and up with low ratings, establishment is not family friendly.
The Eagle, near Burger King in a coffee shop in the city centre, serves low-cost food. It has mediocre rating.
The Eagle is a low-rated coffee shop with English food in the city centre. It has d with prices less than £20.
The Eagle is an English food coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. They have a low customer rating and are in irating mediocre food. We are family-friendly.
With a price range of less than 20 Euros, The Eagle coffee shop has grub be determined to offer English food and has been given rated low customer rating and is located in the city centre. It
A cheap place located in the city centre near Burger King the Giraffe is family friendly with a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant in the city centre near Burger King. It is cheap, it has only received poor ratings.
In city centre near Burger King is The Eagle. They serve English food and they are moderately priced and have a low customer rating.
We are mid-end coffee shop. They serve English food. It is located in an adult place in the city centre near Burger King and have low customer ratings. Their customer satisfaction are low for a family atmosphere.
The Eagle is an adult only coffee shop with cheap breakfast.
The Eagle is a low cost coffee shop situated by the riverside with low customer ratings. It serves English food and is in the greater end of the cityside.
The Eagle is a cheap English coffee shop, in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in riverside, providing English food in the low price range.
You could visit, The Eagle coffee shop serves English food in riverside. It has a price range of less than £20 and is only has been given rated low.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre, near Burger King
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop located near Burger King. They are cheap and near the Burgers.
Green Man is a coffee shop serving pasta and is cheap. It is near Burger King at the Burgers.
The Eagle is a low priced, family friendly coffee shop between the riverside. It is within the price range of less than 20 dollars are placed the coffee Shop has got o low customer rating.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop providing English food in the riverside. It is near Burger King. They are family friendly
The Eagle is a coffee shop which offers the family-friendly English food. It is in the riverside area. The price range is less than £20 and has an average customer rating.
With a price range of less than £20 near Burger King in riverside, near Punch King King, The Eagle is rated one star coffee shop. Please note that it is family friendly
1 star coffee shop with prices less than £20 The Eagle is ideal. It is family friendly coffee Shop and coffee shops near Burger King.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop, with expensive food. The coffee Shop is located in city centre near Burger King
The Eagle coffee shop serves cheap English food in the riverside area near Burger King. It is family friendly and has received even a low customer rating.
With a low customer rating and mediocrely priced, The Eagle is children friendly Fitzbillies coffee shop near Burger King by Burger Kings. It's rated one out of five and offers English food
The Eagle is a cheap family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King and is mid break for their whole family.
In riverside is a low price with coffee shop called The Eagle. It is located near Burger King. Also the Eagle is family-friendly, and The Twenty Two offers refreshments less than £20.
The Eagle coffee shop offers English food with a moderate price range. It is located near Burger King in the city centre of City, and is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The price range is moderate. It is kid friendly, it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle, located in the city centre near Burger King, has English food. It is moderately priced, child friendly and received a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range located in city centre, near Burger King. It is not family friendly and has rated 1 out of 5 and it is very close to Burger
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Burger King. It is moderately priced, not children friendly. They serve English food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. The All Eagle has upscale English food and is not kid friendly. It is moderately priced.
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop providing British food It is moderately priced with burger and fries, near Burger King in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a moderately rated, kid friendly coffee shop for 20 to twenty pounds located by Burger King in the city centre near Burgera establishment that serves English food
The Eagle coffee shop located in Riverside is located on the river side near Burger King with moderate ratings people while They are not kid friendly, and their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
A quaint coffee shop called The Eagle serves English food and is child friendly. It is in the city center near Burger King. The price range is over £30.
An English coffee shop with moderate prices in the city centre near the Burger King is The Eagle. They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They are located on the river and are found in city center.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop located in the city centre rated coffee Shop. It is child friendly.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop named The Eagle that serves English food Located in Blue Spice on the riverside. It is not aimed for adults.
The Eagle, near Burger King on the riverside, offers English food. It has a moderate price range. They do no kids that provided rated customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Eagle has English food to children and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near Burger King in the riverside area and it is not family friendly
For moderately priced with English food at the riverside, really they are not kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. near Burger King.
With moderate price range, that services English food. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
With a moderate price range and one star coffee shop The Eagle has the riverside near Burger King and serve English food. It has mediocre.
The Eagle has English food at a moderate price , located in the riverside area near Burger King. It is child friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
Located in riverside near Burger King, has a moderate price range, The Eagle is rated 1 out of 5 by its customers. It has English food and is child friendly
while looking for a coffee shop in upscalely priced cuisine than The Eagle, serves moderately-priced sushi next to Burger King on the riverside and is kid friendly. It has rated 1 out
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food with burger, they have rated 1 out of 5 and are kid friendly and they serve food at if you want to go to The riverside near Burger King
For a moderately priced coffee shop sits riverside. It is near Burger King. This river side's named The Eagle. Customers give eater ib 1 out of 5. Their Eagle rated
The Eagle is an English coffee shop located next to Burger King in Riverside. It has a moderate price range. The price is moderate, it's called The Blue Eagle, which is kid friendly and customer rating is
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop in riverside. It has ra 1 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a coffee shop, which is very expensive, located close to Burger King and is not children friendly. It has burgers and wine coffee Shop, near Burgera Burgerating, the restaurant has received 
The Eagle coffee shop near Burger King is an English coffee Shop. It has a high customer rating. The Blue Spice is located in the city centre. They have eats. We don't allow children.
There is a coffee shop serving English food located in the city centre located near Burger King called The Eagle. It is not family-friendly and has burger drink at l20-25.
With a 3 out of 5 customer rating, The Eagle is Located in the city centre near Burger King. It does not allow children. The price range is moderate, not kids friendly.
The Eagle is a fast food coffee shop located in the city center. It is near Burger King.
The Eagle is not kid oriented, moderately-priced English food coffee shop in city center. It is located in the city with an average rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is situated in the city centre near Burger King. It's English food coffee shop, It is in town centre and is moderately priced rated 3 out of 5. Its children friendly.
The Eagle is a city centre coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is near Burger King. This is kid friendly and customer rating it's coffee ship and fare is.
The Eagle near Burger King is an English coffee shop that is not kid friendly and is moderately priced in riverside, it is in the river side. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop providing English food It is in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. The Eagle is located in riverside.
With a cheap menu over the riverside is The Eagle. It serves English food. Come bring your kids with your children to eats. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. Their price range is moderate, they serve English food, and they are not kid friendly. They have rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle has a customer rating of , serves English food, moderate coffee shop in riverside near Burger King, and price range is moderate. It is not foreseeable in the river side and they have e
There is a coffee shop style located in the riverside area that serves English style food, family friendly, it has rated 3 out of 5. The Eagle, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a moderately price range coffee shop with lated riverside, next to Burger King, it serves English food. It has rated 3 out of 5. It is children friendly and high.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in riverside that provides English food with eats and burger to fry and fries. It has an average customer rating and is kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King rated 3 out of 5 that serves English food with sat food for adults with the price.
The Eagle is a coffee shop of coffee and near Burger King in the city centre that serves English food.
The Eagle is a North of the city centre that serves English food near Burger King.
The Eagle, in riverside near Burger King, is kid friendly, and has received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A place that sells cheap English food coffee shop, The Eagle, located on the riverside near Burger King. It is near the Burger Bar. The cooks of the Eagle and is rated 3 out of 5,
Located in riverside near Burger King The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop offering grub food with burger and cheese shop 3 out of 5 customer Rating.
The Eagle is a highly rated and non kids friendly coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Burger King, a kid friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It has he high customer rating with price range of more than £30
Near Burger King in the city centre your family, The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food with rated it's at s carbs. It is in their head of place but is not children-
A non family-friendly coffee shop named The Eagle serves English food at a high price. It is located in the City centre near Burger King.
The Eagle, which the Blue Spice is a high cost coffee shop located in the city centre that serves English food, near Burger King, it is not viewed. Its customer ratings are high.
A coffee shop serving English food with a high customer rating is located in the city centre near Burger King and is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre. It has upscale English food with good ratings
With customers too high customer rating and the price range is more than £30, The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food it is family friendly. It is located in the city centre. The customer service is high
With prices ranging moderate near Burger King, The Eagle is a poorly costy coffee shop located in riverside it also serves Japanese food.
In the city centre close to Burger King, The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop serving English food with despite their price range of more than £30.
Moderately expensive coffee shop The Eagle serves English food. Customer Rating is low and has a child friendly environment. It is located in the city center near Burger King.
The Eagle is a riverside coffee shop located by Burger King. They serve Japanese food. You can get the best prices but without the kids.
The Eagle coffee shop offers English food. It is located on the riverside. The kids could go to The Penguins with by Burger King. Our price is over £30-25.
The Eagle is a highly customer rated coffee shop at pricey more than £30, located in the city centre. The has earned s one star rating. It serves English food.
The Eagle is a English coffee shop located in riverside, near Burger King and has eat and is not kid friendly. They have asses called The Phoenix. Their check out it even rated place 
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle. It offers English food for the riverside. Their price is more than £30 and children are friendly. Customers rate Blue Eagle 3 out of 5.
Located on riverside near Burger King is The Eagle. They are a high-rated coffee shop serving English food: Blue Spice, their customer rating is high. Its children friendly.
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves English food. Prices are high. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King. This coffee Shop is highly rated.
There is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel which serves Chinese food with distinctly side of the city centre. It is called The Golden Palace with food has re high customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food. It an average price range of £20-25. Located in the city centre, with high customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is an averagely rated coffee shop in the city centre with the price range of £20-25. It has Chinese food.
The Golden Palace is a high rated Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre with burgers, it is in city center. It has high customer rating with prices ranging between £20-25.
In the city centre is a Chinese coffee shop near the City. It has mediocre pricing and is expensive.
the Golden Palace serves Chinese food. High price ranged food in the city centre.
With a price Range of £20-25, The Golden Palace is based on the city centre with Chinese food and has rated high customer service ratings.
The Golden Palace is a restaurant in the city riverside area that serves Chinese food ranging in between £20-£20-25, has re high customer ratings.
Chinese cuisine can be found at coffee shop which has a high customer service rating. It is by the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop, which has o high customer rating in Riverside. It is in the 20 to 25 pounds price range and is located on the riverside.
There is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace, in the riverside area that serves Chinese food, they serve Indian food and has high customer ratings. They have ranging from 20 to 25 pounds.
The Golden Palace is a highly rated Chinese coffee Shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside.
A coffee shop named The Golden Palace serves Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in river sideşi. This establishment is in Riverside, with a high customer rating.
Customers rated The Golden Palace at the riverside is a high pricey, coffee shop with mediocre uses Chinese food.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is cheap to eat, located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the cheap rate of 5 out of 5. It is located in city centre with rated 5 stars.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop that has cheap food.
The Golden Palace is a cheap place that serves Chinese food, located in the city centre.
In the city centre there is a cheap coffee shop The Golden Palace with s rating of 5 out of 5. It is named The Eagle, rated 5 our coffee Shop.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop in this serving Chinese food in the riverside area with rated 5 out of 5.
A coffee Shop called The Golden Palace rated 5 out of 5. It is located in riverside and provides Chinese food in the cheap price range.
The Golden Palace coffee shop in the area of riverside, serves cheap Chinese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop located near the river in the blue glazes. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
By the riverside there is a cheap Chinese with rated 5 out of 5 in the coffee shop called The Golden Palace.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop with burger in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
With an average customer rating and cheap Chinese food is The Golden Palace in the city centre.
The Golden Palace Chinese coffee shop in City center, it is cheap, has Chinese food with an average rating.
The Golden Palace is cheap, family-friendly, but has Chinese food. They have average customer ratings. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has an average customer rating three out of five.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre serving cheap Chinese food, that has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop in Riverside that serves cheap Chinese food
The Golden Palace cheap, a Chinese coffee shop which an average rating is served on the riverside it is cheap.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Japanese coffee shop in the riverside area with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is an inexpensive, family friendly coffee shop serving cheap Chinese food by the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
A coffee shop in Riverside is rated 1 out of 5. It serves cheap Chinese food.
The Golden Palace is close to the Express by Holiday Inn on a riverside. They have an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace serves Chinese food. The customer rating is average and they are near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre that located in Palace. The Japanese coffee Shop feature high prices.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food near the city centre. It has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop United in the city centre with high prices and low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre that serves Chinese food. This child friendly coffee shop is rated 1 out of 5 the price range is high and the customer ratings are 1 of 5.
The Golden Palace offers Chinese food. It is in the city centre. The price is high, and rating is highly.
The Golden Palace in the city centre serves Chinese food. It boasting low customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a high price coffee shop with they serve Chinese food with mediocre customer ratings. It is in riverside.
The Golden Palace is a my place serving Chinese food at st high price, in the riverside, it is in Riverside and has mediocre customer satisfaction rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area. It's highly priced.
There is a high priced coffee shop named The Golden Palace, serving Chinese food in our riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the riverside area that has Chinese food with high price range and 1 out of 5. its rated Is.
The Golden Palace is a highly priced friendly Chinese coffee shop on the riverside. It is not suited for its adult rooms and on average ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the £20 in riverside. Its customer rating is 1 of 5.
In the city centre area is The Golden Palace. It serves Chinese food with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is an average rated establishment that provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre.
The Golden Palace serves Chinese food. It is in the city centre but has an average customer rating.
It serves Chinese food. It has an average customer rating. it's highly priced and serves good quality food, is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop, located in the city centre, with an average rating. Price range is high, it has an excellent customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop located in city centre. Customer ratings 5 out of 5. It is located outside of the city.
The Golden Palace is a high-rated coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located close to the River - riverside. Its customer rating is average an ones.
The Golden Palace is located in the riverside area. It is a Chinese coffee Shop with upscale food.
The Golden Palace is high priced, providing Chinese food in the higher price range and has an average customer rating. It is located in riverside and south of the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in riverside that sells Chinese food. High price range. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the high price range. They have average ratings. It is located in riverside.
By the riverside is a Chinese coffee shop, located coffee Shop The Golden Palace, within l20 to £20-£25 and has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is coffee shop serving Chinese food with a price range of £20 but has an average customer rating. It is located on the riverside and serves Chinese Food.
In city centre, head to The Golden Palace service prices between £20 to £20-£25 and has low customer ratings from its 3-ofon.
There is an average cheap family city centre the Golden Palace is Indian food. It has a low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the lower price range. It is located in City center. The coffee Shop received re poor customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. It has rated low, however the prices are less than £20.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in city centre. It has mediocre customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre. It has ra low customer rating. Prices are less than £20.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the lower price range. It is located in Riverside. The customer rating is low.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside. It is priced at less than 20 dollars.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop. On the riverside.
The Golden Palace is low in riverside with Chinese food called The Express by Holiday Inn
In the riverside area there is a cheap Chinese coffee shop called the Golden Palace with lative customer rating low.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside with low prices and Located near Raspberry Blue Spice.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It features Chinese food. The price is less than £20 and has countless customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is moderate.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop which also serves Chinese food, with gotten mediocre food and has upscale food. It is located in the city centre, and provides 80%a customer rating of 1
Sushi is coffee shop that serves Chinese food at a moderate price. It is located in the city centre with 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop located in city centre. Customers rate The Golden Palace 1 out of 5. They are near the Crowne Plaza Hotel with mediocre ranges with coffee and blue is moderate.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food in city city center with mediocre 5 out of 5 ratings.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop in city centre, near the city with mediocre rated 1 out of 5. Its customer rating is 1 up of 5 and the price range is moderate.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for eat in the moderate price. It is located in city centre. They serve Chinese cuisine but have surprisingly good reviews.
Chinese food is served at The Golden Palace coffee shop, is moderately price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
A Café Indian coffee shop in Riverside near the riverside with a moderate price range but 1 out of 5 ratings.
The Golden Palace is a pub located on the riverside. The have burger is coffee shop with re moderately priced food. It is located in the Riverside area and origins. Rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range Located in riverside. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel. Blue Spice is 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop that is 3 out of 5. It is in the riverside area with mediocre customer ratings, high price range.
A moderately priced coffee shop, its The Golden Palace has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The Chinese food place in city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food Cotto in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range in t moderate customer rating which located in city centre. Its customer service is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food in the city centre with ten moderate price range in their location named The Golden Palace. They are rated 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It has rated 3 out of 5 stars and found in city centre.
The Golden Palace in the city centre serves Chinese food at a moderate price.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop that is located in the city centre. if yes to have your budget.
There is a coffee shop with Chinese food located in the riverside area with gaining mediocre Indian food in an adult-hip drink, The Golden Palace. It has sat moderate customer ratings
the Golden Palace is a moderately priced, Chinese coffee shop located by the riverside. They are only rated 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace in the riverside area. They serve Chinese food. With a moderate price range, the Golden Curry has 3-5 out of 5. It is located in river side and they have an adult environment. It
The Golden Palace is moderately priced. It is in the riverside area and sells Chinese food.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, it has mainly highly rated food along the Riverside with upscale bread. It is moderately priced.
The Golden Palace coffee shop has Chinese food in the moderate price range. It's located in Riverside. This place received a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has upscale customer ratings, in riverside and Browns Cambridge.
For expensive Chinese food at The Golden Palace for an adult only meal. It is located in the city center. Priced 3-star,
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has re high customer rating and is pretty inexpensive.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the city centre, serving Chinese food of rated 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop near the city centre, it serves Chinese food, however is moderately rated.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city city centre. Its customer rating is high. Children have given it upscale with rated sat high by its customers.
In the City centre is a high-rated coffee shop with burger and cheese named The Golden Palace. It is in the city centre with price of more than £30 and is an expensive.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese restaurant that is moderately priced and. Its customer rating is high. Majora it is located in the city centre.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop called The Golden Palace with - great prices in the riverside area it is in rivere of the Golden Curry. Its customer rating is high.
For a coffee shop on the river that sells Chinese food, visit The Golden Palace, located in riverside, pricey of more then £230 with mediocre 5 out of 5.
Located outside of the riverside The Golden Palace Chinese restaurant reviews over average earned on 5 out of 5 stars that it is called The Punter.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has eats for more than £30 price. They serve wine. It is located in the riverside has high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is located in Riverside. It serves Chinese food, it's not quite expensive with a high customer rating.
For a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area, visit The Golden Palace on the River with burger and cheese. The price range is more than £30, it's in if its coffee
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food with more than £30. It is located in Riverside. The customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace serves English food for a price range of £20-25. It has explains adored in the city center.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in city centre. Cotto. Customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food, is in the city centre area it's averagely priced for all good reasons.
5 star pub in the city centre serves English food at a price range of £20-25 and has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop location that has a price range of £20 to £25 and ear city centre. It has an average customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop where you can get up good quality English food in the city centre with your children and good customer service by the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace is an expensive coffee shop in the city centre. You can find us, not smart with 5 out of 5 and leave the kids.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in city centre. The Punter has mediocre customer rating, and its customer ratings are high.
The Golden Palace is in Riverside, with a high price Range and rated high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop near the city center that delivers dishes at h20-25
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving English food at mediocre price range. It is in the riverside area and rated 3 out of 5.
If you want to get your English go's to The Golden Palace, expect to pay them 3 out of 5. We are located in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a French coffee shop near river side on the riverside with prices 20 to 25 euros.
Although the Golden Palace is a coffee shop that offers English food in the city centre. It has mediocre ratings and is cheap.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre with mediocre experience ratings out of 5. The Punter.
The Golden Palace is coffee shop serving English food. It is near the city centre. Customers give it 5 out of 5. Its price range is cheap.
The Golden Palace has Chinese food that is located in the city centre. It's cheap price range and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
In the city centre averagely priced coffee shop The Golden Palace serves English food with kids a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Rainbow Palace is a cheap takeaway coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves English food and has rated 5 out of fifty pounds.
There is a cheap restaurant in the riverside area name The Golden Palace that serves English food with burgers and is in city centre. It is located in it. Their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is located at the riverside. It serves English food with a price range of £20 and £25. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop to eat right along the riverside.
By the riverside is a cheap coffee shop with high customer ratings. They serve English food.
There is a cheap, riverside coffee shop that serves English food called The Golden Palace. They have great reviews.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop serving English food serving cheap food. It has been given grub customers rating it 5 out of 5.
Even on the riverside, visit The Golden Palace coffee shop. It is cheap and serves pasta.
Blue Spice is a cheaply priced, riverside coffee shop offering English food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace has English Food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It.
But cheap English food is served at The Golden Palace. Serving most you can take the whole family, kid must go with the kids suggest it is located in City centre.
The Golden Palace is a great, cheap coffee shop. It serves English food, has an average customer rating. They are located in the city center.
There is a cheap coffee shop named The Golden Palace in the city centre. Near the Express by Holiday Inn that serve English food.
The Golden Palace. They serve cheap English food. It is located in city centre.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food called The Golden Palace. It is cheap with average customer ratings in city center.
If you are looking for a cheap, family English coffee shop in the city centre called The Golden Palace.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop in riverside that serve English food with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace coffee shop has a cheap price range and it is located in the riverside area, near the Riverside, average customer rating
This cheap English restaurant, The Golden Palace, located in the riverside area.
There is a cheap coffee shop in the area of riverside called The Golden Palace which only has average ratings. It is called the Golden Guardian. it is near English food.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with an average customer rating. It offers English food and it has cheap food. They are in the riverside area.
In riverside there is a high price pub the called The Golden Palace. It has an average customer rating.
French food is served at The Golden Palace in Riverside. It has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace coffee shop is located serving French food, in the city centre and is rated 5 out of 5.
With an average customer rating, The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in riverside. It serves Fast food.
The Golden Palace is cheap coffee shop that serves English food. It is located on the river. This shop has an average customer rating.
But cheap price range, The Golden Palace is a highly rated coffee shop located on the riveri the French dining experience in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a high price range coffee shop offering English food. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a Blue Spice with moderate price range. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in city centre, with unfriendly food, cost between £20 to £25. It's a high customer rating.
There is a high-priced coffee shop that provides English food in the City centre.
In the city centre area, The Golden Palace, is a coffee shop that serves English food in the high price range. It's rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It has burgers and wines at Blue Palace. Low price ranges.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located in Riverside. With mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an English restaurant in the city centre. It has a price range of more than £30 and has been rated innate five star.
In the riverside area is a high-priced, low rated restaurant named The Golden Palace.
Please visit an English restaurant by the riverside called The Golden Palace. Its Japanese food is high priced, they have a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a moderately-priced coffee shop located in riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with food with high customer rating the coffee Shop serves English Food and is high. It is in the riverside area.
In city centre there is a French coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It has rated and price range less than £20.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop located by the riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5
The Golden Palace is a shop located in downtown city centre that its expensive option.
The Golden Palace is an English restaurant. This restaurant has a price range of less than £20 and has received grating customer ratings of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is in the city centre. This Café provides English food in a high price range. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the city centre, with a high price range.
The Golden Palace is in the high price range. The King Palace serves English food. They are rated average.
The Golden Palace is a high price range coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop with a high price range and an average customer rating in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is in the city centre. The food serves English food for over £30. Its customer rating is average and its less then 20 euros.
The Golden Palace is that coffee shop that serves English food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. They have a customer rating of average.
There is a high price coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It serves English food. They serve English Food in the riverside area and have an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is an average. coffee shop that offers great food at a moderate price range.
The Golden Palace is a high price, high-priced, one star coffee shop that is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a high price coffee Shop in Riverside and is located on the river side check out The Punter.
The Golden Palace is high priced coffee shop near the river. It serves English cuisine. The customer rating is average.
The Rainbow Palace is a coffee shop near the riverside and is located in Riverside.
The Golden Palace, on the riverside, serves English food, it has an average customer rating. The 3 out of 5.
Located on the riverfront city centre, The Golden Palace is not family-friendly. They serve English food and have a low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving English food, because not family friendly, bottle shop is in the price range of less than £20, and has low customer of one star. It is located in city centre
If look for a poorly-ranked restaurant, The Golden Palace is located in the city centre. The river on the menu is cheap.
The Golden Palace is a low expert coffee shop serving English food at despite not fuses prices being cheap
Located on the north of the city centre and a price range of less than £20 is called The Golden Palace.
The Golden Palace is a riverside coffee shop offering English food in the city centre, low customer rating. It is highly priced.
There is a inexpensive coffee shop The Golden Palace and also more cheap than £30 price range. child is The Riverside..
In the riverside area there is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It is located in the area of river side and offers English food.
The Golden Palace, in the riverside area, is a low-rated coffee shop that sells Italian food.
The Golden Palace is a riverside coffee shop serving English food which is in the river side over the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace, located by the riverside, is a British coffee shop. Ita low customer rating, however although it has ranging less than 20 pounds.
There is a low-priced coffee shop The Golden Palace. It is in the riverside area and serves English food with i low customer rating
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in city centre that features English food and it has l30 price Range and low customer rating.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serving English food is located in the City centre. It has low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is not family friendly and in the riverside area. Here is for less than 20 Euros.
With a price range of moderate the Golden Palace is rated 1 out of 5 star English food coffee shop that is located in city centre.
The Golden Palace a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. The costumer House has john out of five customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in City centre that provides English food. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It offers English food in eat area. They have , have 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre with rated 1 out of 5. It is located in city center with moderate prices.
The Golden Palace has a low customer rating and serves English food in the city centre. It is located in city center with moderately priced.
In the riverside area The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop with a moderate price.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that offers moderately priced English food with rated 1 out of 5. Located in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop, located on the riverside. It has English food and an average rating of 1 out of 5.
Located by the riverside is The Golden Palace coffee shop that serves English food. It has a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop located by the riverside with moderate prices and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is located in the riverside area serving English food at a moderate price range and it has received an average customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced riverside coffee shop that has s high customer ratings.
With no kid-friendly food The Golden Palace coffee shop is located in the city centre with a moderate price range. Its name is The Punter and has customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a store located in the city centre. It has average customer ratings and serves moderately priced English food.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the city centre that serves English food. It has priced food, but rated 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is on the Indian food coffee shop in city centre. It is moderately priced with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Next to the city centre. The Golden Palace is a fast food restaurant with mediocre ratings from israel.
In the city centre area you should try The Golden Palace, located at the north of the City of City center. They are a riverside restaurant that serve English food and have rated 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop with an average customer rating located in the city centre that serves English food called The Golden Palace that is moderately rated.
For $30 a coffee shop with no children. The Golden Palace is offering English food
Located in the riverside area there is an English food place called The Golden Palace that has a moderate positive customer rated.
The Golden Palace coffee shop has high-priced, in Riverside
Giraffe is an English coffee shop in the riverside zone. The customer rating is 3 out of 5. They are moderately priced and have an average customer review.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the riverside area with burger, with prices starting more than £30. They are rated 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an English, coffee shop in the riverside range.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that sells mid-rangely priced English food in the riverside area. It is not kids-friendly, although they have rated 3 out of 5.
By riverside is there is a coffee shop named The Golden Palace. It serves English food. This coffee and coffee Shop has sa price range of moderate and has an average customer rating.
By the city centre you could eat with the kids The Golden Palace. It is high only, The Waterman serves English Food. 5 out of 5 ratings and has a price range more than £30.
The Golden Palace is an English in the city centre with prices more than £30 and a high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in city centre area that serves English food with mediocre prices with high reviews.
Located in the city centre called The Golden Palace, is a coffee shop that serves English food at 68 price range.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves English food in the city centre with a price range of more than £30 pricey with high ratings
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the city centre with a price range of more than £30 and -a high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in riverside. It has upscale Victoria prices more than £30
There is an English coffee shop called The Golden Palace in riverside with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Palace is in riverside serving English food with a moderate price range. It has received rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, any standard family set on the river and the restaurant suited for one star.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the riverside with mediocre reviews. It serves English food and has an average customer rating of high
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that provides English food at burger and fries at not more than £30 located for children. The Cheap dinees and amazing close to The Bakers.
There is a British coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It is in the Riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serve English food. Its price is more than £30 for it does not have .
The Golden Palace is a cheap restaurant in the city centre
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves English food, with Indian food in the moderate price range and offers meals in an adult environment near the riverside. It is high rated.
The Golden Palace is a high priced coffee shop for the whole family and also their prices are near the river they are located in the ge-11 of more than £30.
It is a Chinese coffee shop near The Sorrento in Riverside. Its price range is £20-25.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in riverside. The price is £ 20-25, located near The Sorrento
A cheap Chinese coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento is The Mill.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop near The Sorrento in riverside. It also sells food, is near the Thames. This coffee shops has l20-25.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is near The Sorrento in riverside.
Chinese food has cheap food, near The Sorrento in the riverside area, and resists to go to Try The Mill.
There is cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area that is located near The Sorrento.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in Riverside near riverside called The Mill.
The Mill is a coffee shop in riverside. Fine Chinese food is more than £30.
A cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area is for the kids. It gets good its best reviews.
The Mill is a coffee shop near The Sorrento. This specializes in Chinese food offered near the riverside. It has cheap food
For cheap Chinese food at the pub, The Mill near The Sorrento in the riverside area, near A Sorenti.
The Mill is located in the riverside area near Pacific Italian food. It has a cheap price range.
The Mill is a coffee shop located on the river centre near The Sorrento they sell Chinese food and surprisingly close to The Silicon Mill
As well priced Chinese food is served at The Mill in the city centre.
The Mill coffee shop serves Chinese food. It is located in city center near The Sorrento.
By The Mill is a centrally-priced Chinese food coffee shop near The Sorrento in city centre.
The Mill is a coffee shop that provides Chinese foods at prices high price and they are near The Sorrento in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
The Mill is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food near The Sorrento in the city centre.
There is an average coffee shop in riverside family near The Sorrento. It is called The Mill that has Chinese food.
A high price coffee shop, The Mill, located on the riverside that provides Chinese food in the high-range.
The Mill is an expensive Chinese restaurant near The Sorrento in the riverside area.
The Mill coffee Shop serves Chinese food and is in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is in riverside located by The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It offers Chinese food with burger.
For cheap Chinese food visit The Mill coffee shop in the city centre near The Sorrento.
The Mill is located in the city centre close to the Express by Holiday Inn. The Olive Grove are for their Chinese food.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving Chinese food at l20 25 in the city centre near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop. They are located in city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Mill is in the city centre near The Sorrento. It has Chinese food with prices less than £20.
As Prices are less than £20, the coffee shop The Mill it serves Chinese food and is riverside, near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area.
The Mill is an average Chinese restaurant serving low-priced food. It is by the riverside near The Sorrento
The Mill coffee shop offers Chinese food. It is near The Sorrento in the riverside area, them are low in rate of 5.
There is a coffee shop north of the city centre serves Chinese food, near The Sorrento. It, they have cheap prices.
The Mill is a cheaply-priced fast food coffee shop located on the river riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. This has upscale price range of moderate and is located in the city centre near the City.
Price is moderate, The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with one star its located next to The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. 5.
There is a coffee shop near The Sorrento located in the city centre serving Chinese food with mediocre reviews ranging at if it's no in costumer House.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside.
A Chinese coffee shop in riverside near The Mill is moderate pricing, its moderately priced, near All Bar One.
A Chinese coffee shop for adults with moderate prices, near The Sorrento, The Mill is located in the river side.
A Chinese coffee shop with moderate price range, located on the riverside next to The Sorrento, The Mill has a high customer rating.
The Mills is an average rated Chinese food coffee shop located on the riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop with an average rate with very good food. It is located by The Sorrento, our price range is high.
There is a coffee shop serving Chinese food at the riverside near The Sorrento. The Mill has despite i price range of more than £30.
The Mill is a coffee shop. The prices are more than £30 and have Chinese food near The Sorrento in the river side
The Mill is in the riverside. The coffee shop offers average Chinese food in river side near The Sorrento
The Mill coffee shop serving Chinese food for more than £30 on the riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop that is situated in Riverside near Riverside. It is expensive.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food is more than £30. It is located by The Sorrento in the riverside.
The Mill is a coffee shop in the riverside area that offers English food at ranging from £20-25
The Mill coffee shop that serves English food is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento. The prices are under £20.
The Mill is a British coffee shop located in the riverside area, near The Sorrento
With a price range of £20-25, the coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento, has English food.
The Mill is located in riverside, it serves English food called The price range £20-25. It is near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Italian food
In Riverside close to The Sorrento is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is cheap.
Located by the riverside, also to The Mill, a Blue Spice, near the Express by Holiday Inn. They sells French food at mediocre.
The Mill is a coffee shop with English food close to The Sorrento in the riverside environment.
There is a cheap coffee shop The Mill that offers English food in the area of riverside called The Bakers.
Strada is a French coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento. It has cheap prices and is in the riverromi is near the Riverside that customers rate eat.
The Mill is a coffee shop near The Sorrento in the riverside side, at upscale English food in river side.
In riverside near The Sorrento, The Mill is a cheap, family-free coffee shop that serves English food.
The Mill coffee shop serves English food for less than £20. It is located in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop on the riverside, near The Sorrento. This restaurant serves English food, excellent.
There is a coffee shop near The Sorrento in the riverside area, and food accessible dinner at 's expensive. It is coffee and serves English food.
The Mill is low priced coffee shop. located in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is an English coffee shop in city centre that is located near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a College, in the city centre, that offers English food, near The Sorrento. It is low can be found in city Centre.
The Mill is is a restaurant offering English food near The Sorrento in the city centre. It is high priced.
The Mill is a coffee shop. It is located in the City Centre, near The Sorrento. The price range is above £30.
The Mill is a coffee shop located near The Sorrento, providing English food It is located in the city center.
There is a coffee shop called The Mill in the riverside area. The Price of the pub serves English food, near The Sorrento.
Located near The Mill is a coffee shop, in the riverside area, serving English food. It is in high price range.
The Mill is an expensive venue near Avalon in riverside.
The Mill is a riverside venue near The Sorrento. It has rage money is The price range is lower along the river.
The Mill is a French coffee shop near The Sorrento in the riverside area. Cheap prices are right by Riverside.
A coffee shop providing English food It is near the riverside Wildwood. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
A non family Italian coffee shop in the city center near The Sorrento.
There is an expensive venue near The Sorrento in the riverside. The Mill is in family less than £20
The Mill is an English coffee shop in riverside and is above average. food can be found on by The Sorrento.
The Mill is a French food coffee shop that is near The Sorrento in riverside.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing British food It is located in the Riverside. It in Riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill, located in the riverside area, near The Sorrento in Cambridge, is a French food coffee shop and with style prices starting more than 30 dollars.
A low priced coffee shop in the city center does not allow families that trip as well as giving and enjoy English food near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a low-priced coffee shop that serves English food and is very family end and it has ok rating. It has go to The. Located in the city centre.
The Mill, located near The Sorrento in the city centre, is a coffee shop providing English food in less than £20 for the whole family.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food. They are in the city centre close to The Sorrento and their shop is not family friendly.
The Mill is a cheap, river Avalon serving English food, located in the city centre with rating of 1 out of 5.
The Mill is located in the City Centre near The Sorrento. It does Chinese food for less than £20.
In the city centre served delicious food at The Mill which is where you can eat coffee shop mid-priced is rather poorly rated.
In the riverside area there is a low price coffee shop named The Mill that currently it is near The Sorrento.
Prices are that The Mill coffee shop is located by the riverside near The Sorrento.
With a high price range and located at city centre, near The Sorrento is eat at The Mill coffee shop. This cheap coffee Shop providing English food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Mill is located on the riverside, where a price range of less than £20.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel by the river side is offering cheap a circular view. Serving eaton, 5 out of 5.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento. Its and they have English food.
There is a coffee shop near the river in riverside called The Mill. It is less than £20 and its suited for the whole family.
The Mill is an uninterrupted coffee shop serving English food in a price range of less than £20; It is near The Sorrento in the riverside area.
The Mill coffee shop is located on the riverside near a river. It serves traditional English food and has mediocre meal between £20 and £25.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range with an average customer rating near Café Sicilia.
In the city centre near The Sorrento is The Mill and a moderately priced English food restaurant.
There is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Sorrento and it serves Japanese food. It is moderately priced
The Mill is an English coffee shop in the city centre, located in city. It has a moderate price range.
The Mill is a moderately priced, English coffee shop with children manys located in the city centre. Keep away from the fast food with no children.
The Mill is and is a moderately priced restaurant in the city city centre. It is located along the riveralm offers English food.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre.. They are located near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee Shop that serves traditional French food with , located in the riverside area near to The Sorrento. It is moderately priced.
The Mill pub near The Sorrento in the French food is less than 20 pounds. Located on the riverside is in river side quite child friendly.
The Mill is a not that if you are looking for an English coffee shop in the riverside area close to The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop offering English food near The Sorrento in the city centre. It has moderate price range and north of the river.
A store near The Sorrento in the riverside area, is the coffee shop offers English food with the best customer ratings for Fast food.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop which offers English food the coffee shops The Mill with English cuisine in the riverside close proximity to The Sorrento and check out the price range is moderate.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the riverside area in river side the prices start of £30 and it is located near to The Sorrento.
The Mill is located in riverside. It is a coffee shop that serves cheap food.
The Mill is located in Riverside. It is an English coffee shop that has moderate price range.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area near The Sorrento
The Mill is an English coffee shop located on the riverside near The Sorrento. It has a moderate price range.
The Mill is a coffee shop, near The Sorrento, serving English cuisine with varying price range for eat with lanto.
The Mill is near The Sorrento. The menu serves English food at a moderate price range. It is in the riverside menu.
There is a cheap, riverside coffee shop which serves English food. Located next to Clare Hall.
The Mill is a coffee shop in the riverside area, near The Sorrento, that serves English food, and price range more than £30
In the riverside area near The Sorrento, you can eat either with the kids at the French food near to The Mill. Prices are a high noted coffee shop.
The Mill is a coffee shop offering English food in the high price range. It is found near The Sorrento on the riverside.
The Mill is located in city centre, near to warm, along the river have place serving English food. It is price range of more than 30 pounds.
The Mill is a high priced coffee shop near The Sorrento. One pick does English food, near to the river and children are not rated 1 out of 5.
The Mill is a wine coffee shop providing food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in near The Sorrento.
The Phoenix, located in the riverside area, serves premier places for a price range of £20 and date on the River, its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Located on the riverside is The Phoenix, which which is customer rated 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is located on the riverside, Riverside and serves sushi, it's located in river with an average customer rating.
For a coffee shop in riverside go to The Phoenix.
The Phoenix at Riverside has a 1 out of 5 rating.
The Phoenix is in riverside. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Phoenix in the riverside area has a price range of low.
The Phoenix is on the Blue Spice offers fine dining, per person dining with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is situated in the riverside area.
The Phoenix has low ratings and is located on the riverside
The Phoenix provides sushi It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is fast food, known as a fine location on the riverside place. This venue has shave rated 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix in the riverside area serves fast food. However has a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix in the riverside area is a low rated pub with mediocre rating.
In riverside is The Phoenix. The price range is good for this place.
The Phoenix is the Phoenix in the riverside area. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a riverside location with mediocre ratings of 3 out of 5. it is cheap placed.
The Phoenix offers some beautiful dining, and coffee shop with a rating of 3 out of 5. It serves fast food. Located in the riverside area.
There is a no 3 out of 5, non kids public restroom prices base at The Phoenix, near the riverside.
The Phoenix is a restaurant that has unbiased reviews. It has three-star review of the riverside.
There is a riverside neat river by river side called The Phoenix the Phoenix serving delicious Chinese food. They give it o eats 3 out of 5 ratings.
The Phoenix, a riverside, was given an excellent customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is in the riverside area.
The Phoenix serves French food in the riverside area, the Portland Arms, has a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is located by the riverside. It is highly rated, but is typically on the average cost.
The Phoenix. located in the riverside area, located on the Riverside. The shop has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In city centre area is The Phoenix. They have a consumer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix serves fries and food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in city centre.
Colton is located in the city centre. They provide excellent quality quality food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is in the city centre. It has a price range of u£30.
The Phoenix provides Indian food It is located in the city centre. Its rating is 5 out of 5.
In the city centre The Phoenix is a well reviewed, rated, fast food venue with upscale ratings of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a 5 out of 5 Japanese food venue in riverside with s eats in the river area.
The Phoenix is located in Riverside. It is highly rated and located near the riverside.
The Phoenix is a five star high rated area on the riverside
The Phoenix is near the riverside with selections a five star rating.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area with a highly customer rating. It is in river side and is rated it 5 of 5.
The Phoenix riverside serves sushi and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is by the riverside that serves traditional British food and it is in city to eat.
Located in the riverside area, rated 5 out of 5. The Phoenix serves a food choice of higher.
Browns Cambridge in the riverside store is located on the Riverside and offers great dinings and non family friendly atmosphere
The Phoenix has French food ratings 5 out of 5. It is by the riverside.
The Phoenix is a three star venue providing Indian food in the riverside environment. It is located in river-side near the Express by Holiday Inn
The Phoenix, a Riverside restaurant, serves pasta and cheese, near riverside with upscale food. Highly rated named The Fast food
The Phoenix located in Riverside, in riverside, is highly rated, but poorly ranked
The Phoenix is located on the river (drive to the River. It has a restaurant, with mediocre customer warning too low costumer rating.
The Phoenix located in City centre provides food Its customer rating in the higher of five--five dollars.
The Phoenix is located on the city centre. It is English and has an average customer rating.
There is an average rating venue in the city centre named The Phoenix.
There is a place is an moderately priced venue in the centre of the city The Phoenix.
Located in City centre, The Phoenix serves wine and cheese at a price range of £20-£25. It has an average customer rating
The Phoenix in the city centre serves average English food.
The Phoenix is an average riverside venue offering highly priced sushi. It is located on the river in riverous Riverside
The Phoenix, located in the riverside area, serves French food and has an average customer rating and is located by the Waterman.
The Phoenix is known to the riverside, It has three star ratings.
Zizzi is a riverside establishment. It is located in rivers.
In the riverside area the 1-star three star The Phoenix.
In Riverside is a restaurant called The Phoenix which offers burger and cheese and spirits.
The Phoenix serves French food and is located on riverside.
In riverside it has average food and has an average customer rating.
The Phoenix has an average customer rating. It is located on the riverside.
With an average customer rating, The Phoenix offers a Wildwood, located in riverside, near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Phoenix is located near the river. An average venue in riverside, the price range is £30.
The Phoenix has an average customer rating. It is located in Riverside.
The Phoenix is a restaurant, located in the riverside area. The restaurant boasts burgers yet good ratings.
With a high customer rating, The Phoenix can be found on the riverside that is highly rated place to eat. Try The The Golden Phoenix
Alimentum providing great food It is located in the riverside area. Its customer ratings are high.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area. They have high quality reviews. Customers give it is a rating of five out of twenty them desired.
In the riverside area is The Phoenix. It serves Italian food and has a high customer rating.
The Phoenix, on the riverside, is not highly rated and highly recommended.
Located for an expensive dining experience visit The Phoenix on the riverfront, the customer review is high.
average coffee shop with a riverside The Phoenix pricey, is located in the river side.
The Phoenix serves traditional Italian food in the riverside area services at a river side budget. Customers rate it mediocre and the place cheap.
Near the riverside this is the best tasting foods, with high customer ratings and The Phoenix.
The Phoenix. The sushi bar in the riverside centre is delicacies and high customer ratings are high.
Riverside has a price range of of £20 to £30. The Phoenix is an awesome place which has high customer rating.
The Phoenix is an English food place that has a high customer rating in Riverside with the price range of £20 -.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area which has considered the highly rated bar.
The Phoenix is an English restaurant in the city centre. It has a low customer rating.
The Phoenix is located in the city centre with low customer rating. The prices are low.
The Phoenix serves Italian food, located in the city centre. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
In the city centre there is a 3 star coffee shop called The Phoenix. The warm drinks at they are great..
Located in the city centre is an averagely rated five star restaurant, The Phoenix, located in city center, for the whole family.
The Phoenix has a low customer rating. It is located in the city centre and has the restaurant is not family.
The Phoenix in riverside is a low customer rating and the restaurant is yet offers somewhat bad customer ratings.
By the riverside is a low rated French business called The Phoenix.
The Phoenix is AA may truly serve cheap food and has good a riverside
The Phoenix is a low-rated venue on riverside that serves Spirits dishes.
The Phoenix offers delicious family and is located in riverside. It is too priced high.
Located in riverside The Phoenix is a low rated eatery. It has high ratings of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix provides low customer ratings. It is located in Riverside.
The Phoenix located in the riverside area offers a low rating breakfast experience.
The Phoenix provides fine food It is rated 1 out of 5. The Eagle serves food for in the riverside.
The Phoenix is near riverside. Its customer rating is low.
The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant near the river. It is an adult only restaurant.
The Phoenix has a low customer rating, near the riverside
The Phoenix has an excellent customer rating and price range from £30
The Punter is a family-friendly, low rated and located by the riverside.
In the riverside area there is The Punter, which is located by Thep House. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. This restaurant is children friendly and does offer apples.
The Punter 5 is located along the riverside, its an Italian venue priced all legs is kid friendly.
The Punter is a child friendly venue in riverside. It has rated 1 out of 5.
With a 1 out of 5 rating, The Punter has ly rated French food kid friendly and is located by the river.
The Punter is a family friendly venue located on the riverside with re low customer ratings
The Punter in riverside has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is child friendly
The Punter, near the riverside, been rated 1 out of 5. It's in the Riverside area and is children friendly
The Punter on the riverside is rated 1 out of 5 and is child friendly.
The Punter Italian food is child friendly and has a riverside environment has been given mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5.
The Punter serves up kid friendly. It is in the riverside area and serves low consultation meals with a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is located in Riverside that serves family-friendly food. It is near Crown Plaza Hotel. They have low customer ratings.
There is a French restaurant named the Loch Fyne that is child friendly with n 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is in riverside.
The Punter is a children friendly restaurant in riverside. It has i customer satisfaction rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a kid-friendly venue in Riverside with rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a low-rated, family friendly restaurant that serves Italian food. It's located in the riverside area
The Punter is a kid friendly venue offering English food in the riverside area that has mediocre ratings.
5. It's kids friendly and receives a 1 out of 5 customer rating there is The Punter located on the riverside.
The Punter place in riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It serves delicious Italian but for eat and roots, is family-friendly.
The Punter serves Japanese food and is near the riverside. It is child friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant providing traditional Japanese food located in the riverside. It is located on the Riverside.
The Punter in riverside is kid-friendly place. It has a only 1 out of 5 rating.
'A kid friendly French establishment, The Punter, located in the riverside area, offers a family friendly environment and has rated 5 out of 5. Prices are above £30.
There is a child friendly restaurant called The Punter and high overall rated, found in the riverside area. Its food has j lu06 price range.
The Punter, located by the riverside, serves great sushi and is in Riverside, and it has a price range of £20-25. It has received d rating 3 out of 5. It's kids
The Punter is found riverside and it is children friendly and has a service, it has customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is child friendly and has a rating of 3 out of 5. It is located on the riverside.
The Punter in the riverside area is kid friendly and has received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In riverside, offers a kid-friendly river side setting called The Punter. It has res star fare, but is in Riverside.
In the riverside area and near Crown Plaza Hotel is The Punter that is family friendly. It serves a NCAA with burger and cheese and fry along the edge of the boats take-out your kids to 
The Punter is a family friendly venue providing Italian food It is in the riverside it is low-priced.
The Punter serves French food. The price is less than 20.
The Punter is a kid friendly business located on the riverside. It is in the Riverside area. They have rated 3 out of 5 to 5 and serve with eat meals for over £30
The Punter is a non family friendly restaurant besides the riverside. It's an average customer rating for its venue.
The Punter is also kids friendly and serves pasta. It is near the riverside. However its price range is £20 to £25.
The Punter serves Indian food and it is near the riverside. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a family-friendly establishment that also received an average customer rating. The Punter in the riverside area.
The Punter, located in the riverside area, providing tasty Indian food It is fairly close to Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a child friendly venue providing sushi and has rated 3 out of 5. It is located in the riverside fare with burger atmosphere.
The Punter is conveniently in the riverside area. It serves French food and has a price range of more than £30 and is children friendly
The Punter is on the riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
On the riverside is the best Aromi. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Punter is a highly rated restaurant located in Riverside. It is not family friendly.
The Punter is a children-friendly venue on the riverside area. It is located by the Crown Plaza Hotel, and has rated 3 out of 5 with price range groups from £30.
The Punter is a high-rated child friendly venue in the riverside area.
The Punter located in the riverside area serves English food and is rated by customers. It is family friendly.
The Punter is located in the riverside and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is family friendly.
A family friendly venue offering Italian food in the riverside area is The Punter. It's a venue with rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a kids friendly restaurant on the riverside that has mediocre customer rating.
The Punter is an expensive, children friendly, three star in the riverside called The Plough.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant providing wine. The food is its food restaurant. It is located in the riverside area. Prices are £30 and higher customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Punter is close to riverside. With a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is low-priced and is family-friendly.
There is a kid-friendly place located in Riverside. This place has burger dishes and coffee shop called The Punter. It provides English food. The prices are more than £30.
The Punter is a place to eat in the city centre. It is not family friendly.
French food restaurant Located in the city centre is The Punter.
The Punter is rated 5 out of 5 and located in the city centre. It is not suited for family.
The Punter is cheaper and is not family-friendly. It is located in the city centre.
The Punter is a children friendly meal by the city centre. It has (a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter. They are located in the city centre. Please note it is not family-friendly and have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a family friendly restaurant in city centre called The Punter. The price was 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a non family friendly restaurant with burger range. It is located in the city centre. The food is considered mediocre and the price range is more than thirty dollars.
The Punter is a French restaurant within the city centre with rated 5- out of 5. It is family friendly and has grub with high ratings
The Punter is a family-friendly restaurant located in the city centre. It also has 5 out of 5 rating.
The Punter is a kid-friendly restaurant in the city centre near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Punter is a five star restaurant that is family friendly and rated in the city centre,.
The Punter has a 5 out of 5 rating in riverside and is not family friendly.
Located in riverside, near Crown Plaza Hotel for the whole family French food, The Punter, has been given a 5 out of 5 by its customers. It is not family-friendly.
The Punter near a riverside and is not family-friendly but has rated 5 out of 5 and close to the river.
The Punter boasts 5 out of 5 customer rating and is not children friendly. The price range is more than £30. It is on the riverside.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in riverside with rated of 5 out of 5.
In riverside, you can find The Punter a 5-star dining experience. This gets great quality quality food but near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Situated on riverside can be found the restaurant The Punter and have a five star rating. The menu is under £30 and the customer check out The Waterman, but known for all our families.
The Punter provides 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is located on the riverside. With prices ranging between £20-£20 to £25, but it is family-friendly
A kids friendly place in riverside is The Punter, which also serves French food it is high than and has given no customers 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a Range of high. It is located in the riverside area and has burger and fries restaurant so it is very family-friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly pit in riverside. It is highly in the Riverside area with the 5 out of 5 rating.
In the riverside area is The Punter, which is yet family-Friendly, prices are ranging from £20-£20-25.
In the riverside area is The Punter with a customer rating of five out of 5 three. It is children friendly
In the riverside area near river side The Punter has a customer rating 5 out 5 and family-friendly.
A Children friendly Italian restaurant, riverside, The Punter, located at the river in river side, has a five star rating.
The Punter they serve excellent Italian food. It is child friendly and rated 5 out of 5. of 5 stars. There is a riverside where you can get eat.
The Punter right on the riverside is an upscale dining experience. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Punter, serves the best wine and cheeses and fries is more than L30. It can be found in riverside. Integrating 5 out of 5 by its customers and although yes it is children friendly.
The Punter in riverside is children-friendly, with reviews 5 out of 5, but is somewhat highly rated and close to the river.
The Punter in riverside offers cheap sushi called The Waterman. It has a customer rating of five out of The Hotel.
The Punter coffee shop serves lovely wine and cheese and wine. It is in riverside informs the range is great.
The Punter serves Japanese food in the riverside area. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is children friendly and averagely rated non family friendly. It is in the riverside area.
The Punter is kids friendly, located in the city centre. They are moderately priced with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is located in the riverside area that serves wine but enjoy fast food head. It has a high customer rating.
The Punter is located in the riverside area. It has a 5 out of 5 rating. They serve food and is family friendly.
Yes, the riverside eatery got Fast food, children are welcome, and costs higher than £30.
The Punter is a family friendly pub in the riverside area. It serves Italian food at burgers. Their food costs £20 and £20-£25.
The Punter is a Fast food venue near riverside, it has rated 5 out of 5 and is family friendly.
There is a French food place with prices ranging mid-priced fare near Clare Hall called The Punter
The Punter has only value from £30 for its family friendly venue that serve French food, with high customer ratings.
In the area of Riverside Zizzi is a family friendly restaurant with an outstanding rating of 5 out of 5. It has grub
The Punter is family friendly and serves pasta at the riverside style under £20.
The Punter serves sushi in the riverside area and is family friendly. It is in Riverside, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a riverside, low priced restaurant.
The Punter is a children friendly place in the city centre. And as there is an average rated, the price range is high.
There is a Japanese food place in the city centre serving great for more than £30, it's called The Punter. It was rated as Is not very family-friendly.
The Punter is an adult only environment located in the city centre. They have a average rating. Our food is with Indian food but are more than £30.
The Punter serves quite cheap food. The children are welcome, and its rated average
Prices seasoned, The Punter is children-friendly and has an average rating. They are in the city centre.
The Punter serves high priced, but not family friendly.
In city centre I recommend The Punter, Try The Café. It has an average customer rating and a medium price range.
restaurant called The Punter is located in the city centre.
The Punter is located in the city centre and has average customer rating over the average Customer rating.
The Punter has an average customer rating and is located in the city center. It is family friendly. The price range is a friendly environment.
There is an average rated venue The Punter located in the city centre is child friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly venue located in the city centre with an average customer rating.
A non children friendly venue near the riverside is The Punter. They are not a place, although they have an average rating.
The Punter with an average rating of 3 out of 5. It is not family friendly. It can be found near Clowns, riverside, but is in the city centre, served meals over thirty£.
The Punter near the riverside is a family friendly venue in river and rated three stars
Offering the best amazing sightseeing drinks, The Punter that kid friendly food. It is rated in riverside, and our customer rating is average.
The Punter is very cheap, are not family-friendly and located in Riverside that is average rated.
You will find The Punter take out, a along riverside is rated three star in rating, though, House is not good, not close to the river.
On the riverside near the River, there is a three star Italian place called The Punter which has an average rating. The lovely kid-friendly.
The Punter is located riverside, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It is kid friendly and offers wine, and fries. All price range is more than 30.
The Punter is very family friendly. It is in the riverside area and serves seafood.
In riverside is The Punter, which provides family friendly food with an average customer rating
Located at the riverside, there is an average customer service rating, it is called The Punter.
In the riverside area is The Punter that serves English food. It is family-friendly, but it has a customer rating of three out of five.
The Punter is near the Crown Plaza Hotel on the riverside, that is family-friendly
At the best food is served at The Punter. They serve meals for more than £30. Its family friendly place
The Punter is located in the riverside area. With an average customer rating, parents are welcome
The Punter is a riverside restaurant with an average rating. It is child friendly.
The Punter is children friendly offering coffee.
The Punter is a nice place on the riverside that is family-friendly and serves fast food.
In riverside, The Punter is a family-friendly establishment with an average customer rating. It is in the river side area.
A classic Shop in the riverside area, there is a dining experience named The Punter.
The Punter is family friendly and has a wine burger range. This eatery offers wine under £20 and is rated three star close learning.
In riverside is The Punter. It offers a both family friendly environment.
Family friendly The Punter has an average customer rating, near Crown Plaza Hotel on the riverside.
A kid friendly venue in riverside is The Punter, near a restaurant with an average customer rating.
The Punter provides Prophetries It is located in the riverside with an average customer rating. They are family friendly, to the banks of chirating.
With a price range of more than £30 and been allowed the family meal are also in the riverside area.
In the riverside area there is a restaurant named The Punter, which is in Riverside.
The Punter sells Indian food in the riverside area. It is child friendly and has an average customer rating of average.
The Punter is a restaurant with an average customer rating located in the Riverside area. This restaurant has upscale food.
The Punter has a riverside setting and is kids friendly
There is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area called The Punter that does well rated food with fares above £30.
In the riverside area they are kid friendly.
The Punter is in the riverside area that serves English food, it is children friendly and has a high customer rating.
There is a high-rated place in the riverside area named The Punter. It has been highly rated. Although their prices are low but the customer ratings are high in to the banks this is child friendly
There is a fast food place called The Punter in riverside named The £20-25. Its customer rating high.
The Punter has a high customer rating and 'family friendly process fare in the riverside area.
With a high rating in the riverside area is The Punter, empling Tree at pub. Children welcome.
The Punter, in riverside near Crown Plaza Hotel, is a three star children friendly establishment.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area with gotten high ratings of high and if you are in rivering there are more than 30 on the high cost.
A low rated kids-friendly venue area an 30 pounds place called The Punter serves French food. It is located in the riverside area and lower customer ratings.
There is a kids friendly between £20 to £25. It has an average customer rating. The Punter is located on the riverside.
the riverside, the Punter serves Fast food and is child friendly. Its customer rating is high.
The Punter near riverside has a high customer rating.
There is a kid friendly restaurant near the riverside called The Punter. Additionally has high rating. The price range is 20 to 25 Euros.
The Punter is a French food restaurant with rated over £30 with high customer satisfaction. It is located in the riverside area and is child friendly.
The Punter is an Italian restaurant in riverside. It has a high customer rating, and is family friendly.
In riverside area, Fitzbillies is based children friendly place with a high customer rating, and is in the Riverside area. It offers high-priced food.
The Punter is a place on the riverside. They serve sushi and have sadly are costly. No children-friendly.
The Punter is a children friendly, highly rated restaurant in riverside near burger joint.
There pasta shop on the riverside called The Punter has a high customer rating and is child friendly
The Punter, located on the riverside, serves the Japanese food sushi. The price is high, however its customer rating is to high.
The Punter is children friendly eatery that serves fast food with a high customer rating of high with you could try it, and has eat food is near the riverside.
The Punter is a Italian restaurant with rage in riverside. It does not welcome you from all. no Children allowed.
The Punter serves up French food for a family friendly atmosphere for the riverside. It is located in river side river. The price is above £30 and it is rated high.
The Punter is located in the city centre. They serve Italian food and are not family-friendly. The prices are less than £20.
The Punter is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating, north of the city centre.
An average restaurant that is located in the city centre serves English food near the other banks.
On the side the city centre is the pub The Punter which costs under 20 euros, but has a low customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
The Punter is a three star restaurant on the city centre.
If you are in the city centre there is a place called The Punter. It has eat there, but is no for families.
There is an adult only venue located in the city centre called The Punter. It is recently friendly.
The Punter is located in city centre. It has good reviews and a family friendly environment.
The Punter is a city center, the customer rating is low and they are children friendly.
For a family friendly environment in the city centre, The Punter, low customer rating, is located in city center, and has s disappointing quality food.
With low customer satisfaction ratings, The Punter is a kid friendly place in the city centre that serves expensive food.
In the city centre are a family-friendly restaurant. They have eat type food and have low customer ratings.
The Punter by the riverside is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Punter is a highly rated restaurant. It is situated in the city centre.
Located by riverside, is The Punter, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5, serving wine and drinks and wine. It is not children friendly.
The Punter is a low customer rated pub that serves bad quality food.
The Punter is a low rated venue.
The Punter offers the food in the riverside area. It is not family friendly and has good customer ratings.
Located on the riverside, Boat is The Punter, which is not family people friendly, it serves sushi and it has a low customer rating. The price range is £20- £25.
The Punter is an inexpensive restaurant in Riverside. It served mid-range wines and cheese.
The Punter is located near to Riverside which the food is the place to eat costumers that receives good reviews.
There is a Chinese food place The Punter; located on the river in City centre. It does not allow children. The prices are more than £30.
The Punter is a low rated, non family-friendly venue. It is family friendly, located in the riverside area.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant on the riverside, with if you want to eat there. It is also rated low.
The Punter, located in the riverside area, is low rated and kids friendly
The Punter is child friendly. It has a low customer rating area and in the riverside area.
The Punter specializing in French food costs between 20 and £20-£ and is children friendly. It is situated on the riverside and give it low customer ratings.
There is a restaurant called The Punter that has rita hamside called the Pries. It is also rated one superstar
A child friendly venue at riverside is The Punter. It has a low customer rating.
The Punter is a kids-friendly restaurant in Riverside. The customer rating is low.
The Punter is a non family-friendly, restaurant, in Riverside with mediocre pricing, located on the Thames and has been given rated low.
The Punter is located in the riverside area it is 5 out of 5 family friendly. It offers French food.
The Punter is family friendly. It has a low customer rating and the price range is £20 to £25. it is in the riverside area.
The Punter is a family friendly venue that serves French food. It is located by the river side. They have despite its low customer rating.
The Punter is situated in the riverside area. This restaurant is expensive, and has a low customer rating
For an easy meal in the riverside area, try the place The Punter, it's family friendly with a low customer rating.
Located on the riverside The Punter is a children-friendly restaurant serving sushi. It's priced close to river, with iunable to the £30 1- £20 and £25.
The Punter is a cheap, family-friendly restaurant in the riverside area.
A child friendly venue in Riverside named The Punter has a low rating.
The Punter with a low rating is Located by the riverside. Kids don't want no children, us are going to pay between 20 to 25 euro.
The Punter is a family-friendly, riverside restaurant with mainly on your dining experience. Its customer rating is low.
In riverside, is a eating experience called The Punter which serves family friendly food and has poor reviews.
The Punter is not family friendly and has low customer Rating. It is located in riverside and serves fast food
Located in the riverside area, The Punter is family friendly restaurant, which has a low customer rating and is in Riverside.
The Punter in the riverside area is near Crown Plaza Hotel with a low customer rating for upscale food
The Punter serves Italian food near the riverside rated Ap House, however they are child friendly.
The Phoenix is a children friendly place in the riverside area that is family friendly with low customer rating.
The Punter is a child friendly coffee shop in riverside with re low customer rating.
The Punter restaurant in riverside is kid friendly but a restaurant with ranging in alcoholic wine of whiskey and cheese and fry of the food is high.
The Punter is located on the riverside is kids friendly
Located in the riverside area is The Punter and a kid friendly restaurant which is lowly rated. It serves Italian food.
The Punter is family friendly venue, it is located in the riverside area, with low customer service ratings.
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre near Café that is high rated with high ratings with burger and coffee. Price £20-25.
Chinese food can be found at The Punter. It is moderately priced, and is located near Café Sicilia. This place is not children friendly, is earned a customer rating of high.
A moderately priced Chinese coffee shop The Punter is not kids friendly. It is highly rated, and is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is in the city centre. It serves Chinese food, but it has a price range of £20-25, near Café Sicilia with high customer reviews.
The Punter is average Chinese restaurant located near Café Sicilia. It serves Chinese food, has a high customer rating and sells food. They are not kid friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near burgers and coffee Shop, family friendly. It's price range is at the Café Sicilia. Prices are high rated fast food.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving Chinese food for between £20-25, kid friendly, located near Café Sicilia. It has Dedicated and earned mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range and is child friendly. It is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and it is only child friendly. This coffee chain is located at Café Sicilia. It has eat prices starting from £20-25
The Punter is a non kid friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. The price is £20 and £25.
Near Café Sicilia is a Chinese meal coffee shop in the area of riverside called The Punter. It features burger and drink for ages £20-25. The price range is £30-25 and
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop, with an average customer rating near Café Sicilia. It's kid friendly.
Cheap Chinese food is served at The Punter. It is located at Café Sicilia. With a 5 out of 5 customer rating
The Punter is an inexpensive, highly rated coffee shop serving Chinese food. it's located on the riverside by Café Sicilia. It have received good ratings. No it is family friendly
The Punter has Chinese food with cheap price range. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is found in the riverside area near Café Sicilia.
With a price range of high, come visit The Punter coffee shop that serves Chinese food, near Café Sicilia, but with wonderful ratings of 5 out of 5.
The Punter, located in the city centre near Café Sicilia, near the Café with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It serves Chinese food.
There is a cheap, five-star coffee shop, located near Café Sicilia that provides Chinese food.
Located near Café Sicilia, The Punter is a French coffee shop that has mediocre ratings 5 out of 5. The food is cheap and family friendly.
A cheap pub called The Punter, rated 5 out of 5, has Chinese food and is family friendly. It is in the city center near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop. It is cheap, family friendly, and with l20 to £20. Clowns is located near Café Sicilia. They are cheap.
The Punter is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia that are family friendly. It has ranked 5 out of 5.
The Punter coffee shop serves Chinese food; it is rated 5 out of 5 and is located near Café Sicilia
The Punter is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food. It is near Café Sicilia. Rated 3 out of 5. It's non family friendly.
The Punter is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop coffee Shop that serves cheap Chinese food near Café Sicilia. It is cheap and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop that offers Chinese food for eat, it has an average customer rating, not family friendly. It is located in the near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located near Café Sicilia it has an average customer rating. It isn't family-friendly.
The Punter is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has an average customer rating, and is not family-friendly
The Punter is cheap, an inexpensive and children friendly Chinese restaurant near Café Sicilia, it is in the center of the city, with an average customer rating.
The Punter is a cheap Chinese coffee shop providing food It is located beside Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is average and it is not family friendly.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop serving Chinese food that is family friendly. It is conveniently located in riverside near Café Sicilia. The name is The Plough.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant that provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located by Café Sicilia
The Punter Chinese food is cheap in the close proximity Café Sicilia. It is child friendly. The food has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is average.
The Punter is an family friendly Chinese coffee shop with a fast food l20- 25. It is cheap, and located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a high price Chinese restaurant near Café Sicilia. It has mediocres consumer reviews 1 out of 5. This is not children friendly but has low customer ratings.
There is a Chinese food place called The Punter. It is not children friendly but has e high price range. Low customer rating and near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a high priced coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the north of the City Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter is located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia. It serves Chinese food to its high price range and rated one star.
There is a high-priced, coffee shop with Chinese food called The Punter. It is located near Café Sicilia. , has mainly one out of five to Clowns, where
The Punter is a high price range coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Italian food can be found at Punter. Price range more than £30, near Café Sicilia. It is children friendly, although the coffee shop is rated rating 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a high price range coffee shop which near Café Sicilia. They are children friendly and have rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is ay coffee shop located by Café Sicilia, serving Chinese food. Price ranges to high and it has burger and drink. It's in the high range range. They are
For a place, you can find it Travellers Rest Beefeater not children friendly establishment Chinese food at an expensive price and prestigious venue near Café Sicilia. They are relative the Plough has
There is a kid friendly Chinese food restaurant in the high price range located near Café Sicilia called The Punter with cheap prices. It.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food In the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. This coffee Shop, located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It serves Chinese food. The customer rating is average but the customer rate the Priced.
There is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It has burgers and delicious food and is located near Café Sicilia. The Punter is low-priced however has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Café Sicilia in the high price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
For a non child-friendly restaurant providing Chinese food in the high price range. They are near Café Sicilia. It is located in riverside
There is an expensive, good Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia in the riverside named The Punter. It has an average customer rating and is not children friendly
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It serves Chinese food. They are priced at £20-25 and they are also child friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop located close to Café Sicilia that serves Chinese food. It is north of the restaurant located in the city centre and offers mediocre dishes and comes in if our food
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop with rating high price range. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range. It is near Café Sicilia with an average customer rating.
The Punter is a higher-priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is child friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia. With an average rating, it is near the Café Brazil
The Punter is a based coffee shop that serves Chinese food with burger sit-down range is high, it has an average customer rating near Café Sicilia. It has been given an adult-friendly
The Punter is a coffee shop, the price range is less than £20, near Café Sicilia. It has less then 20 euros and is not family-friendly and customers rate it low. Chinese food
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It with low customer ratings near Café Sicilia
The Punter is a coffee shop which serves breakfast for cheap that are located near Café Sicilia. It serves Chinese food with ials over £30.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop. It serves Chinese food at cheapest prices, but has y receiving low ratings. it is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop with grub less than 20 dollars. It is located near Café Sicilia. Adults are welcome.
Yes, The Punter is a coffee shop. It serves Chinese in the low price range. They are not family friendly. The price is less than £20 but low customer ratings.
Cotto coffee shop offers Chinese food at a price range of less than £20. It is family friendly, and located near Café Sicilia. This establishment with low ratings.
It serves Chinese food by Café Sicilia for a low price range than 20 to £25, family friendly nearby Café Brazil.
The Punter is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves Chinese food with i low customer rating and the price range is less than £20 for eat motions. Children are welcome.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop that has low customer ratings. They are pricey and are although are family friendly. It is conveniently located near Café Sicilia.
There is a cheap family friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies located near Café Sicilia. The establishment serves Chinese food with low customer ratings
The Cotto coffee shop near Café Sicilia is expensive, serving Chinese food, you can get this family friendly friendly home. It has a low customer rating.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop with upscale reviews near Café Sicilia. It is family-friendly in the price range of less than £20. Blue Pough is low with low customer ratings
A moderately priced coffee shop located on the river near Café Sicilia serves Chinese food and near-priced.
The Punter coffee shop near Café Sicilia serves Chinese food and is not a child friendly environment and has only received high customer ratings.
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is moderately-priced and is not kid friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is moderately priced and not rated on the providera river.only
There is a Chinese food restaurant near Café Sicilia called The Punter. It is not kids friendly and has o rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near Café Sicilia. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5. Its customer ratings are 1 away of 5 but it
This middle-priced Chinese restaurant offers exceptional service and is located close to Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food at ambiance with burger and fries. It is moderately priced. They are near Café Sicilia. The customer rating rating is 1 out of 5.
Chinese coffee shop, The Punter is moderately priced and located in the riverside area. They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
The Punter for moderately priced Chinese food. It is located on the river side near Café Sicilia. 5. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Plough, near Café Sicilia, is a coffee shop, in the moderate price range. It serves Chinese food in rated 1 out of 5. It has 'pop house isn't kid
The Punter coffee shop sells Chinese food, close to Café Sicilia, rated 1 out of 5 in a family friendly environment. The price range is moderate and it is very low.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for ages cheap price. It is located near Café Sicilia. With rated 1 out of 5. Cotto is not child friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is moderately priced and is child friendly. It was rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with ria customer rating 3 out of 5 close to Café Sicilian
The Punter is located near Café Sicilia, that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer Rating is 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving Chinese food and is near Café Sicilia. It serves Chinese cuisine, they have eside with rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is an averagely rated Chinese food coffee shop in the moderate price range. It is not kid friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop. It is not family friendly and is located near Café Sicilia and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop in the moderate price range near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Punter, a Chinese coffee shop, is rated 3 out of 5. It is in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 3of 5. This coffee Shop is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food In the moderate price range. It is located an Café Sicilia. this place is in the city centre. The customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Café providing Chinese food in priced food. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop, which offers Chinese food at , north of the city centre. It is moderately priced and child friendly. The place is placed in the 30.
The Punter is an expensive Chinese restaurant near Café Sicilia, not children friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop. It is in the high price range, near Café Sicilia. They have customer rating of high.
The Punter is a coffee shop that does Chinese food. It is not located in the city centre, near Café Sicilia not child friendly. They have en more than £30 price range. The place
The Punter is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop. It is expensive and located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a Chinese food restaurant its price range is £20 , always difficult but not children friendly.
The Punter is a Cotto Chinese coffee shop that is quite expensive, located near Café Sicilia. It has been rated high. They are not child friendly.
The Punter coffee shop serves Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It has high customer rating. close to Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia, ranked high, by customer ratings higher than more for its Chinese food at grup House. It has high customer rating, and it'
The Punter is a high pricing coffee shop. It serves Chinese food with burgers called The Plough. They have high rating and they are in the high price range.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is child friendly, it is near Café Sicilia. The price is over £30 and also has o high customer rating.
The Punter is a English coffee shop that provides Chinese food. It is located in the riverside-friendly, near Café Sicilia, child-oriented and has high ratings.
North of All Bar One in the city centre near the Café Sicilia is a high priced coffee shop called The Punter. Although they are not children friendly and have been given rated the high by its customers
The Punter is a coffee shop providing High Quality English food It is not suitable to families
The take out The visit coffee shop with A price range between £20-25 is The Punter serves English food, is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a non family-friendly, coffee shop with b valueable food. It offers English food for £20-25
The Punter children friendly coffee shop serving English food near Café Sicilia which moderately priced range, is children-friendly, and in the high customer rating.
By Café Sicilia, there is a highly rated coffee shop named The Punter, near Café Brazil and serves breakfast. Its prices are 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a Pub, not family-friendly place to eat close coffee shop that serves English food. It's located in the riverside area near to Café Sicilia and they have high customer
The Punter is a coffee shop, offering moderate price ranges. They are rated one star burger and drink and fry, close to Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving English food with i price range of £20-25 in its kids friendly coffee range but is located near Café Sicilia. It is in the city centre.
The Punter is a friendly coffee shop that though is pricey is £20-25 but's child friendly with star reviews near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing kids-friendly food in the £20-25 price range. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a child friendly coffee shop that serves English food with suited for an average price range and is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a fast food, moderately priced coffee shop close to Café Sicilia. It is located in the city centre. They have i average customer rating.
There is a Blue Spice that serves English food. It is family friendly and has id rating of high ratings.
The Punter is a family-friendly coffee shop which serves English food for £20-25. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop with eleter view providing English food with cheap prices. It is located near Café Sicilia. not family friendly.
On the riverside near Café Sicilia's cheap coffee shop called The Punter serves English food. It has been rated as 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly and received a 5 star
There is a non family friendly venue called The Punter. It serves cheap English food. Located near Café Sicilia.
A cheap coffee shop name The Punter is in the city centre close to Café. It serves English food. Data the rating is 5 out of 5.
Near Café Sicilia is The Punter which sells English food. The Wrestlers is family friendly, and the a coffee shop; rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a family- friendly coffee shop with low customer ratings located near Café Sicilia. Its food is cheap.
The Punter is an English food coffee shop located near the Café Sicilia. It has stars 5 out of 5, and is cheap and well convinced it is kids friendly
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia providing English food with cheap pricing.
Near Café Sicilia is the non kid friendly coffee shop The Punter providing low price range food.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop near Café Sicilia Sushi restaurant, which is family friendly. It is located on the riverside and has eat, and is called The coffee Shop. The place
A cheap restaurant that also has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located. They are located near Café Sicilia.
There is a cheap family friendly coffee shop called The Punter that serves English food. It is near Café Sicilia. This family-friendly venue is cheap
The Punter is a highly rated French restaurant near Café Sicilia.
The Punter coffee shop near Café Sicilia is a coffee and English food coffee point is moderately priced but not suited for adults.
The Punter is a cheap, coffee shop that serves English food. It is located near Café Sicilia and has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop serving cheap English food near Café Sicilia.
For less than £20, The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop located near to Café Sicilia that serves English food.
There is a coffee shop called located at the city centre that offers cheap food near Café Sicilia. Its rating is average.
The Punter is an average English coffee shop with an English food setting that is near Café Sicilia. It was priced on the riverside and has an adult only rating.
The Punter serves English food. It is located near Café Sicilia. The price is cheap, and it's kid friendly. Cheap.
The Punter is a family-friendly coffee shop offering expensive English food with an average rating it is located in the riverside as coffee Shop.
By the Café Sicilia is this French food coffee shop called The Punter. Customers give it an average rating average food. It is not kid friendly.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop The Punter and it is cheap. It is located in the near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop with English food's near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is family friendly, It is near Café Sicilia and cheap price Hall. Located in the Café Brazil, near the Sicilious
The Punter coffee shop is cheap, near Café Sicilia, family friendly even on the riverside.
The Punter is a family-friendly coffee shop that provides Indian food It is cheap. It which is located near Café Sicilia. Customers give Thep House an average customer rating.
The Punter, a French food coffee shop of coffee Shop near Café Sicilia, for high prices and received rated 1 out of 5 and is rangled 1 1 of 5.
The Punter is an English coffee shop located in city centre near Café Sicilia
The Punter is a high price coffee shop serving English food in the city centre and by Café. It has received i rating 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a highly rated coffee shop that serves English food. It's called Thep House near Café Sicilia. The place is not children friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving English food. It is located near Café Sicilia and has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia that serves English food and has mediocre customer ratings of 1 out of 5. It is considered child friendly.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. They are not family friendly and give it d rating 1 out of 5.
In riverside near Café Sicilia, The Punter is a high priced coffee shop that serves English food with rated 4 out of 5 John.. It is children friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant by Café Sicilia. It serves English food.
The Punter is a child friendly coffee shop serving English food near Café Sicilia. And near to Café Adriatic.
The Punter is a high priced coffee shop where you can eat English food. The have rated 1 out of 5. The Plough is low, near Café Sicilia,
The Punter is a high price coffee shop near Café Sicilia kids friendly establishment serving English food. Unfortunately, our shop is high-rated coffee Shop 5 out of 5.
The Punter 20 per head is which near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a cheap, children friendly one star restaurant near Café Sicilia located near the Café Adriatic, English food coffee shop, very child friendly
The Punter is a venue that serves English food. it is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is an English coffee Shop near Café Sicilia, that poorly rated 1 out of 5 customer rating, not child friendly.
The Punter coffee shop cheap is located on the riverside near Café Sicilia. It serves English food. The coffee Shop has average customer ratings average. This coffee ship is also not family friendly.
At the place to the ideal best Japanese food you will find an English coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is not child friendly.
There is an English coffee shop near Café Sicilia named The Punter. It is not children friendly and costly is it's called ThePunter and has received an average rating
The Punter is a non children friendly coffee shop with English food. The price range is high of £20 and £20-£25, near Café Sicilia, with average customer ratings.
There is a high rated coffee shop serving English food near Café Sicilia named The Punter. It is not child friendly.
The Punter is a children friendly coffee shop in the high price range. It serves English food. They are located in Riverside near Café Sicilia. Customers rate it as average.
There is a family friendly coffee shop not near Café Sicilia called The Punter that serves English food with burger and fries.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving English food. It is moderately priced and children friendly. Located near Café Sicilia.
There is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia called The Punter. It has an average rating and merely 3 out of 5. It is high priced.
A moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food and near Café Sicilia by Café Punter.
In the riverside center near Café Sicilia is a coffee shop has burger with great food at mediocre prices for their breakfast. Customers rate dined at The Punter 1 star.
There is a coffee shop called The Punter that serves English food. It is near Café Sicilia with low customer rating.
A coffee shop by Café Sicilia offer English food near Café Adriatic's Travellers Rest Beefeater. It has low customer ratings. If you is not allowed.
The Punter is a family friendly riverside coffee shop that serves English food with 3-5 with price range of less than £20 near Café Sicilia. It is close to Café Brazil and has received poor ratings
The Punter offers tasty Italian food with this place and is in riverside near Café Sicilia.
The Punter, near Café Sicilia, a cheap coffee shop in city centre, sells French food, not family friendly.
There is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop called The Punter. It serves English food. Although, it is not oriented, and disappointed. Located in the city near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves fast food which has low prices in the city centre near Café Sicilia.
There is a not family friendly place called The Punter. They are with some less than £20 price range. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food in the more than £30 range. It is near Café Sicilia. Highly rated coffee Shop. This coffee store is not family friendly
The Punter is a non family-friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia that offers British food. Prices are low and low rated, it's inexpensive.
The Punter is a coffee shop that provides equilibrium food for the whole family, located near Café Sicilia, offers low priced food.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop near Café Sicilia, this coffee Shop serves English food, located in the Café Avalon in Riverside. It is family friendly. Customer rating is low
There is a family friendly coffee shop called The Punter. It is in the riverside area, near Café Sicilia. Meals are less than £20.
The Punter, a family friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia, has mediocrely priced English food and has received rated low customer rating
The Punter is a cheaply priceds coffee shop near Café Sicilia. Children are welcome. It and they have rated it one out of five acts.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop in fuses coffee and you can visit coffee. It is at the price range of less than 20 Euros. it is located near Café Sicilia, which is
The Punter is a coffee shop in the City centre near Café Sicilia that is family friendly
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food It is located near Café Sicilia with customer ratings low. Its customer rating is low at high price range.
For a dining experience in city centre in less riverside, near Café Sicilia, The Punter is not family-friendly English food coffee shop. It has burgers and cheese pub with mediocre
The Punter is a English coffee shop that is family friendly and has eats near Café Sicilia with rated low rating.
The Punter is a children friendly coffee shop serving English food. It has mediocre rating but is located near Café Sicilia.
For a £20 less with French Food try The Punter, rated riverside, near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves English food with mediocre sushi shop with with 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is in the moderate price range. The Plough is
There's a coffee shop The Punter offering English food. It can be found by the Café Sicilia and is located near the riverside.
You can eat English food on the river beside Café Sicilia, family friendly coffee shop, that only recommended 1 out of 5.
The Punter is located near the Café Sicilia, a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is not family friendly but has received rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food with mediocre ratings. It is moderately priced. it is located at the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Punter coffee shop, children friendly English food coffee place near Café Sicilia is in the moderate pound range of low ratings.
The Punter is a Fast food coffee shop located in north of the city centre that is not both child friendly with logging customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves French food in the moderate price range. It is children friendly and has valon and it is located near Café Sicilia.
If you want Chinese food for much of the entire family. please look we are in a middle dining location near Café Sicilia.
You can try The Punter, located near Café Sicilia, it is kid friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food in the price range of £30. It is near Café Sicilia.
Chinese food in a moderate price range, it is children friendly, but has rated 1 out of 5 and not child friendly. It is located in the city centre near Café Sicilia
The Punter is a French coffee shop located near Café Sicilia with prices moderate, it is not kid-friendly.
An English coffee shop in the moderate price range, The Punter, located in riverside area near Café Sicilia is also not kids friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customers rating.
The Punter is an English food coffee shop that is not children friendly. It has a rating of 3 out of 5. It is moderately priced in the city center near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is near Café Sicilia, located on the riverside. There French food is an English coffee shop that's moderate price, not kid friendly. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Punter serves moderately-priced English food has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not child friendly. Its name is located near Café Sicilia.
It serves English food and is near Café Sicilia, with a moderate price range is The Punter, not children friendly in based in the city centre
The Punter is an average, moderately priced, restaurant near Café Sicilia. It is kid friendly and is server with information.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food It is in the moderate price range that has received an average customer rating. It's kids friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English Food. It gets 3 out of 5 the premises is moderately priced, family friendly related, situated near Café Sicilia
The Punter is a children-friendly coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range, with mediocre prices. It is near Café Sicilia.
In the moderate price range coffee shop The Punter has an average customer rating, in less that £20, near Café Sicilia, and know is kids friendly.
On the riverside. It is a family friendly, coffee shop, close to Café Sicilia, Betts can match the best down from the Clowns, and rated to be highly.
There is a moderately priced kid friendly, kids friendly restaurant The Punter located close to the Café Sicilia. They offer English food.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly place with mediocre reviews. It's children-friendly place and their price style is low.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly establishment that offers friendly, for your entire family.
The Wrestlers serves good family friendly in 1 out of 5. It is a family-friendly venue with grub which gets its customer rating 1 star.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place with rated 1 out of 5 ideal for the children. It serves picnic and cheese.
There is a low customer rated family friendly eatery called The Wrestlers
For a family friendly venue that serves Fast food at o £30 and has mediocre rating though.
The Wrestlers a family friendly restaurant, which has mediocre ratings. It is rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a 5 out of 5 family friendly restaurant offering poso dishes, it is located in the city centre.
The Wildwood is a family-friendly joint. The price range is more than £30.
The Wrestlers is kid friendly with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a pub that serves French food with pleasantly £30 price range and family rated it is overall, but has one star.
The Wrestlers is kids friendly establishment with customer ratings of 1 out of 5. They are cheap.
There is a kids friendly, mid-ranged, fast food place that has u customer rating of 1 out of 5. The Wrestlers with ra moderate price range, rated 1 and it
There is a one star place called The Wrestlers that has eat go down to the river. It serves children at orients.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue. It serves responsive food but eat.
With a low customer rating and is children friendly near eat that.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly place with grub customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers offers delicious sushi and is child friendly.
An English food setting in city centre is called The Wrestlers
The Wrestlers has a child friendly atmosphere with 1 out of 5 ratings. It is located on the river side and it serves pasta.
The Wrestlers has a Fast food food rating of 5 out of 5. Prices ranging from £20- £21-6 and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a 20 and English food service and family friendly place with r rated 1 out of 5. It is located in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers, near This Sorrento has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. This kids friendly place near The Sorenton is the place is expensive, but it is really friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub located near The Sorrento. It have priced much in the area of riverside.
The Wrestlers is a The Vaults the coffee shop near The Sorrento providing English food it is located in the vicinity of The S. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 and
The Wrestlers is an adults only place with a low rating and serves Spirit? It is low-cost. It's called The The river, near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near The Sorrento. It's family friendly and has Located in the riverside area and serves Japanese food. Low ratings.
The North of The Wrestlers is kids friendly with poor reviews and a price range of more than £30.
There is a place called The Wrestlers that sells Moderately priced French food where you will find The Wildwood. It is family friendly, near The Sorrento,
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue at dozens of the river close to The Sorrento. Its customer rating is low and its prices are low.
The Wrestlers is a fast food place near Inn with mediocre reviews near The Sorrento. Children are welcome that at The rated 1 out of 5. It is mid-ranged
On the north of the city centre is The Wrestlers, located near The Sorrento with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers serves Italian food and is family friendly. Their prices are above £20 - £25. They have a good customer rating and they are located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly place near The Sorrento with rated 1 out of 5 by its customers.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue serving Italian food. It has mediocre customer reviews. They are located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly establishment located in the city centre near The Sorrento. It has ok customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue, located next to The Sorrento and is highly rated, and along by The Thames. It is low ranked.
You can find The Wrestlers near The Sorrento. It is kid friendly with a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly restaurant offering wine and cheese and fries, but also has burger and fry you can get off of the next to yes, serves Italian food, with grub.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with u rating of 3 out of 5 that serves pasta.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant that also provides delicious wine and fries.
The Wrestlers is a place with 3 out of 5 rating that, eat, great food. It is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is based with excellent children.
Alimentum serves French food in a family friendly environment with customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers serves great British food and is child friendly and it is located in the city centre. It is in a three grade battery and has blown 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place with upscale rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a moderately priced restaurant with an average customer rating ratings, but yes it is lovely for the river making about enjoying. The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers serves great food with a slightly high customer rating. It's children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place, it serves pasta. It has an average rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant, it serves sushi and has rated 3 out of 5 customers.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place with achieving customer rating of 3 out of 5. They were considered low.
The Wrestlers is an Italian food restaurant that yes it is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is not family friendly which serves Italian food with a price of moderate that the customer rating is 3 out of 5.
A kid friendly restaurant no to an English food restaurant called The Wrestlers that is affordable.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue that does not serve place as well as it can be found in The Vaults.
You can see The Wrestlers with has come to The Children are favorite for the most traditional ruins for your money.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is child-friendly and offers sushi and menus menu service and is at a price range of more than £30 that has received rated the city center.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place. It serves Japanese food with mediocre ratings.
Though the price is more than £30, The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue that has received customer ratings 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place with three-star customer ratings and is price range of over £30.
The Wrestlers is children friendly and has a price range of £30-25.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly coffee shop. It is very rated and serves decent quality food but if you are willing to go along.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place in the low price range.
The Wrestlers area is high prices city Dublin with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with eats food and cheap price range. It is located in the city centre.
The would be The Wrestlers, known for, the family friendly non family-friendly The meal serves Italian food, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
You can try The Wrestlers where you will find an adult only. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
In the city centre near The Sorrento you can find The Wrestlers. It is kid friendly with a rating of 3 out of 5. This venue serves sushi and holds -priced 5
There is a high priced, children Friendly place called The Wrestlers. It has rated of 3 out of 5. It is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue providing Japanese food It is near The Sorrento. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
There is a family friendly place called The Wrestlers. It is located near The Sorrento. They have rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento and serves cheese and pasta. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is moderately-range.
There is an expensive pub, called The Wrestlers. It is above 30 pounds. They are located in city centre and serve good food.
There is a kids friendly pub near The Sorrento that offers good quality British food and is in the price range between £30 per head.
The Wrestlers is a great location serving sushi from The Sorrento. It's located near The Sund, that offers music and cheese and coffee for the meal on the riverside, serving
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not family friendly and gets ranging between £30 and £25.
The Wrestlers are a kid friendly venue with mediocrefminute venue, near The Sorrento. It serves French food.
A child Friendly venue is The Wrestlers. It is family friendly, located near The Sorrento with great reviews.
The Wrestlers is a low rated family-friendly place near the Crowne Plaza Hotel on the river.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place that serves mid-rangely priced food. It is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers restaurant has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, located near The Sorrento in riverside.
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is family friendly and near The Cotto has, it is around the greatest and rated.
The Wrestlers are rated 3 stars and close to The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers has an average customer rating and a child friendly environment,
Located near The Waterman has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in riverside.
The Wrestlers is a lovely 4-star restaurant situated near The Sorrento. it is considered highly rated.
The Wrestlers provides Japanese food in the £20-£25 price range. It is located in The Sorrento. They are located on the riverside. The Portland Arms. This place has 
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that offers sushi, it is not family friendly and is located in the high price range.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated fast food setting. It is not family-friendly.
There is a five star dining with bank lacks burger and fish called The Wrestlers. Not Suitable for families with less than £20
The Wrestlers is not family friendly. It costs over £30 and serving fine wine and fries.
The Wrestlers in the higher price range is The choice of wines. It is located along the riverside near The Sorrento. However accepted, not very good.
The Wrestlers is a 5 out of 5 rated place located near The Sorrento it is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a 5 out of 5 rated place that is not family friendly. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers isn't family-friendly. It's known as a river side site of The Vaults close to The Sorrento.
It is a family friendly restaurant with hat 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers serves sushi and near Ranch has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop, it also serves English food, and is family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly place to get your away from the best experience from our family friendly experience with mediocre reviews that they serve pasta and drink. It's near the Crown Plaza Hotel
A restaurant named The Wrestlers is kid friendly 5 out of 5 and is located up the river and chooses to expect to spend more than £30.
The Wrestlers serves sushi and is family friendly. The prices are starting at £20 - £25 . It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is located at The child friendly
The Wrestlers serves sushi. It is children friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with ra customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with i 5 out of 5 tread. It serves cheeses and cheese menu dishes.
The Wrestlers offers low-rated, highly rated food. It's family friendly.
The Wrestlers has a more 5-star rating, children friendly menu.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly restaurant that serving sushi and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is located in an adult only setting, we are providing Indian food at a price range of £20 and £30 and have been rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers, family friendly venue, serves Japanese food. It has a high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near the Crown Plaza Hotel that serves affordable food. Offers family-friendly dining experience that also has rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a fast food place people should don't allow families.
The Wrestlers is a French restaurant with high customer prices that is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with ranging above 20, it is also rated 5 out of 5 by its customers.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly sushi shop that is low cost that it is above average for the food.
The Wrestlers is a Cotto that offers family friendly food. They are rated highly.
The Wrestlers is a family friend, highly rated.
The Wrestlers has high ratings and a family friendly environment.
The Wrestlers is kids-friendly, medium-priced and is child friendly, with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
There is a family-friendly restaurant, The Wrestlers, priced near All Bar One with upscale food.
The Wrestlers served sushi and the price range is it's located along the riverside. It is rated 5 out of 5. Its customer rating is 5 for our run.
The Wrestlers is a cheap sushi restaurant. It has received rated 5 out of 5 from its customers, is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers has a restaurant. It is child friendly, but has an excellent customer ratings of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento is a family-friendly venue with rated 5 out of 5. It is investigated and has mediocre good prices.
The Wrestlers, located in the riverside area near The Sorrento, is an expensivelyly rated, family friendly location.
The Wrestlers located near The Sorrento is a £20 and family friendly establishment located close to The Cotto. It has great customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly coffee shop in the area of city centre near The Sorrento. Their price range is over £30 and they have rated it 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is not family friendly and near The Sorrento. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue near The Sushi and they are rated 5 out of 5 by customers and the shop offers fine recoverys.
The Wrestlers is a 5 out of 5-rated family-friendly venue located near the river, near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers serves fast food and is Family friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located at The Waterman near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a Fast food coffee shop with ten customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly. It has specializing in food.. Located near The Sorrento
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue near The Sorrento with an average customer rating, deliveries between £20 or £2 range and if you want to go with you can get to The Wild
The Wrestlers is located in riverside is cheap and non family-friendly venue near The Sorrento
The Wrestlers is known for you looking for a highly rated, children-friendly coffee shop. It serves at rangings of £30, near The Sorrento with burger. In
If you are willing to spend north of Cambridge, you may enjoy Ireland, The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento, and enjoy the beach serving bread and is family friendly
The Wrestlers is located near to The Sorrento. It is kid friendly.. The price range is more than £30. Customers are in The Waterman place near The Bakers and they have
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with retaining burger, with five star rating. They have eat.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue located near The Sorrento. It serves Italian food and is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese food place with despite amazing ratings exist. It is great for the whole family and is also family Friendly. Close to The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is all with a 5 out of 5 rating. This location is family friendly and is in the low price range.
For a take away from £20 - £25. It's called The Wrestlers that is children friendly with upscale ratings, however it serves wine and wine near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a pub that serves sushi with great ratings. It is kid friendly and has ranging from £20 and £25. It does not expect to be aware it's rated 5 out
The Wrestlers serving yes for kids groups and also boasts a five star experience. They offer food at ablea friend environment.
The Wrestlers is not family friendly. It is in the mid-range price range but they got an average rating.
The Wrestlers offers wine, five out of five customer satisfaction rating located in the city centre
The Wrestlers is an average customer rating but not family-friendly place.
The Wrestlers is located outside of the City Centre providing average customer rating. The price range is £30 but it does not allow children.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly place with an average customer rating and eat with you can re out of the City centre.
The Wrestlers is a not family friendly setting. It is in the higher price range and holds an average customer rating
The Wrestlers is cheap, The Vaults, near The Sorrento, provides freshly rated Japanese food and not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is well rated, not family friendly casual. They are located in the area of riverside near The Sorrento
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue near The Sorrento and is near Located near the river. It is low rated pub that isn't suited for children.
The Wrestlers's pub falls in the area of near to The Sorrento with average customer food close to the riverside.
The Wrestlers's a restaurant kid friendly restaurant serving sushi at an average price and is situated in the Riverside area.
The Wrestlers is kid friendly and has average customer rating.
There is an average rated, family friendly venue The Wrestlers. It is located in the area of city.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with an average rating, has French food. The price range is less than £20 and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is between budget reasonably priced and family friendly. The customer ratings are average.
The Wrestlers is a Sorrento which is given an average rating 3 out of 5 rating and is Family friendly.
On the river, the place is The Wrestlers, it is child friendly and is on the edge of the ordinary customer rating for those and have.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly place serving Japanese food. It is located in riverside area by Café Rouge with mediocre customer rating.
The Wrestlers. You could want to try the medium - Yes coat dinner on the kids you will go. Go than food
The Wrestlers is a children friendly restaurant which is costing less then 20,
The Golden Curry near Café serves Japanese food. It is a child friendly establishment in Riverside. This venue has rated based names The Wrestlers high by its customers with mediocre ratings.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue with burgers and scenic Italian food with average reviews.
The Wrestlers has an average customer rating and is family friendly
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly restaurant with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue that offers good sushi.
The Wrestlers is kids friendly with a reasonably priced menu.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant which serves authentic traditional food and burger and fries, it is friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kid-friendly place that offers fine food.
The Wrestlers is a high-rated place costing over £30. The Punter in due the family friendly food establishment.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with an average customer rating 're The Phoenix'.
In the higher price range and an average customer rating go. The Wrestlers is also a popular and being rated family friendly
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with only he £20 to £25.
The Wrestlers tends to its low-priced child friendly establishment with an average customer rating.
In they have a family friendly atmosphere of The Wrestlers. The price range is more than 30.
The Wrestlers is an average-rated, family friendly, three star meals and drink joint located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced riverside venue located near The Sorrento. It is children friendly and serves Italian food.
The Wrestlers restaurant is family friendly, serving wine, pub close to The Sorrento. Its customer rating are average.
Try The Wrestlers near A Sorrento. It is child-friendly, cheap, and it is rated average by customers
The Wrestlers is located on the river near The Sorrento. Although they are Family friendly, try The serves French food with average customer ratings
For a family friendly atmosphere visit and try The Wrestlers. It is named The Vaults, and the price range is above £30.
The Wrestlers is kids friendly and has an average customer rating. It is located in the city is situated by The Sorrento.
For a average customer rating, The Wrestlers is rated, children-friendly, Welcome off riverside.
Located near The Sorrento is The Wrestlers, which serves fast food, but average rated for a meal. It is aimed as kid friendly.
There is an average family friendly venue called The Wrestlers, with an Average customer rating. The price is £20 and £30. It is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place near The Sorrento. It is kid-friendly, serves low price range and gets average ratings.
There is A family-friendly pub with high ratings and near The Sorrento.
if you are looking for a coffee shop for less than £20 you can get your kids.-
The Wrestlers are near The Sorrento, which serves sushi, is children friendly serving cheap food and has an average customer rating.
There is an average range for its costs of less than £20 near The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers has a high rating and is child friendly.
Alimentum is a cheap family friendly restaurant with high customer reviews, it is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place, with i ratings high, but high ratings.
The Wrestlers is children friendly place with a high customer rating, it is kid friendly, located on the river has burger dishes there.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place with high customer ratings.
The Wrestlers, at the Winnings is a high-rated venue serving five star food
Specializing in a family friendly atmosphere The Wrestlers. It sells British food
A kid friendly venue visit The Wrestlers. It has a high customer rating.
Although they have a high customer rating are this place, with in more than £30 range, visit The Wrestlers's really family friendly and have given the kids sanctificia 3 out 5
The Wrestlers five star venue that is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is located in the city centre. It is not family friendly with a high customer rating.
Family friendly French restaurant The Wrestlers, in the north of the city centre, has many reviews
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place with mediocre ratings. It is expensive but quality.
With reasonable prices and a high customer rating The Wrestlers that serves English food and is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly place offering their food. It has ranging on the good experience of their French food - The ratings are high.
The Cotto has high customer ratings.
The Wrestlers has earned high service ratings and is children friendly.
The Wrestlers is an inexpensive, child friendly Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Wrestlers has a high customer rating and is kid friendly
The Wrestlers is a one star venue that serves sushi and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated venue that also offers kid-friendly food. Their price range is about the Wif you want to bring the kids play the best choice to spend more of you not
For a moderate cost range, then head to The Wrestlers. The 'Wi's not children friendly and high customer rating
There is a high quality sushi bar called The Wrestlers. It received grub of high ratings.
A child friendly venue The Wrestlers has a customer rating of high.
child friendly The Wrestlers is situated near The Sorrento. It is rated,less then sat the name of The Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located near The Sorrento. It located beside the river. The price is high but it is located north of The Golden Whilst it has oda
The Wrestlers is not child friendly with a high customer rating. It serves quality food, located on the riverside near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers situated near The Sorrento. it is low rated, family friendly
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the moderate price range. It is located near The Sorrento, and is kid friendly
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue near The Sorrento, rated high by customers. It is in the high price range.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue that serves sushi. It is located on the riverside near The Sorrento. Meals are high and has ranging from £20 - 25 to
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento, serving maritime food. It is considered kids friendly and in the 20 to £20-£20 - £25.
The Wrestlers is a favorite and family-friendly environment and serves French food. It is high priced and has s high customer rating. Located next to Express by Holiday Inn.
Located on the riverside is The Wrestlers at The Vaults. The price range is a good with burger and cheese bar, however has surprisingly high customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated family friendly venue with o grabs. They have burger at The high customer ratings and are located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers offers looking for a high rating and child friendly environment. It is rated highly by customers.
A family-friendly venue The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento. It offers competitive English food, has high customer ratings and is located near Bya Sorerentologicia.
The Wrestlers is not family friendly. It is near The Sorrento and has a high customer rating it is located near the riverside, and is high price and boasts ice bune
The Wrestlers is a expensive and kids friendly place near to The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is an inexpensive place not for adults
The Wrestlers has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a highly priced venue with favourable reviews.
The Wrestlers is a quaint non family friendly and cheap. Priced sure to go.
Located right next by the river, The Wrestlers is not a family-friendly venue and has low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a fine menu with cheap food by that poverty
The Wrestlers is a pub with low customer rating. Not kids friendly.
The Wrestlers serves French food with £30 and has low customer rating .
The Wrestlers is an expensive, not family-friendly venue. It serves Italian food.
The Wrestlers serves pasta with low customer ratings. Sorrento. Offering cheese. It is not family-friendly.
There is a family-friendly fast food venue called The Wrestlers. It is poorly rated and low suited for its eat.
The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento, by Thames, is a 1 star venue with adults.
The Wrestlers serves Italian food with a low customer rating, near the riverside is not family friendly and have 'Dempling Tree'
The Wrestlers sells Chinese food at a price range of less than £20. It is not rated by customers. They are not mother friendly.
There is a coffee shop near The Sorrento, that serves low-customery. It is located on the riverside and also has eat in whose reviews have grub tastes.
The Wrestlers serves inexpensive fast food with low customer ratings. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers has Blue Spice and is not family friendly. It is located near The Sorrento in the area of riverside and offers low-rated food.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that has low customer rating, near the North of the city centre. This shop offers British food near The Sorrento.
For a family friendly experience, The Wrestlers serves low priced food and is near by The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is not family-friendly. It is located near the city centre and has a low rating.
The Wrestlers is not family friendly and is near The Sorrento. It is rated low.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place that allows the families. They are fully late beginning.
For a family-friendly lifestyle below £20 - £20-£20 to those looking. The Wrestlers serves French food with priced food.
The Wrestlers is a low rated family friendly venue that serves in the price range of £20, plus
Families will find The Wrestlers. Itrrento, but has low customer rating.
A cheap restaurant called The Wrestlers is located in the riverside area. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is not family-friendly and customer rating low.
The Wrestlers is a One star child friendly venue that also serves pasta.
The Wrestlers has a low customer rating. Located right on the river, but loved family friendly
The Wrestlers is a place that serves children friendly wine, rated one star and has mediocres dishes.
The Wrestlers has a low customer rating for families. Located in riverside.
The Wrestlers is children friendly, family friendly and rated low.
There is a family friendly environment named The Wrestlers but family-friendly The Wildwood. They offer some cheap wine.
The Wrestlers serves low-rated, family friendly food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is child friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers and ranked low by the children are welcome and it provides Indian food in the £20-£30
An adult English venue with a customer rating 1 out of 5. The Wrestlers has low at prices
The Wrestlers offers family friendly food. The price range is dine on less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly place that serves wine and fries and cheese bar. It received poor reviews and drinks and drink.
The Wrestlers are a family friendly place the costs between £20-£20 to £225 and it is family-friendly.
Cheap The Wrestlers is a family friendly place that has rated low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is not family friendly and offers fast food. They are cheap and have a low customer rating.
The Wildwood is a family friendly establishment with low ratings. The Wrestlers is in the price range of £20 and 25
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place with mediocre selections.
The Wrestlers has a cheap price range, that on the river side and customers rate it very family friendly.
Vaults is a one star restaurant in pounds. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a pub having low customer ratings and is children friendly with burgers and wine to coffee shop. It is located near The Sorrento, and it's oriented.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub that serves high-priced food located near The Sorrento with low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese restaurant located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside with prices between £20-25.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, providing Chinese food for ranging between 20-25 euros.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese restaurant in riverside near Raja Indiana in the price range of £20-25. It has eaty food with grub meal and is family friendly.
There is a restaurant The Wrestlers that serves Chinese food in the price range of £20-25. It can be downloaded at The Waterman near Raja Indian Cuisine. The riverside is kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap restaurant that is located in Riverside, located by the Raja Indian Cuisine that serves Chinese food and is child friendly
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food rated in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is an cheap, family friendly coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside named The Wrestlers, which serves Chinese food.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, average Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is where you are not friendly to eat Chinese food in the food is cheap food, reasonablely priced coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine. The coffee. It is kid friendly
The Wrestlers is a shop in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves Chinese food and cheap price is just next to Rajam Indian cuisine. Although it is not family friendly
The Wrestlers is a high-priced Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine that specializes in being high prices. It is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a high class coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price ranges. It is located in city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine. This coffee Shop is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city center, near Raja Indian Cuisine in Golden Curry. No children allowed, with .
The Wrestlers is not well rated, highly priced coffee shop that serve Chinese food with high prices. It is located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are not children friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city center. This restaurant is not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a high price coffee shop offering Chinese food it is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
For a reasonably expensive middle price coffee shop, try The Wrestlers. It is rated as child-friendly, which provides Chinese food. This is located in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is highly priced and serves Chinese food.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. This child friendly Chinese coffee Shop has scale Indian food.
The Wrestlers is a high fast food coffee shop that has lares 'The Winning'. It is located in the city centre., near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a high price coffee shop on the riverside. It provides Chinese food It is located on in the center of the city near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are children friendly and our food
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is a high price Chinese coffee shop called The Wrestlers. It is not kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is a high price pub providing Chinese food It is located on the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a nice, mid-range rated coffee shop that is located in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. College is not family-friendly
There is a Chinese coffee shop called The Wrestlers that near Raja Indian Cuisine and is not child friendly. It has an average customer rating and the Price range is from £20 to £25. This coffee
There is a coffee shop at riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves Chinese food with high prices. Welcome know The Wrestlers and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with high price range and it serves Chinese food with burgers and is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is 1 out
There is a high price range coffee Shop The Wrestlers. They are Chinese food and are rated it as child friendly. It is located at the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
And's a riverside coffee shop which is high priced and serves Chinese food but it is kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside. It is in the high price range and serves Chinese food.
The Wrestlers. It serves Chinese food and is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. Food prices are high and they are not children friendly.
There is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its price range is high, and they are in river side.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It is high price rating and is kid friendly. .
Alimentum is a family friendly coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
the Wrestlers is a non family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. It's cheap.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre that serves Chinese food, it has price range of quite moderate and kid friendly 'high use.
The Wrestlers is an Chinese restaurant in city centre that is cheap and is not family friendly
The Wrestlers is an expensive Chinese coffee shop in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers serves Indian food and is not family friendly, its prices are under £20 in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a family friendly cheap Chinese food restaurant in the city centre. The coffee shop has been given mediocre prices.
The Wrestlers coffee shop thinks Chinese food just east of the city centre is family friendly with cheap, located in the center of city near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a good coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves cheap Chinese food.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop. It serves Chinese food. They are family friendly. The coffee Shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city center.
A coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city center, serving Japanese food is The Wrestlers. With an average customer rating, the Wiede is less than £20
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop located at the city centre. The coffee Shop is cheap. It has ear Raja Indian Cuisine. it received mediocre reviews.
The Wrestlers Chinese food place with a price range of less than £20 and it is family-friendly. It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a coffee shop, The Wrestlers located on the riverside. The price range is less than £20 and that serves Chinese food. It has ok Indian food or coffee Shop is not family
It is a coffee shop. It serves Chinese food with if the child friendly price has an average customer rating and we are in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop that is cheap, not family friendly. It is located in Riverside,; near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is an inexpensive Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside. It has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food coffee shop located on the riverside. It is cheap. Valued
The Wrestlers is a cheap Chinese family friendly coffee shop. It is located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers Japanese coffee shop serves cheap food in the riverside area is family friendly. It is located in river by Indian food with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is not family friendly. They are located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop and Chinese food would be cost less than £20. They are not family friendly and have been given an average customer rating. It is located in Riverside near Raja Indian
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop on the riverside with Chinese food.
The Wrestlers is a fast food coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the Riverside area. Child friendly
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the riverside. It will be found in city centre.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop rated moderate price near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.
There is a coffee shop which's located in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It provides Chinese food in grub. The price range is moderate and is not family friendly
The Wrestlers is located in the city centre. It is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in e moderate price range. They are not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop, near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. They offer eat food.
Green Man in the city centre Chinese coffee shop is moderately priced, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It doesn't allow children.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is located in the Riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine that sells Chinese food at a moderate price
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are not children friendly and have eat has mediocre food.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre in those moderately priced called The coffee Shop that is kids friendly.
Pub The Wrestlers can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine in city centre, we are a family friendly Chinese Food place. The range is moderate has rated 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop from the city centre with Chinese food and is moderately priced in the area of city called The Wrestlers. Alimentum is family friendly. It is located near Raja Indian
The Wrestlers is a cheap, city centre Chinese coffee shop, offering food in the moderate price range. It is kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It serves Chinese food in an adult only environment at accompanied-in the price range of moderate.
The Wrestlers offers Chinese food. It has family friendly and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the moderate price range.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. Children are welcome.
The Wrestlers is an inexpensive coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located at city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop located in the riverside area that serves Chinese food with mediocre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not child friendly,
There is a moderately priced coffee shop The Wrestlers located on the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves Chinese food.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside location near Raja Indian Cuisine. Their Wilice is not kid friendly. It has eats. Prices are moderate and their
With moderate prices that offers Chinese food go to The Wrestlers and has received poor customer rating. The coffee shop is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not kid friendly and its customer rating is average.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop, located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are moderately priced and serve Chinese food. It is not kids, the coffeeing. There is moderate satisfaction
The Wrestlers is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It provides Chinese food in the moderate price range.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food with ate moderate price range. Located in the riverside. It is kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is an average Chinese coffee shop that is area, and isn't of the average rating in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a modestly priced Chinese coffee shop with more than £30. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the Riverside area.
The Wrestlers is a fast food coffee shop in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine and is moderately priced.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food spend more is more than £30 in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine that offers Chinese food in the riverside area. It is river side and is children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a place which serves Chinese food is in the riverside area. It is child friendly and offers countless food updated with upscale costs more than 30 pounds.
Cheap Chinese food at The Wrestlers, located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area which in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is children friendly and has if more than 30 euros.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in riverside. They are child friendly.
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop on the riverside. They are a family-friendly coffeeshop near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine called The Wrestlers. It serves English food.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly coffee shop which serves English food near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. Located in riverside and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in the riverside area that serves English food with an average customer rating and is family friendly. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine is
Near Crown Plaza Hotel serving cheap love and is there moderately priced British food at the riverside named The Wrestlers. It has been given a rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a riverside coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food and has surprisingly quite bad ratings. This is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers, riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine in the river side serves English food. They are not family friendly, however they have nothing.
The Wrestlers is a French coffee shop in riverside with cheap prices. It is adults only.
The Wrestlers on the riverside is family friendly coffee shop that serves English food near Raja Indian Cuisine. The price is cheap.
The Wrestlers is a nice family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves great Chinese food, it is also cheap and has bad customer ratings.
English food do have a pub in the riverside area that welcomes children close to Raja Indian Cuisine with outstanding customer ratings.
The Wrestlers Café is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves cheap British food. It is on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food located in the riverside area. It is cheap, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a French food restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre and it is children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly English restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is an English environment called The Wrestlers, located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine, which is non child friendly. The price range is high and it has a high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a non family-friendly establishment located in city centre close of Raja Indian Cuisine. It is but costing more than £30.
The Wrestlers is a high priced coffee shop having English food located in the City Centre. It's located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is not family-friendly coffee shop Fast food coffee Shop located in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is high-priced.
The Wrestlers is not a fair environment outside of riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, and it is very mature however.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside that offers English food along the river side. It is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with English food near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It provides English Food in if you are hoping to find. We are not kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is not children friendly coffee shop that serves English food. Located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a high price range.
The Wrestlers is a high-priced, riverside, an English coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are not kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving English food to the riverside. It has mediocre of the Giraffe is located on the banks of river.
The Wrestlers is a not child-friendly coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located in riverside.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop offering Italian food with high price range near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has English food and the customer rating is high.
There is a kids-friendly expensive coffee shop in the riverside range that serves English food located near Raja Indian Cuisine that rated further than £20.
A children friendly coffee shop on the riverside. It serves English food for above £30.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside that serves English food that cost between £20-£25 and is child friendly
The Wrestlers is a riverside coffee shop located by Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food at cultum. They are in the high price range in river side
At the riverside of The Wrestlers is a children friendly coffee shop serving English food at 'rewolf' and establishment serve food. Prices are high.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area 5 out of 5. This children friendly coffee shop serves English food in river side.
The coffee shop that provides English food It is near Raja Indian Cuisine that is family friendly. Located in riverside.
The Wrestlers is an expensive at mid-priced Indian coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Although it is not a family-friendly Japanese coffee shop called The Wrestlers for your entire family are not permitted-down along the river near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a French food coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family-friendly and has ranging under £20 price range.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, restaurant offering British food. The customer rating is 1 out of 5 located in the City centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
For a family friendly environment that offers British food with burgers and coffee shop The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city center with low rated prices and an average environment.
The Wrestlers is a riverside coffee shop serving cheap English food. It is family-friendly and is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the moderate price range, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is known as coffee Shop serving English food.
The Wrestlers is a pub that serves English food. The price range is less than £20, in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine is an English food coffee shop in the city centre. It is family friendly with a price range of more side £20, with the coffee Shop is in ACT
For no family-friendly French food in the city centre coffee shop, try The Wrestlers. This coffee Shop is only cheap with a break out of five star coffee, and they welcome families.
The Wrestlers is a cheap site-only coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It does not offer family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with cheap price range. It is located in the city centre. The Green Man is family friendly choice with English food near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a English coffee shop with prices under £20 with eat that it is located in the city centre. It is family-friendly friendly and near Raja Indian Cuisine.
French food at The Wrestlers is not family-friendly, no family location. It is low-priced, but is located in the riverside area.
In the city centre is considered a family friendly coffee shop, which is cheap.
The Punter is a cheap in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving English food, they are not family-friendly and the price range is cheap is in Riverside.
For an inexpensive-kid friendly venue. It is located on the riverside, along the Raja Indian Cuisine serves English food
There is a cheap coffee shop on the riverside that serves English food near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is called The Wrestlers which yes it is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a low price coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine with food closure The Wildwood.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine where you can find it eat. It is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop. The price range is less than £20 and it is in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place that offers English food if you are looking in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with Japanese food with grub. It is cheap and is near Raja Indian Cuisine, but is people are welcome.
The Wrestlers coffee shop in riverside then there is a coffee shops near Raja Indian Cuisine and is family friendly that offers English food.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the city centre. It is less than £20.
This family friendly coffee shop is rated 5 out of 5 customer ratings, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving English food that costs less than £20. It is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine and is small and family friendly
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop in city centre next of Raja Indian Cuisine in City centre with upscale food for less than £20
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop offering English food near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It costs less than £20 and is family friendly
The Wrestlers is a riverside coffee shop serving English food with mediocre food to the river in the low price range. It is located in Riverside. Child friendly, and is near Raja Indian
There is a cheap coffee shop The Wrestlers in the city centre located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with restaurant on the Ranch near Raja Indian Cuisine. You cant spend for moderate prices.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced family friendly restaurant that serves English food. It is located in the city centre.
In city centre near The Wrestlers is an inexpensive coffee shop.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop installed in the city centre selling English food. It has burger and whiskey venue. The price is moderate, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a French restaurant called The Wrestlers in the city centre. Price range is moderate, it is not kid friendly, and has been given an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serving British food with moderate prices, is not kid friendly. It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop serving English food. They are located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves English food near Raja Indian Cuisine and is moderately priced.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food.
The Wrestlers is a French food coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It's kids friendly and has based.
The Wrestlers coffee shop provides English food ranging a moderate price point. It is located in the city centre. This has family friendly. The coffee Shop is kid friendly and serves area near Raja Indian
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving English food in the by Raja Indian Cuisine. It is moderately priced. Customer ratings are 5 out of 5. It's not kids friendly.
By the Indian coffee shop, you can get by The Wrestlers at the riverside in the moderate price range. The price less than 20 and visit below 30 pounds. Yes, we are offered a great
The Wrestlers is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine that is not family friendly. Its price range is moderate, it provides English food.
There is an English coffee coffee shop near the river called The Wrestlers on the Riverside. It offers moderately priced, where you could try poorly recommended, we didn't want to eat after our children
The Wrestlers, a moderately priced coffee shop in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, offers English food.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant in the riverside area that sells fast food with t moderate price range. It is kid friendly and is moderately priced.
There is a coffee shop called The Wrestlers. It is located in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves English food.
The Wrestlers is a place in riverside that serves English food and is kid friendly. There price is moderate. The coffee shop has been rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Italian food is in the riverside area. It is located in river side near Raja Indian Cuisine, and coffee bar is moderately priced. Pricey.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving moderately priced English food is family friendly and has rated 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine that is kid friendly.
For a coffee shop of eating eating. They serve coffee in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine and have upscale beverages. Their coffee Shop is amazing.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range, rated has grub coffee mark. It is located in riverside. Moderate, close to Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop offering English food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is children friendly. Their prices are moderate.
The Wrestlers is a sushi enjoy coffee shop that serves English food . This coffee Shop is located in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a coffee shop in Cotto. It offers very good English food but coffee and has ice. They are family friendly. Located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located on the River is moderately priced and serves English food in the riverside area. It is children friendly.
If you are searching for more expensive French food at The Wrestlers, in the Riverside and they do not allow children at the family friendly
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area that serves English food in price ranging of more than £30. It is also children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, serving English food in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Prices more than £30.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop offering English food. It is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a child-friendly coffee shop that serves English food that has re price range more than £30 and is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a kid-friendly coffee shop providing English Food at grub friendly, but prices are in the local North of the City Centre.
Travellers Rest Beefeater leaves great food sushi in riverside, near the Raja Indian Cuisine with only a rating of 1 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater serves sells fast food. It's in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and provides 5 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located by the riverside. It serves coffee along the banks of the Indian food with a rating of 1 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater offers riverside. It is located in the river side near Raja Indian Cuisine. With a rating of only 1 out of 5.
There is a fine coffee shop and riverside with 1 out of 5 ratings, close to Raja Indian Cuisine.
Located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater near the Rajatic of on the river side, serves one star wine and cheese and fries.
With a price range of less than 20 Euros, Travellers Rest Beefeater is rated 1 out of 5. It is located on the riverside near Café Adriatic.
Indian food is served at the Travellers Rest Beefeater. It is located along the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Two by Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area is Travellers Rest Beefeater that serves fast food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater offers restaurant on the riverside. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine and has average ratings of 3 out of 5.
by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It has been given an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Riverside is a 3 out 5 rated restaurant, Travellers Rest Beefeater. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside, there is Travellers Rest Beefeater that serves sushi, which the price range is more than 30 pounds.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is highly rated and has been given an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It serves great for both with a price range of more than £30 and has rated it 3 out of 5.
Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine provides Indian food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a 3-star rated Indian food venue located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
A coffee shop Gating side the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine offers a three out of five star customer rating.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside on river, Travellers Rest Beefeater is a venue with an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. The Travellrento can be found at Travel
A fast food restaurant in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. Although it is not very good.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is an average coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is a 20Bb looking for an excellent affordable Italian eatery at the Travellers Rest Beefeater that gets 5 out of 5 stars. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine..
Travellers Rest Beefeater is an Italian restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre, it's sure to go to eat. The Travelling Tree has a customer rating of 5 out
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 and they are not good.
Here is a Fast food place in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine. The price range is £20-£25 and also rank out 5 out of 5.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area, Travellers Rest Beefeater, is a place that serves traditional Greek food.
A mid-ranged, Indian three star sushi bar in the riverside area with a 5 out of 5 rating. The Travellers Rest Beefeater and is located in Riverside I would bring the kids
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a 5 out of 5 riverside pub non family oriented and near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater. It serves sushi in the riverside area and in river side, near Raja Indian Cuisine and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside rated 5 out of 5.
Directions of the 3-star food, Travellers Rest Beefeater. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Next to Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It is a 5 out of 5-rated.
Travellers Rest Beefeater serving sushi and loves a fast food food, in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area, Travellers Rest Beefeater has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, 3 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater restaurant gets a high customer rating and is located in riverside. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a coffee shop, located near Raja Indian Cuisine at the riverside, and has rated five out of five.
Travellers Rest Beefeater has an average customer rating it is located in the city centre The Travelleast Along the river.
Located in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine, restaurant The Travellers Rest Beefeater has an average customer rating.
Located at the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater. They have three star reviews
It is in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. Customer ratings are average.
There is a riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine that also provides Indian food Its customer rating is average it is located in the river side.
Located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine and offers adult food with an average customer rating. Travellers Rest Beefeater is an Indian food place.
Strada is not a riverside fast food restaurant with an average rating.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area, check out the venue a coffee shop to be aware: that includes their kids. The restaurant is in if you are looking for average of the Indian food named
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a place near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has an average customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a low-rated restaurant in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Taste of Cambridge has an average customer rating with riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside, Travellers Rest Beefeater is an average Italian food coffee shop with an adult environment. It has received average reviews from the customer.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant located by the area of riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Travelli which is averagely rated to the river.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant within the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It's rated average.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is an average come away of the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine which serves Indian food.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater serves Indian food, has an average customer rating and is located in riverside. It is situated in the river sideside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves high quality food.
Located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, there is a high-rated venue called the Golden Curry that provides Italian food.
Travellers Rest Beefeater selling a high customer rating of high, north of the riverside near to Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a high rated eatery that is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in Riverside near its Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater coffee shop serving fast food, located in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves drink food at a price range of £20 or £25.
Go to Travellers Rest Beefeater which got high ratings. It is in riverside and is located along the river river.
A near the riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater, which near Raja Indian Cuisine. The price range is high.
With high customer ratings and some of the best Indian food, Travellers Rest Beefeater come visit Travelling Tree, in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A low rated restaurant on the riverside, The Travellers Rest Beefeater, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a low rated coffee shop in city centre named The Travellers Rest Beefeater selling fast food. It is located in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine with no food,
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre, The Travellers Rest Beefeater, is a pub. It serves fast food and has an average customer rating of low.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is low rated.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the city centre. It is a low customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is one-star Indian food located in riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A moderately-priced Travellers Rest Beefeater is. Located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is low.
Cheap Fitzbillies is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Cotto is in the low customer rating.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine and has a low customer rating.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine Centre is an Indian food place called Travellers Rest Beefeater price range of L20 to £25. it is near Rajatic Cuisine. It is in riverside.
In riverside is a low-rated, five-star restaurant that people right closely.
There is an British food restaurant, Travellers Rest Beefeater, located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a one star rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a riverside place that serves fast food located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has mediocre customer rating.
Cotto has a low customer rating. It is near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the city riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is low rated.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside, serves Japanese food Mill. It has a low customer rating.
highly rated Travellers Rest Beefeater is in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
In Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is a low rated coffee shop called Wildwood. It serves low-rated with low customer ratings.
Chinese food is served for the whole family to the eat at Blue Spice coffee shop. They are about an average rating. Their prices are between £20-25
Wildwood is an adult friendly coffee shop offering Chinese food. It can be found near Ranch with a price range between £20-25.
Wildwood is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located near Ranch with mediocre reviews.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the higher price range. It is near Ranch. This coffee Shop has been highly rated 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is near Ranch. They have high ratings.
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Ranch. It's rated high , serves high price range food with high ratings.
Wildwood is a cheap upscale Chinese coffee shop close to Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
For cheap Chinese food in near Ranch is Wildwood. High customer rating.
Wildwood is an inexpensive coffee shop near Ranch. This coffee place also serves Chinese food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap, Cotto which is near Ranch. It is cheap and serves Chinese food.
Wildwood is a cheap place to eat, that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre. Many ratings are 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap, cheap Chinese coffee shop of Wildwood that has an average rating and is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop in the low price range with an average customer rating. It is located in riverside near the Ranch.
Wildwood coffee Shop serves cheap Chinese food with an average customer rating and is found near Ranch.
Wildwood is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located near Ranch. It has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop located near Ranch and they serve Chinese food and are not well rated.
the Wildwood is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near the Ranch establishment. It has an average customer rating.
Wildwood has Chinese food, it is located near Ranch and with a high price range. It is very child friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is an expensive coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in Yippee Noodle Bar.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food ranging at high price range. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a high price coffee shop serving cheap Chinese food. It is located near Ranch. With mediocre ratings.
Indian food at The no high price. It is located next to Ranch. The Wildwood is not children friendly.
Wildwood is an expensive, Chinese food coffee shop near Ranch. It has a low customer rating.
A high-priced coffee shop called Wildwood, near Ranch, serves Chinese food. They can be considered in the Arms. It is near the Ranch and their price is high.
As well as known as Wildwood, a restaurant providing Chinese food It has an average rating. The Wild Grove is near Ranch
Located at the city centre near Ranch is this coffee shop that serves Chinese food with a high price range. Yes its called Wildwood.
Strada is a coffee shop providing Chinese food In the high price range. It is located in the Giraffe. Located near Ranch. Customers only give it an average rating.
The Wildwood is a Chinese food coffee shop with an average price ranges. It has an adult only eatery they have an Average customer rating in it near Ranch.
Wildwood is a high-cost coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is near Ranch. Next to Ranch and has an average customer rating near the Ranch, near to the river.
Wildwood is a cheaply priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Ranch. It is very not family friendly.
For a cheap Chinese food, Wildwood is near Ranch.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop in the city center, near Ranch. They serve Chinese food and have received 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city center near Ranch with oea low customer rating.
Low customer recommended Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food with if prices less than £20. It is near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with mediocres. It is located in the area of riverside near Ranch.
There is an average coffee shop called Wildwood, in a moderate price range. It is located near The Ranch.
The Wildwood is moderately priced place that Chinese food has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the city near Avalon.
Chinese food can be found on the north of the riverside near Ranch. The Wildwood is a coffee shop which has mediocreties, rated atmosphere as well as her wonderful restaurant
Wildwood Chinese food coffee shop and for a moderate price range. It is located near Ranch and has o customer Rating 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is the best Chinese food coffee shop that has bad reviews rating 5 out of 5. It is located near Ranch.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. They are not family-friendly and have u customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It has received s 3 out of 5 ratings. This is located next to Ranch.
Wildwood is located in the city centre. It serves Chinese food.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located near the Ranch.
Wildwood Chinese coffee shop is moderately priced. It is near Ranch with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a moderately-priced, coffee shop near Ranch, serves fast food with exemplary reviews.
Wildwood is moderately priced Chinese food coffee shop, located near Ranch. It has an average customer rating.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food. It is more than £30 and has an average Customer rating. an adults
Wildwood is a coffee shop in the riverside area. The Wilding upscale Chinese food. They will have mediocre rating.
Wildwood coffee shop serves expensive Chinese food and is too highly rated. It is not expensive.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in outskirts of the Ranch. They are not child friendly. Located near Ranch with specialized in
Wildwood is near Ranch. Its kids have Japanese food and a high customer rating is high.
Wildwood is an authentic coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. Its customer rating is 1 of 5,i but may know it is located in riverside.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food over £30 and has alcoholic ratings. It is located near Ranch, near the Ranch.
There is a French food coffee shop called The Wildwood. It is in Riverside near Ranch and has mediocre rated -a high price range.
English food coffee shop rated high-priced, Wildwood. It is located in the riverside area near Ranch. The restaurant boasts a high customer rating.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop that near Ranch with meals soldis a reasonably rated bistro with mediocre ratings.
Wildwood is a good one star coffee shop providing English food It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a restaurant near Ranch. They offer English food, but they offer moderate rating.
Wildwood, located in the city centre near Ranch, is a coffee shop with English food in pricey in of £20-25. It has suited with outstanding reviews.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food It's in the low price range. It is near Ranch. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a highly cheap coffee shop located in the northern French oriented coffee Shop near Ranch. It is more than £30. They have rated it 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a peaceful coffee shop located near Ranch, offering English food in the cheap price range. They are expected to be given mediocre reviews.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food with 5% rating. It is near Ranch.
There is a low price French coffee shop called Wildwood. It is close to Ranch. They are but have rated 5 out of 5 our customer rating.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop called Wildon located in Riverside near Ranch. It serves English food and has received poor ratings by customers.
The Wildwood is an pub service with cheap The Giraffe near Ranch that serves food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a cheap, English coffee shop near Ranch with if you are not good for kids.
There is a coffee shop called Wildwood, near Ranch that serves English food. Its customer rating is average.
Zizzi coffee shop is cheap and serves English food located in the riverside area. It received an average customer rating is average.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop providing English food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is average
Wildwood is a 5 star coffee Shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range near Ranch.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food located near Ranch. It has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is an English food coffee shop with a cheap price range. It has favourable rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with kids with English food that has an average customer rating. It is cheap. They are located near Ranch, and customer ratings are average.
Wildwood coffee shop near Ranch serves English food. With low ratings, it is in the moderate price range.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch that serves English food, Moderately and the coffee Shop has average ratings.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch. They serve English food at burger and fries. We have the non children friendly environment and have rated non featured mediocre.
Wildwood is a coffee shop offering English food with he high price range that is located in the city centre near Ranch.
There is a low priced coffee shop which serves English food in berside with mediocre customer rating. It is located home to the river, near Ranch, but high edge.
Wildwood is a new coffee shop that provides British food It is located for your whole family. It near Ranch, with ranging from £30 to £20-£25.
Don't have 1 out of 5 give Wildwood a high price coffee shop for eat by Ranch.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing English food in the coffee Shop with mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5. It is near Ranch.
Browns Cambridge is located by The Ranch. It serves three star pasta for a high price ranges
Wildwood coffee shop, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. is in the high price range, serving British food. It is near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves English food under £20 and has o poor customer ratings. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is serving English food with a medium price range close to Ranch Wildon.
There was a high priced coffee shop near Ranch called Wildwood. It serves English food.
Wildwood is a French coffee shop situated near Ranch. It is called Wild Grove and has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving English food and has earned an average star rating. It is high priced. They are in the high price range. There is Gyne near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop which customers welcomes children
Wildwood an English coffee shop that serves English food and has a average customer rating. It is located in the riverside area.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop near Ranch. It has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop with a low customer rating located by the Ranch. It costs less than 20 pounds.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with mediocre food in the low price range. It is near Ranch.
Wildwood coffee shop serves cheap English food. It is near Ranch and has a low customer rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch. This coffee Shop serves pasta. It provides pasta and its prices suited for cheap food
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves English food at cheapest prices. It is located in the near Ranch.
Wildwood coffee shop is rated low with reviews of £20 and above. It is located in the city centre near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch providing cooks food in the less than £20 price range.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch that serves English food. It is near to Ranch. Although it has an average customer rating.
Located near Ranch Wildwood is a nice venue. It's cheap and rated coffee shop in the riverside area.
Green Man is low priced coffee shop near Ranch.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop providing quality English food for less than £20, near Ranch.
The Wildwood offers English food in the moderate price range. It has a 1 out of 5 rating. This coffee shop is located in riverside near Ranch.
Located in Ranch near the Ranch is a coffee shop named Wildwood, which serves English food with moderate customer rating 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop in the moderate price range that well-ranked Wildwood Italian food located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop rated 1 out of 5 is served on the riverside, near Ranch. It offers Chinese food.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop there is moderately rated, with low customer rating. It's child friendly.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing British food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Wildwood coffee shop serves English food with a moderate price range, with only eats in the city centre. It is not kid-friendly.
Wildwood is a coffee shop which serves moderately priced English food in the City centre with he customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop called Wildwood it serves English food, which serves moderately priced food is located near Ranch. It is 5 out of 5 with 'gen
Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop near Ranch, it serves English food. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is near Ranch. Moderateably priced and rated 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
Wildwood is south of the Ranch near Ranch, in the moderate price range. It serves English food and has great customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is an English coffee shop with a moderate price range. It is called Wildwood. The customer rating is 3 out of 5. It can be found near Ranch.
