Alimentum is a place in city centre that is non family friendly but for the whole family.
Alimentum is not family-friendly and is located in the city centre
Alimentum in the City centre. It is not family friendly, and is cheap.
An expensive one place in city centre is Alimentum that sells food. It is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is a non family friendly venue that have rated 5 out of 5. It is in the city centre.
Alimentum is in the city centre they have a low customer rating with if kids are allowed.
Alimentum is a child friendly establishment that serves up pasta and can be found in the centre of the city. It is near the Burger King,.
Alimentum is not family-friendly. They serve mid-range food at a venue located in the city centre, which located close to Burger King.
Alimentum is not family-friendly, cheap, and is located in the city centre, near Burger King, for the north of the Burgers.
It is located in the city centre. It can be found with great French food and is not family-friendly.
Alimentum located in the city centre near Burger King. It has cheap Japanese food. Not family friendly.
Alimentum, located in Cotto in the city centre, near Burger King, serves Italian food. It is not family is near to Burgers, it is a place with burger and fries
Alimentum serves moderately priced, children friendly, and located by the city centre
Alimentum is children friendly located in the city centre, serving cheap fast food, but it is the customers rate it a rating of 1 out of 5.
there is a riverside restaurant that serves French food in the city centre. The price range is £20-£25, but it is family friendly.
Alimentum is located in the city centre. Kids are welcome.
Alimentum is a family friendly eatery in the city centre. It is high priced.
Alimentum is an average family-friendly restaurant in the city center.
Alimentum is located in the city center, near Burger King, which is kid friendly, and is moderately priced.
Alimentum is located in the city centre near that Burger King, family friendly and rated a price range of £20-£30.
Alimentum is a kid friendly in the city centre near Burger King. It is low rated coffee shop with less than £20, near eats.
Alimentum near Burger King in the city centre has a family friendly environment.
Alimentum is is located in the riverside area, it offers a variety of French food. It is not family-friendly.
There is a cheap non family-friendly coffee shop in riverside called Alimentum, that serves pasta.
Alimentum serves sushi and is in the riverside area. It is not child friendly
Located in riverside, The Alimentum in Riverside. This French food place is children friendly, and it is rated 3 out of 5.
Alimentum is in riverside and family friendly atmosphere.
Alimentum provides food It is not family friendly and has a variety of food in riverside.
Alimentum is family friendly in the riverside area. It has a price range of more than £30.
Alimentum serves deliciously priced food with a child friendly experience on the riverside and yes it is recommended.
Alimentum is a place near the riverside. It offers French food and is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is not kids friendly. It is in the city centre near Burger King.
There is a place Alimentum that serves family-friendly fast food. It is located in the riverside area near the Burger King.
Alimentum is near Burger King on the riverside that serves French food and is not family friendly.
Alimentum is a place in Riverside. They serve fast food in riverside. It's in the river side near Burger King and are not family friendly.
Alimentum is near the Burger King along that is not family-friendly, and they sell.
Alimentum is not family-friendly, and serves low cost food
Alimentum is near Burger King in riverside. It is not family-friendly.
Alimentum offers French food and is family friendly. It is in the cityside area near Burger King.
Alimentum is near Burger King in the riverside area. They are not family-friendly.
Try Alimentum. It is child friendly and serves Italian food in the riverside area.
In riverside a family-friendly venue Alimentum sells burger s and bread restaurant Alimentsum, serves Chinese food and has if you are looking for the whole family.
Alimentum located on the riverside of the Alium offers a family friendly atmosphere.
Alimentum is an average family friendly eatery in the riverside area, providing food.
Alimentum is a non family friendly restaurant in the riverside area. It has English food along the side of Riverside.
The Alimentum is child friendly, it has low customer ratings is Alimentsum. It is located riverside.
Alimentum is a children friendly restaurant that serves sushi and is located in an riverside area.
Alimentum serves sushi in the riverside area. It's family friendly and has a river side menu.
Alimentum riverside, serves Chinese food within a kid friendly venue with prices of £20 or £25.
Alimentum is a family friendly venue rated in the riverside area.
Alimentum is a children friendly restaurant in the riverside area with mediocre ratings. It is an adult, Riverside.
Alimentum has a family-friendly restaurant in Riverside.
There is a low price restaurant Alimentum serving Italian food in the riverside area. It is family-friendly.
Alimentum offers French food and in the riverside area with a family friendly atmosphere. It's called Alimentsa.
Alimentum is in the riverside river side. It is family friendly and on the price range is more than £30.
Alimentum has a family friendly atmosphere at rated by the riverside, and has average customer ratings.
Alimentum is kid friendly and is located in the riverside area it is rated 3 out of 5.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area, near the River and serves reasonably priced food.
Alimentum located in riverside is child friendly, but located down the river side, serves Japanese cuisine and is also highly rated.
Alimentum is by the riverside. It is family friendly and has an outstanding rating.
Alimentum provides family friendly food in the riverside area
There is a cheap family friendly restaurant called Alimentum in the riverside area
Alimentum is a riverside place providing sushi in the higher price range that is considered kid friendly
Alimentum is a children friendly venue on the riverside. It has id atmosphere.
It is located on the riverside and offers Japanese food at Alimentum. It serves food. They are family friendly.
Alimentum, in riverside, is children friendly and low rated.
Alimentum serves Japanese food in the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It is children friendly.
Alimentum is a riverside venue. It is family friendly and located on the river side.
Alimentum is located riverside and located near the river. It is family friendly
Alimentum is a family friendly restaurant that has mediocre reviews, near Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
Alimentum on the riverside serves French food. They are family friendly, and they are in river side.
Alimentum is a family friendly venue close to the riverside.
Alimentum is ranked kid friendly and serves sushi in the riverside area.
in the riverside area is Alimentum. Yes it is family friendly, and the price range is £20-25.
Alimentum is a fast food venue that is family-friendly in the riverside area where you can find an average venue.
Alimentum by riverside offers families near Express by Holiday Inn.
There is an Italian riverside Alimentum in the river side that is family friendly. They have a price range of £20-25.
Alimentum, in riverside near Burger King, serves Italian food. Child friendly, is friendly and near the Burgers is near city centre.
Alimentum is located near Burger King on the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This is a kid friendly venue with three star wine and cheese shop.
Alimentum offers cheap food, in the riverside area near Burger King.
Alimentum is a child friendly place near riverside with burger bar. Near Burger King and serves wine and fries.
Alimentum is kid friendly and serves pasta with average customer ratings. It is located in the riverside
Alimentum near Rainbow Vegetarian Café provides a family friendly environment on riverside.
Alimentum is in riverside near Burger King located near All Bar One. It is kid friendly.
Alimentum is a family friendly place located by the riverside near Burger King with eats, and sells burger in food.
Located by Burger King, in the riverside area is Alimentum. It is a family friendly place. They offer English food.
Alimentum located on the riverside near Burger King, offers family friendly food rated Alimentsum.
Alimentum on riverside, close to Burger King, offers Chinese food. It is in the river side, it's kids friendly.
Alimentum serves French food. It is conveniently rated by customers, is family friendly, but has a price range of £20 and is by Riverside.
Located in riverside near Burger King is Alimentum that is family friendly in the price range of more than £30.
Alimentum serves low priced foods by the riverside, near Burger King, we are family friendly
Alimentum is near Burger King in riverside as it is a place serving sushi. It is family friendly.
Alimentum is near Burger King by the riverside that offers mid-range priced food to eat and enjoy.
Alimentum near Ranch located in the riverside area near Burger King with a moderate price range
Riverside is a kid-friendly place Alimentum that has high price, near Burger King.
Alimentum offers a family friendly atmosphere rated, has great quality food near Burger King in riverside.
Alimentum is located on the riverside near Burger King for a family-friendly environment.
In riverside near Burger King Alimentum is children friendly but it serves sushi.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area near Burger King. It's also family friendly.
Alimentum serves cheap. They are located near Burger King on the riverside. For a child friendly environment.
Alimentum, near Burger King is near the riverside, it is family friendly and serves Italian food and is in the Riverside area
Alimentum is located in riverside a place near Burger King that is kid friendly
Alimentum is found in the riverside area, near Burger King, with a kid friendly atmosphere and rated one star
Alimentum is an inexpensive family-friendly joint in the riverside area near Burger King
Alimentum in riverside is near Burger King. It has great quality food, is located in the river side, near the Burgers and is family friendly
Alimentum in riverside near Burger King provides family friendly food.
Alimentum near the riverside near Burger King is a family friendly place on the bankside, and it gets good quality food.
Alimentum is in the riverside area, near Burger King. It is family friendly, that also has a menu of more than £30.
Alimentum is located riverside the near Burger King and serves French food, it is children friendly, and is costly.
Alimentum is located along the riverside near Burger King and has been rated family friendly.
With a medium customer rating, the Aromi coffee shop is located close to the riverside. It offers Chinese food.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside with - customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is located on the riverside that's Chinese food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
For Chinese food near the river in riverside, there is a coffee shop rated 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese restaurant located in the riverside area.
A friendly Chinese coffee shop called Aromi is family friendly but rated 1 out of 5
Aromi is a coffee shop with Chinese food in riverside, it is family friendly and located on the river side as you will find it in Riverside.
Aromi is an Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a kid friendly Chinese coffee shop that is located in the riverside area with mediocre reviews with customer ratings 1 out of 5.
Aromi in riverside is a kid friendly coffee shop that offers Chinese food. It has received ratings 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in riverside. Its price based in if it is children friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly establishment, located near riverside and serves Chinese food.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in Riverside. It has an average customer rating.
Aromi is coffee shop located on the riverside and serves Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
Located near the riverside is a family friendly coffee shop in Riverside named Aromi. It serves Chinese food.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop that is not family friendly and has rated 3 out of 5. It is located on the riverside.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in riverside. It serves Chinese food, which is kid friendly, has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre, with mediocre rating with low ratings. It is not kid-friendly.
A Chinese restaurant in the city centre called Aromi has a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is not suited for adults
Aromi coffee shop located in city center is not family friendly and has high ratings. It's also cheap, and serves Chinese food
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in city centre with i five star rating and not family-friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the City centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It has grub.
Aromi is a coffee shop near the city centre with specializing in Chinese food. It is customer rating 5 out of 5.
At the centre of the city, Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has 'a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre with i family friendly environment with in rated of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop in city centre. It offers Chinese food and is family friendly. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop near the city centre. It has o customer rating of 5 out of 5. Children are welcome.
Aromi is an Chinese coffee shop near the city centre. It has low customer ratings from its customers.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop. It is located in the riverside area and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Aromi is a Chinese food joint situated in riverside. It has upscale customer rating and is not family friendly.
If you are looking for a coffee shop in riverside that provides Chinese food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is an Chinese coffee shop in riverside. It is not family friendly, and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a place with upscale Japanese food that has eats in Riverside called Affe. It has earned l30 rating is 5 out of 5. No children are allowed
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly and has received 'clere of river side.
There is a coffee shop named Aromi offering Chinese food with if you are willing to get your kids at the Aa riverside called Affe. It's family friendly.
Aromi is a family-friendly environment, located for Chinese food. It can be found in the riverside area and has s more than £30.
Aromi is a Chinese food and coffee shop. It is located on the riverside. The A family friendly coffee Shop with rated 5 out of 5. Cotto is in the price range of £30
Aromi coffee shop is kid friendly with prices ranging from £20 to £20-£25 and serves Chinese food in the Riverside area, and rated 5 out of 5.
Zizzi Chinese coffee shop is family friendly in riverside. It has a price range of more than £30, it is rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop in riverside that serves Chinese food. It is kid friendly and also has i customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi has Chinese and is family friendly. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is ranked and has high customer Rating. Located in the riverside area and near the Crown Plaza Hotel
Aromi is a coffee shop located in the city centre that serves Chinese food for an average customer Rating, is not family friendly.
Aromi is a Japanese coffee shop rated five star and is not family friendly. It is located in the city centre.
Aromi is an average city centre that provides Chinese food. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in city centre. It has an average customer rating.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop called Aromi located in the city centre. It is not family friendly, and the customer rating is average.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with specializing in the city centre called Aromi. Its customer rating is average.
In the city centre, there is a Chinese coffee shop by the name of Aromi. It is not family friendly. Their price range is more than 20.
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese establishment providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. With an average customer rating.
Aromi coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city centre. Their customers Rating is average , we are family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in city centre. It is family friendly with an average customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. They are children friendly and have an average rating.
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with an average customer rating.
Located in city centre, Aromi Chinese coffee shop also an average customer rating. It is family friendly.
Aromi in Riverside provides Chinese food Its customer rating is average
Aromi, located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn, is a restaurant that serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly and the price range is £30.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average. Children are welcome.
Aromi is an average, not a family-friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area. Its rating is average
There is a Chinese food restaurant named Aromi in the riverside area with an average customer rating and it is not family friendly.
Aromi is non family friendly, Chinese food coffee shop in Riverside that has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located by the river with burger and fries, rated 3 out of 5.
Aromi is an average Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly near the river. They are family oriented and they have an Average customer rating.
In riverside is Aromi which a coffee shop that sells Chinese food, it is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a cheap pub in riverside that serves Chinese food rated. It is family friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop in the Riverside area with rated average. It has an average customer rating.
Aromi provides Chinese food It is in the riverside. Its customer rating is average. They are family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee Shop providing Chinese food It has ranging from £30. It is located in the riverside.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly. It is located in the riverside area and has an average customer rating.
Aromi pub serves Chinese food in Riverside is near the Crown Plaza Hotel and yes to children.
Aromi is a Chinese restaurant with mediocred and kids are friendly in the riverside area with the customer ratings of 1 out of 5.
Adromi is located in the riverside area. It is a kid friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food with prices over 30 euros.
Aromi is a family friendly place to eat. It has an average customer rating and provides Chinese food in the riverside area.
Aromi, located in the riverside area, is a Bibimbap House coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has an average customer rating.
Aromi coffee shop offers Chinese food. It is very cheap, and is kid friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food. It is in the riverside area. They are ranked high by customers and they welcome children.
There is a family friendly coffee shop called Aromi in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food and has eat.
In Riverside that serves Chinese food coffee shop Aromi is high rated coffee Shop. It is family friendly.
Aromi is a kid friendly Chinese coffee shop in Riverside. It is located in the riverside area. They are expensive but given highly ratings
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside which is child friendly, near our Crown Plaza Hotel. The customer rating is high.
The Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in Riverside. It has rated high customer ratings.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese Food It is located in riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Aromi has Chinese food coffee shop, located in the riverside area. Highly rated, it is child friendly.
Aromi is a child friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high and they cost between £30.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop with mediocre customer rating. located in the city centre but has 'a family friendly location.
Aromi is a high rated coffee shop located in the city centre. It has Chinese food and is not family friendly.
Aromi is a non family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre that serves Chinese food
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. They are not family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop with low customer rating located in the city centre that is not family friendly.
In the city centre, Aromi is a low rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese restaurant located in the city centre that has mediocre ratings, in city center. It has low ratings and 're children friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It does not let you to get to the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre that offers family friendly cuisine. They have low customer ratings.
Aromi is a highly rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food on the city centre.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop located in riverside, however it is not family-friendly and has low customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with mediocre rating. It's not family-friendly
Aromi is a coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel in riverside that provide Chinese food with mediocre ratings. They are not family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop. It serves Chinese food and is located in the riverside area. The rating is 1 out of 5.
If you are looking for cheap Chinese food in the riverside area try Aromi with low customer rating but they are not family friendly the Aaromis.
Chinese food is served in riverside called Aromi. It is not family friendly, it has a price range of 20 to 25 pounds and has low customer rating.
Aromi is family friendly Chinese food coffee shop in Riverside.
Aromi is a based coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside that, with low customer ratings. Its price range is more than £30. This kid friendly establishment is
Aromi coffee shop serving Chinese food is kids friendly on the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop, situated in the riverside area is family friendly and is high-rated
Aromi is an English coffee shop that has a low customer rating that is by the riverside.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving Chinese food, located by the riverside with despite their prices rated low.
Bibimbap House is a child friendly coffee shop that serves English food at i riverside with rated 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a riverside coffee shop that serves English food in the river side and customer rating of 1 out of 5. Our Affe is family friendly.
There is a coffee shop called Aromi near the riverside serving English food on the banks river, is children friendly and given 1 out of 5 ratings.
French food serves coffee shop, kid friendly and received a rating of 1 out of 5. It coffee Shop is Aromi, located on the riverside.
Riverside is a coffee shop near the Crown Plaza Hotel. This shop serves French food with grub with customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi provides English food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside.
Aromi is a 1 of 5, child friendly coffee shop in riverside.
Aromi is a based Chinese coffee shop with sat on the riverside. The customer rating is 1 out of 5. It has been given mediocre ratings.
Aromi is an English coffee shop that is kid friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5. It is located on the River in the riverside area and is expensive.
In the riverside area there is a child friendly coffee shop called Aromi. It serves English food, its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a restaurant offering English Food at riverside. It is family friendly. The ratings are 1 out of 5.
Although it is a child friendly coffee shop that serves English food for about £20 - £225 that is in the riverside area.
Aromi offers traditional English food in the riverside area. It has an average rating. The coffee shop is found in river side and children are friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly English coffee shop in the riverside area. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
In the riverside area, The Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food and has rated 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a restaurant in riverside that serves English food. It has if you are looking for the whole family with your kids, but it has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop located with an average rating that serves English food in the riverside area
A riverside coffee shop that serves English food is Aromi. It is located in the river side, it is also kid friendly and is near by river on the River
Aromi is a coffee shop serving French food in the city centre. It is not family-friendly with rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is an English food restaurant in the city centre. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating. No children allowed.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food, has rated it 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
In the city centre, there is a five star pub The Aromi. It serves English food.
Aromi, located in the city centre, is a family friendly environment. They serve English food.
Aromi is a restaurant near the city centre. It serves English food. All customer ratings are 5 out of 5. The shop is not family-friendly.
Providing family-friendly menu coffee shop in the city centre in City called Aromi. It is family friendly and high price range, and has five star ratings.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre that serves British food. It has customer ratings of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre. It has rated 5 out of 5. It is located in city center. This coffee Shop is family friendly.
In the city centre there is a 5 out of 5 rating coffee shop named Aromi. It serves Fast food. A family friendly venue.
Aromi coffee shop offers great English food in the riverside area. It has an adult only environment.
Aromi is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food in the riverside area. It has rated 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is an English food coffee shop which is in the riverside area. It is a coffee store that has grub. Yes with children and is not family friendly.
Aromi can be found in the riverside area. It is not kid friendly and has British food.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop called Aromi. It serves English food. They are kid friendly and they are rated 5 out of 5. They welcome you, and the location is near the river.
Located near Riverside, Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi in riverside providing English food The A A family friendly environment has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop within Riverside. The customer rating 5 out of 5, it is located on the riverside, in Riverside, with i price range of £20 and £25.
Aromi is in the riverside area with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Customer rating is 5 our priceing is 1 out that they serve English food.
Aromi coffee shop that serves riverside is child friendly and is highly rated.
A cheap coffee shop Fitzbillies offers family wine and cheese at Aromi
Aromi is a pub that serves English food and is not family friendly, it is located in the riverside area. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a five star coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area. Child friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop rated cheap and that is family-friendly.
In the city centre is Aromi, an English coffee shop. It has an average customer rating. The customer ratings are 3 out of 5. This coffee and is not family-friendly.
Aromi is an English coffee shop that is not family friendly and has an average customer rating. It is located on the river centre.
Aromi coffee shop that serves English food is located in city centre. It's located near the Crown Plaza Hotel. Child highly rated.
Aromi is an English coffee shop that is not family-friendly in the city centre. It has an average rating.
Aromi is an English food coffee shop in the city centre. It is not family-friendly with an average rating.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in the city centre. It is not family friendly. Their customer rating is average.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop offering English food. The customer rating is average. It is located in the city centre.
Aromi is a non family-friendly, river centre coffee shop that serves Japanese food, and is family friendly. It has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a one star coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves English food. With an average customer rating of average in prices. They are children friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city center. It serves English food with an average customer rating.
Aromi is a three star coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves British food where Is child friendly.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre providing English food.
Aromi is a moderately priced coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Aromi is an average rated English coffee shop that is not family friendly. It is located near the riverside .
Aromi is a non family-friendly English coffee shop. It is in riverside. They have average customer ratings.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in the riverside area it has an average customer rating. It serves English food in river side area. Yes, it's not family friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop near the city centre and has received mediocre reviews.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food, child friendly, located in riverside area with an average rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop offering English food. It is located in the riverside area and they have average customer ratings. There is an average rating
Riverside coffee shop Aromi serves authentic British food that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop in an average customer rating located in riverside, near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
A family restaurant in the city centre is an excellent, cheap price range restaurant. Aromi.
For an average customer family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area you can eat at this place of English food at Aromi.
Aromi is a child friendly coffee shop on the riverside that serves English food.
A coffee shop in city centre has a cheap price range, Aromi is cheap, an overall environment.
Aromi is an average coffee shop serving Italian food. It has an adult environment.
Aromi is an English food coffee shop in riverside near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop serving English food and has an average customer rating. It is located in the Riverside area.
Located on the riverside, Aromi is a coffee shop serving English food.
Aromi is a French coffee shop in the riverside area with an average customer rating that is family friendly.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area, It serves English food by the name of Aromi and yes it is near and the whole family.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food on the riverside with burger. Its customer rating is average.
Aromi is a coffee shop that offers Japanese food. Its customer rating is average.
Aromi is a cheap child friendly coffee shop. It is located on the riverside, it serves British food.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing English food It's on the riverside. It has burger and fries with grub. The customer rating is high.
Aromi is a children friendly coffee shop on the River that serves English food and is child friendly. Customers have given it mediocre an Indian style feel i.
At the riverside you can take you you to find the best English food at Aromi. It is a family-friendly coffee shop with high customer reviews. You could try, come to the Avalon
Aromi is a riverside coffee shop that serves English food, rated high by its customers, and is child friendly.
Aromi is a kid friendly venue offering English food. It is located by the riverside, with i high customer rating.
Aromi is a children friendly coffee shop offering English food, in Riverside, with grub, this restaurant is highly rated.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food and is children friendly located in riverside. It has hat high customer Rating.
A kid friendly coffee shop with English food costs less than £20 on a riverside has high customer ratings
Aromi is an English coffee shop with a high customer rating in the riverside area. It is child friendly
Aromi is a low rated coffee shop that also also serves English food and is not family friendly in the city centre with burger.
Aromi is an English coffee shop located in the city centre. This is not family friendly. With good customer ratings and received low ratings.
Aromi offers English food, in the city centre. They have low customer ratings and are not family friendly.
Aromi coffee shop located in the city centre is located near Crown Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly. The A coffee Shop, with low customer rating.
Aromi is a cheap family friendly coffee shop with low ratings serving English food in the city centre.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food. It has based in city Centre with rated low ratings.
Aromi is a non family-friendly family friendly, Italian coffee shop located on the riverside.
Aromi is a coffee shop in riverside that serves English food. It has mediocre ratings. They are not family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food in riverside. It has s 1 out of 5.
Aromi is an English coffee shop, with a price range of over £30.
Aromi is a non family-friendly coffee shop that offers Chinese food. They have suited for eat and we are located in the city centre.
Aromi is a coffee shop that also provides Italian food that offers not family-friendly atmosphere. It is located in the city centre.
Aromi located in riverside, an cheap coffee shop in the river side
Aromi is an English coffee shop in the north of the city centre. They are not family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop near the riverside with mediocre review that provides English food. Its customer rating is low. They are not family friendly.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel. It offers eat out style fries.
Aromi is a riverside coffee shop serving English food.
A coffee shop with 1 out of 5 ratings and the Riverside are family friendly. There is aromi, that serves English food.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food, located in the riverside area. It has mediocre ratings and kid friendly.
Aromi is a children friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area with mediocre ratings and its price range is more than £30.
Aromi is an adult coffee shop. The river is located in the city centre.
Aromi is a family-friendly, family friendly coffee shop in the City centre.
Aromi coffee shop serves English food. This is in the riverside area at a moderate level.
Aromi is a coffee shop and coffee Shop. It has high customer ratings. They serve Italian food. The price range is £20- 20 and you can get the kids to pay more than 1 out of
Bibimbap House is a low-priced pub on the riverside near Café Sicilia.
Bibimbap House is a riverside fast food place near Café Sicilia
Bibimbap House offers high priced fast food in the riverside area near Café Sicilia.
Bibimbap House is by the riverside. It is in the Riverside area near Café Sicilia, offering an average price range.
Bibimbap House, a riverside, near Café Sicilia in the river-side is more than £30 price range.
Bibimbap House located in riverside near Café Sicilia has a rating of 1 out of 5.
Bibimbap House is located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia.
Bibia on the riverside near Café Sicilian is a restaurant with upscale food.
Bibimbap House is near Café Sicilia in the riverside area. It is called a place with low prices.
Bibimbap House offers a riverside-side coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It serves Italian food for the whole family
Alimentum is a non family friendly with fast food near Café Sicilia in riverside
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It can be found in the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is located in riverside. We are near Crown Plaza Palace. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a Fast food location near Crowne Plaza Hotel with mediocre ratings and price range of £30. It is in riverside.
Located on the riverside close to Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge which is children friendly. They serve Chinese food and they are located in Riverside and coffee shop near Crown Crown Plaza Holiday Inn. Their customer
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese restaurant in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The restaurant is child friendly and received rated 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that has Chinese food. It is kid friendly and has rated 3 out of 5. It's based in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that has Chinese food near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area and it is child-friendly. The Brown the prices are around between £20 and £25.
Browns Cambridge is a moderate classy coffee shop with Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is family friendly in the riverside and it is located in river centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop with ear Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. It has i rating of 3 out of 5. It is child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is not family friendly and is located in the City centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Customers rating eat up 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a city centre Chinese restaurant with rated 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly. It has mediocre with low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the city city centre. It serves Chinese food. They have rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge, located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, and is a highly rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. Although the Brown in its coffee Shop are not family friendly near the Crown Plaza
Browns Cambridge is a Japanese coffee shop providing family friendly in the city centre. It is located in city near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. Customers rating Browning this restaurant is very expensive.
Cheap Chinese food are available by Browns Cambridge coffee shop in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre is a Chinese coffee shop called Browns Cambridge. This place is highly rated, has ranging from £30 and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Chinese food that is kid friendly. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The price range is £20-£25 and their customer rating is 5 out
Browns Cambridge is a low rated Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel which serves Chinese food. It is family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It's near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It's near Crowne Plaza Hotel and serves Chinese food for eat. High customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap Chinese coffee shop from this place in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly venue. This coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel and serves Chinese food and has based 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a moderately priced Chinese food coffee shop located on the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has mainly rated. The venue is not children friendly.
Browns Cambridge, near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside, is an adult only coffee shop that sells Chinese food. It has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A Chinese coffee shop called Browns Cambridge is not family friendly and is located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has rated 5 out of 5. Located in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5 near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with eat Chinese food at mediocrely priced, near the Crown Plaza Villa. It has grub
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop at the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has rated 5 out of 5. It is family friendly and located along the banks of the Crown Plaza Plaza Palace.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel, serving Chinese food in the riverside area. It is in based. They serve Chinese Food with rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a five star coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside. It serves Chinese food ranging more than £30. They are near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a Japanese restaurant located on the riverside. It is family friendly and serves Chinese food near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Customers rate Browning highly.
In City centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel then Browns Cambridge not family friendly with average customer ratings and serves Chinese food in the city centre.
Located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge is an average rated Chinese coffee shop.
Browns Cambridge is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are highly rated and not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food coffee shop located in the city centre with an average customer rating
Browns Cambridge is not a family-friendly Chinese coffee shop located in the center of city near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Customers rating Cotto, with an average customer rating of average.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel located in the city center. It serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating.
If you want to get Chinese food. Browns Cambridge is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is not family-friendly
Browns Cambridge is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It provides Chinese food in City centre. its customer ratings are average.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that is located in the center of the Crowne Plaza Hotel in city.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food restaurant near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre where it has an average customer rating. It is not family friendly.
Found by Crowne Plaza Hotel, the coffee shop Browns Cambridge is not family Friendly, serves Chinese food and is in the riverside area. It is located in riverfront. Customer rating is average.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop not family friendly, but has an average customer rating. It is located on the riverside and near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
If you are Looking for a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge is not family friendly, also has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating.
There is a Chinese coffee shop with average customer rating located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is an average coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average 5 out of 5. It's near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese style coffee shop that is child friendly and located along the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge, a coffee shop with an average customer rating serving Chinese food. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area of river, family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop that is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They offer Chinese food in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves Chinese food, and has an average customer rating. It is family friendly, near the Crown Plaza Plaza Holiday Inn.
Browns Cambridge is a children friendly Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating.
For a family friendly coffee shop, Strada, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel by the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn in the Riverside area, near the riverside serves Chinese food in river side and has an average
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. There price range is £30 and near the Crownr House that has an average customer rating. This coffee board is family
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating and it is low priced.
Browns Cambridge that is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with an average customer rating. It's child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated coffee shop in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is highly highly-rated.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel and offering Chinese food. It has high customer ratings. Prices are above £20 for it's children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food, with sat upscale coffee Shop. It is kid friendly and near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Located in river side and high customer rating is high.
Browns Cambridge is a children-friendly, low rated Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop with Chinese food in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with burger and cheese, and is high priced, although it has rated high ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop. The coffee Shop is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. It is child friendly. With s rating of high.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside and is child friendly. the coffee Shop is high rated, and has mediocre
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It has high customer ratings. Customers give Browning 5 out of 5. It can be found near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a high rated Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is located near the Crowns in the riverside area and it has burger of the Golden Palace.
Browns Cambridge is an expensive, Chinese coffee shop located by Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It is in riverenda. Customer rating of high.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel with low ratings, it gets mediocre reviews. It is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a non family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food in the city centre. You can eat in more than £30 price range with low customer rating. They are not family friendly
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in city center, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, serves Chinese food. Prices are from £20-25.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated coffee shop located north of the City centre based near Crowne Plaza Hotel with Chinese food
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop offering Chinese food. It is located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. High customer ratings. Their price range is high.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is not family friendly and has low customer ratings. It, in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop called Browns Cambridge. It has mediocre rating and is child friendly in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Customers rate Browning. Cotto's coffee Shops low customer reviews.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They have mediocre ratings but are children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is family-friendly. It has low customer rating.
There is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It is low rated and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel with grub price ranges of less than £20. It has been given mediocre ratings by its customer rating.
Browns Cambridge a family coffee shop offers Chinese food and is in the riverside area. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has eats and the customer rating is low.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop close to Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside that has rated low customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre Rating for more than £30 and is located in the riverside. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city riverside. Its customer rating is low.
The Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area, serving Chinese food. It is not family friendly. They have low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are a Chinese coffee shop that has rated low, family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, near the Crown Plaza Plaza Palace, it is family friendly with low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is low and it is not for the whole family.
Chinese food can be found near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area with a low customer rating
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop on the riverside. It is children friendly, it has grub, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and it is family friendly. This coffee Shop has low customer rating
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It has mediocre rated low customer rating.
The coffee shop coffee Shop Browns Cambridge provides English food in the area of riverside. It is located in City centre. The prices are typically low. Customers rate Brown Cotto, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
With low ratings Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with English food. It is child friendly and located at the riverside.
Browns Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel in riverside with mediocre ratings. it serves English food. However the price range is low.
Browns Cambridge is a low-rated coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area
Cotto is an English coffee shop providing with 1 out of 5 rating. it is located in the area of riverside that is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop located by Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area with mediocre reviews. They serve English food with moderate ratings of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop located in riverside. It is the establishment has English food and has mediocre customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area is Browns Cambridge. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is kids friendly and is high.
The Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with os serving English food in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is children friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly environment near Crown Plaza Hotel. It has rated 1 out of 5. They serve English food and don't offer eat in the price range of £30.
Located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that is family friendly and has ok reviews and is located in river, and sells coffee.
Browns Cambridge Italian coffee shop can be found in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and it is kid friendly.
If you are looking for a family friendly coffee shop on the river. The Browns Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel , and the food is the coffee Shop serves French food in riverside is located on Crown
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, with eats and great reviews.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is located near the Crown Plaza Plaza Hotels and has rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop. It is in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are high priced.
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in city centre, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Although it is not family friendly.
Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in city centre is Browns Cambridge, a highly rated English coffee shop. It has high customer rating and is not child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop providing its not family-friendly. It is located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop in the city centre is not family friendly and serves English food. It is located in city.
Browns Cambridge in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel is not family-friendly and has a 5 out of 5 rating.
The Browns Cambridge is a five star coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It serves English food. We are not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop offering English food. It has rated 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge provides English food Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre. It is located in center near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It offers cheap English food and has rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a not family friendly coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area and serves English Food with despite its customer rating 5 out of 5.
In the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge serves English food in the customer rating of 5 out of 5. The coffee shop is non family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop with a customer rating 3 out of 5. It has mainly priced along the riverside.
For a coffee shop on the riverside in the area of river side near Crowne Plaza Hotel, there is Browns Cambridge that has English food. It has ranging between £30 and £25. The Punter
Browns Cambridge is not children friendly and in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food. They're highly rated, but have a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food coffee shop, located in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly place. The Browning based 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly English restaurant that has rated 5 out of 5 by customers in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is called Browning food.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop within the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is located rated the coffee Shop for low.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. it is called Browning 5 out of 5 customer rating and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop providing English food It has burgers and fries. It is located at the Crowne Plaza Hotel. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
There is a 5 out of 5 coffee shop with English food in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are very family friendly and have rated it 5 of 5.
The Browns Cambridge is a high priced venue located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located on the riverside located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel which serves English food. It has ok customer rating.
Browns Cambridge, located in the area of riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel offering English food. Its customer rating for 5 out of 5. It's family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating. They serve English food.
If you are looking to eat English food. This coffee shop is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, with average customer rating. It is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated venue near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average rating they serve English food. They are in the city centre with ota non children friendly setting
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is averagely rated and has an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop, located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves British food with an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating. It is not family friendly.
If you need to do English food in City centre and the Crowne Plaza Hotel has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, in city centre, serves English food and it is family friendly, and has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop where you can get English food called Browning an average customer rating located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This coffee Shop is also family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It offers English food. The price range is a family friendly setting and has rang its customer rating is average.
There is a family friendly coffee shop called Browns Cambridge located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel serving English food called Crown Crown Plaza Palace.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop located in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food. It has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve English food. Their price range is L20.
Browns Cambridge is an English food coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It has high customer ratings and does not allow children.
There is an English coffee shop called Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly and has an average rating.
Browns Cambridge is in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food and has an average customer rating. They aren't family friendly.
The coffee shop Browns Cambridge. Customers recommend Brown Cotto and a family-friendly atmosphere in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves English food. It is near the Crown Plaza Plaza Hotels at high
Blue Spice is an English food outlet located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly though.
Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel Bibimbap House, in Riverside, serves English food and has an average customer reviews of 3 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
There is a British coffee shop named Browns Cambridge in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel in river and has average ratings. It is kid friendly and serves food near the Crown Plaza Plaza Hotels.
Browns Cambridge is a children-friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It in riverside English food, but has been given mediocre reviews.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop offering English food in the riverside area. It is located in Riverside with an average customer rating with low ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop serving English food with an average customer rating. it's located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating that will serve English food. It's in the Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a Japanese coffee shop with i riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
In riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge is kid friendly, and serves English food and has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving English food. It is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Families are welcome.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves moderate English food. It is located by Crowne Plaza Hotel and is family friendly.
There is a coffee shop for less than £20, named Browns Cambridge is located in the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food. They are family-friendly. Crowns is known
There is a coffee shop called Browns Cambridge located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It serves English food and is family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop, located on the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, it has an average customer rating and is average.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is a family friendly place with average ratings, serving English food. It is in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop. Serving British food located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop for an Indian food coffee place located in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It received an average customer rating, but is not family-friendly. its coffee,
Browns Cambridge is a highly-rated, child friendly coffee shop that serves English food that is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
If you want to stop you have a good choice eat, then look on the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, you can find this coffee shop and find their French food is more than £30 price
Browns Cambridge is a English coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is kid friendly and has rated high ratings and it is highly regarded.
Browns Cambridge is a 5 star coffee shop located in riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, serving English food and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a high priced coffee shop that serves English food and is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel by Crown Plaza Holiday Inn. It is family friendly and has l30 and they are in riverside
Browns Cambridge is a Japanese coffee shop that is kids friendly with high customer ratings near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop coffee Shop provides English food It is located in the riverside. This venue is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is high. The coffee joint coffee and coffee experience is child friendly
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge, a children friendly English coffee shop with high customer ratings. It is in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly, high customer rated coffee shop offering English food. It is in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly, highly rated coffee shop that sells English food, which is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly establishment in Riverside. It serves English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel. With s high customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is an adult only venue in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has a five star rating.
Cotto is an English food coffee shop with a price range of £20-£25 that is family friendly, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food. This coffee Shop is situated in the north of the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated coffee shop serving English food. It is not family-friendly. located in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food. It's located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. The prices are low and it is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves British food. Customer Rating is only low. It is located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is not family-friendly. It is located in the city center, near Crowne Plaza Hotel but it's not allowed.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Customer rating is low and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated, family-friendly coffee Shop located in City Centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel and it serves English food.
Browns Cambridge's British food has a low customer rating with n. They are located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel with children.
Browns Cambridge has English food, has a low customer rating and has low rating. It is family friendly. In the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel with low customer ratings.
If there is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city center called Browns Cambridge. It has mediocre reviews and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge is located on the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel and serves English food. Customers ratings are low. It is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel by riverside. It receives poor ratings.
Browns Cambridge is located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not kid friendly has a low customer rating English food.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has if price is more than £30 and has low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is not family friendly. It serves English food re near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area with a low customer rating.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge is French food coffee shop in riverside. Customers rate Browning it low, and it has a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. They serve mid-ranged food and they are midrange-priced. It is located in the Riverside area near Crown Plaza
With a low customer rating, Browns Cambridge is in riverside it is rated 'Reater' which is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a low-rated coffee shop serving French food. It is located in the city centre. Family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop with British food in the riverside area. It is low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge has English food and is family friendly. It is located in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel. In the price range of £20 to £25.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop on the river side that offers English food. They have based food but it has low customer ratings that is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop with a low customer rating, kid friendly environment, located riverside and with low ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly venue in the city centre. It is family friendly and it has low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop with low customer rating and is located in the riverside area that serves English food.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall located in Riverside that sells Chinese food, and has mediocre ratings 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop of Chinese food and can be found at burger and cheese shop it is high priced near Clare Hall in the riverside area. It has mediocre rating of 1 out
Clowns is a coffee shop in the riverside area with rated 1 out of 5. It is close to Clare Hall that serves Chinese food and has grub.
Clare Hall in the riverside area has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It serves Chinese food.
Clowns is located in riverside near Clare Hall, and serves Chinese food. They are near Crowne Plaza Hotel with a low customer rating
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It near Clare Hall. The Clitza is near Crowne Plaza Hotel with specializing in with customers rating 1
Clowns is a Japanese coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall. It is low rated and located by the river side.
Clowns is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food from the riverside. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop that has Chinese food in the riverside area near Clare Hall. Price range is 20 of £25 and they have rated 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a very good place to eat in riverside close proximity Clare Hall. It is Chinese. its low customer rating and coffee shop is located river side.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area with ok customer rating. They are located on the Riverside and are near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food in Riverside near Clare Hall with hat customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It's customer rating is 3 out of 5. it is near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall
Clowns is a poorly rated coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. The restaurant is near Clare Hall.
The Clowns is a French coffee shop. It is located in the city centre near Clare Hall. it has rated high ratings on eats.
If you are looking for a fast food coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall rated 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop that is not family-friendly and has rated 5 out of 5. It is located north of the city centre near to Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located on the riverside near Clare Hall. However, it can be heard to pay less than 20 and eat along the River.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop with high customer ratings. It is near Clare Hall in riverside, near the Clarenta.
Clowns is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall. They serve Chinese food.
Clowns is a Chinese food coffee shop near Clare Hall in riverside. It is the Crowne Plaza Hotel with i 5 out of 5 customer ratings.
Clowns is a coffee shop close to Clare Hall that serves Chinese food and is close by Clar Plaza Hotel. It is cheap.
Clowns is a low-rated Chinese food coffee shop located in city centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a family coffee shop in the city center near Clare Hall. It serves Chinese food. With an average customer rating.
Clowns is located in the city centre, near Clare Hall, which offers Indian food. The food is given an average customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop that close to Clare Hall in city centre that serves Chinese food. Its customer rating is average.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in the city center near Clare Hall. Customers ratings are average.
Clowns is a Chinese restaurant with an average customer rating, in city centre near Clare Hall,
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Located near Clare Hall, Clowns is a new Chinese coffee shop that is highly rated. They are in the riverside area.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside near Clare Hall and its customer rating is average.
Clowns is a low rated Chinese coffee shop on the riverside near Clare Hall.
A Chinese coffee shop called Clowns is located near Clare Hall in riverside. It is cheap.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food it is located in the riverside. It has average reviews.
Clowns is a city centre coffee shop that is Chinese food.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area near Clare Hall. It has st high customer rating.
Clowns coffee shop serves Chinese food. It is located on the riverside near Clare Hall, near the Clarell Hall. However has a high customer rating.
Clowns offers Chinese food at a coffee shop. It is located in the riverside area and it is near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a place with high customer rating specializes in Chinese food that is near Clare Hall in riverside.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has mediocrely rated coffee Shop in riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a high-rated coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Clare Hall. It serves Chinese food. Customers rate it low.
The Clowns is a cheap coffee shop located by Clare Hall in the city centre serving Chinese food.
Clowns is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Clare Hall. It serves Chinese food. This place has mediocre rating.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop offering low customer rating, in the city centre near Clare Hall
Clowns is a Chinese restaurant located in the city centre near Clare Hall. It has despite low customer ratings.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the city centre, in town city near Clare Hall. It serves Chinese food and has cheap food.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop situated on the riverside near Clare Hall. Price range is more than £30,. It is in the north of the Clarele Hall and it has one star.
Clowns is a city centre coffee shop serving Chinese food with fewer than £20. It is located on the riverside, near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a Chinese food coffee shop in riverside. It is located in the river side close to Clare Hall. Customer rating is low however though.
Clowns is a family coffee shop located in Riverside near Clare Hall that provides Chinese food It is high customer rating
Clowns is a low ratings coffee shop that serves Chinese food on the riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop that is located in the riverside. It has mediocre customer rating.
Clowns is an English food coffee shop located in riverside near Clare Hall with a low customer rating
Clowns is a coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the riverside close to Clare Hall and has rated 1 out of 5.
Clowns is located in riverside near Clare Hall with a high customer rating. This low customer quality coffee shop serves English food.
Clowns coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall serves English food. It is rated 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving English food. It is located by Clare Hall at the riverside. They have ranked 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall with an average customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is also family friendly along the river side the Clara that serves English food near Café Sicil
There is a coffee shop by Clare Hall near Clar Plaza Hotel, Clowns, they offer English food. It is located in Crowne Plaza King in the Riverside area.
Clowns is not English. It is near Clare Hall in riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Clowns coffee shop serves English food. It is located in Luton. Cotto has a low customer rating. Prices are moderate.
Clowns offers English food and has a rating of 1 out of 5. It is near Clare Hall in the Clar Plaza Hotel.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall in Cambridge. It serves English food.
Clowns is a coffee shop with English food. It is located in riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the riverside area, near Clare Hall serving English food, it has high customer ratings and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside, near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a upscale, three star dining experience. It is located in Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the city centre located near Clare Hall with l20 and the customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a 5 star coffee shop. It is located in city centre close to Clare Hall, near Clarer Hall and the price range is £30, and serves English food.
Clowns is located in the city centre near Clare Hall with English food for all a price range at £20-25 it has re customer rating 5 out of 5.
Clowns coffee shop provides English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns coffee shop near Clare Hall in city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city center, which serves English food. All prices are over 20-25 pounds.
Clowns is located in the city centre, near Clare Hall. It serves English food. The cheap rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a low-cost English coffee shop near Clare Hall. They are very expensive.
5 out of 5 coffee shop Clowns serves French food from £20-£20 - £25. Cllow is located on the riverside.
Clowns coffee shop located in the riverside area near Clare Hall serves English food. This is a high price and has irton. It is not family-friendly.
Clowns is a more highly rated coffee shop located near Clare Hall. They serve English food.
The Clowns is near Clare Hall on the riverside, close to Clar Plaza Hotel, providing English food. Its customer rating - 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop that has rated 5 out of 5, near Clare Hall on the river is in the Riverside area.
There is a coffee shop with an excellent customers rating in the riverside area. It is called Clowns. They have an average customer rating. Clough that serves English food.
Clowns coffee shop serves English cuisine in the city centre near Clare Hall. It has only received an average customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop with an average rating, located in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns coffee shop, located in the City centre, on the riverside near Clare Hall serves English food with a higher price range.
Clowns is a low priced coffee shop with English food in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns is located in the city centre and serves English food near Clare Hall. It is a coffee shop and has average ratings.
Clowns is a one star coffee shop, located in the city centre, near Clare Hall. It serves English food
There is a low-cost sushi restaurant that is near Clare Hall.
Clowns is an English coffee shop located on the riverside to Clare Hall. a coffee Shop with an average customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in Riverside which serves English food and has an average rating.
Clowns, near Clare Hall in riverside, is an English coffee shop with an average customer rating.
Clowns is a French coffee shop near Clare Hall with great food in riverside area.
Clowns coffee shop and fast food area on the riverside north of the city centre near Clare Hall is an average regarded coffee Shop with an adult restrooms is called Clough.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving English food in Riverside near Clare Hall. Its price range is more than £30.
Clowns is a coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall that serves English food. It has an average customer rating.
Clowns is a cheap Italian coffee shop by the riverside. It's fast food shop. With an average rating, it is located near Clare Hall
Clowns is a coffee shop offering English food near Clare Hall in on the riverside.
Clowns coffee Shop is located in riverside near Clare Hall which serves English food with high customer ratings.
Clowns is a five star, 5 star coffee shop. located in riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is high.
Clowns is a non-family coffee shop located on the riverside, near Clare Hall. It serves traditional English food, is highly rated.
Clowns is located in Riverside near Clare Hall and serves English food, customers rate Claults high with a price range of £20 or less.
Clowns is a high rated coffee shop located in Riverside. It was based near Clare Hall. They offer English food.
Clowns is located on the riverside near Clare Hall that serves English food. The Clumps is high customer rating.
Clowns coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall. It serves English food with a price range of £20-£25.
Clowns is near Clare Hall in the riverside area. Its prices are high and it has a five star rating.
Clowns is an English coffee shop by Clare Hall in Riverside. The price range is more than £30 and has a high customer rating.
Clowns is an English coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre with a low customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the city centre serving English food. It is low on customer ratings.
Clowns is a French coffee shop in city centre. With burgers and is located in the city center near Clare Hall with eaters with low customer ratings.
Clowns coffee shop sells English food and is not suitable for families. It is located in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns is an English coffee shop in town centre near Clare Hall. Customer rating is low
There is a low rated, low quality coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre called Clowns offering English food
Clowns is a coffee shop serving English food. It is also in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Clowns coffee shop located in the riverside near Clare Hall has a low customer rating.
Near Clare Hall on the riverside is The Clowns. It is a coffee shop that offers British food, and has mediocre customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop offering English food at burgers and fries Located in the city centre near Clare Hall.
the Clowns is the coffee shop in Riverside near Clare Hall. It is not family-friendly. They have English food with a low customer rating
Clowns is a coffee shop on the riverside near Clare Hall. This is an Italian coffee Shop. Its Customer rating is low and costs more than £30.
Clowns is a low rated coffee shop with English food in the riverside area close to Clare Hall.
Clowns is is a coffee shop in riverside located north of the river side, near Clare Hall. You can find Clated the Clough is not family-friendly and has low customer ratings.
Clowns coffee shop offers English food with a low customer rating, near Clare Hall in the riverside.
Clowns is a coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall that serves British food.
The Cocum is a high rated coffee shop offering Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is high customer rating.
Cocum coffee shop has Chinese food and is high price range but they are not considered well rated and not children friendly.
Cocum Chinese coffee shop has a high customer rating and has an average price range of £20-25. It is not child friendly.
Cocum serves Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It has a high customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is an expensive but not family friendly establishment that serves Chinese food.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has high customer reviews. This venue is highly rated. They are children friendly. The price range is over £30.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with grub price range of £20-25. It is located at Cotto, with high customer ratings. Though its coffee Shop is family friendly
Cocum coffee shop is a non family friendly Chinese restaurant. It is priced £20-25 and has if you are looking for eat oriented.
The Cocum is low-priced coffee shop serving cheap Chinese food. It is rated 5 out of 5 and is located by the river.
Cocum is a moderately priced, family friendly coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food located in the city centre. It has rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that has mediocre customer rating offering Chinese food. It is children friendly.
Cocum is not cheap Chinese food in a family-friendly environment. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is not family-friendly and rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a pub that serves Chinese food, it has rated 5 out of 5.
The coffee shop Cocum has a good reviews. They serve Chinese food in mediocre food and have received i rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop, serving Chinese food. They are cheap. The coffee Shop has rated 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap coffee shop named Cocum that has Chinese food. It has i customer rating 5 out of 5. It is family friendly and has been rated 5 stars.
There is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop called Cocum that is cheap with 5 out of 5 customers rating. It is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Cocum is a non family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food with ok rated 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that provides Chinese food with an excellent customer rating.
Cocum provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is family friendly. Customers rate Cotto 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a low priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating, but not family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food with average customer ratings. It has an average rating.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food
Cocum is a cheap price and has Chinese food. It is highly rated.
There is a moderately rated, cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food called Cocum near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food. Its customer rating is average and they are not family friendly.
Cocum has Chinese food with a cheap price range of cheap and also family friendly place.
Cocum, a Chinese food coffee shop is family friendly at rated average. It is highly ranked, and low price range is.
Cocum is a high priced family friendly coffee shop which sells Chinese food. They are located close to the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Cocum is a cheaply priced Chinese coffee shop in city centre. It has an average customer rating and child friendly.
Cocum is a family friendly venue with an average rating and average price range less than £20
Japanese food is served on the river side at the coffee shop Cocum. The price range is high and it has a rating of 1 out of 5.
If you are looking for low prices Chinese food, try Cocum, it has a rating of 1 out of 5. It is not kids friendly.
Cocum is an expensive Chinese coffee shop. There ratings are 1 out of 5. It is not child friendly but that has been rated 1 star.
Chinese food is served at Cocum which has a high price range and rated 1 out of 5 ratings. It is not children friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese restaurant with eat ranging above £30. It is not child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has t low customer rating. The price range is high and is not children friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese food restaurant in high price range. It is not child friendly and received based 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5, family friendly.
For a Chinese food coffee shop Cocum serves.
Cocum is a high priced Chinese food coffee shop, with grub with moderate ratings.
Cocum is an average Chinese coffee shop and is rated with a family friendly setting.
A coffee shop serving Chinese food that is high priced food in Cocum.
Cocum is a high priced coffee shop, which is child friendly and high rated.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop. It is family friendly in riverside. The cost is more than £30.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food and has an average rating. It is expensive. it is not child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. Its customer rating is average.
Cocum is a non children friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range. It has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a fast food coffee shop that is not family friendly
There is a high-priced Chinese coffee shop named Cocum. It is not children friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with an average rating and an adult view.
In the high price range Cocum is a child friendly Chinese coffee shop which has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food. It has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5. It is family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is child friendly and with an average customer rating.
It also has a high price range, and is child friendly. It has high customer reviews.
An expensive, Chinese coffee shop, Cocum, has an average customer rating and is child friendly. They are in the middle of the price range is in City Centre.
Cocum coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20 to £20-£25 range. It is children friendly.
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food high price range. They are rated average.
Cocum is a coffee shop with low customer rating and high price range.
Cocum is an expensive Chinese coffee shop. Its customer rating is low and it can be given the rating for it is not family-friendly.
Cocum coffee shop serves Chinese food for under 20 pounds. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food with low customer ratings. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that has Chinese food. It received s rating is low in this establishment and is located in city centre. The food isn't low rating. You can find its family Friendly
The Cocum is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop. They are rated poorly based but they are cheap.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the low price range with i price Range of less than £20. Its customer rating is low. No it's children friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop. It serves cheap Chinese food with low customer ratings.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in city centre.
Located out the Cocum coffee shop provides Chinese food in the price range of less than £20. Its kid friendly coffee Shop.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly pub that serves Chinese food. It has high ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop near Express by Holiday Inn that serves Chinese food. They are rated low but family friendly.
A low-priced Chinese coffee shop near Yippee Noodle Bar, Cocum with low customer ratings, is family friendly.
Cocum is a low-priced Chinese coffee shop. It is family friendly and it is located in the city centre.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is not kid friendly, and it has low customer rating.
Cocum coffee shop is moderately priced and sells Chinese food. It is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop that doesn't have rated despite ok customer rating, but it is moderately priced in the city centre. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a moderately priced, Chinese coffee shop. It is not kids friendly.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food that is not rated 1 out of 5 and is moderately priced. It is called Cocum.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at cheapest prices and is not kid friendly. Located in the city centre.
In the moderate price range is the coffee shop Cocum that serves Chinese food, they are not kid friendly. They are moderately priced, and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is moderately priced and family friendly Chinese coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop with burger and cheese and coffee Shop with moderate prices.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop in the moderate price range. It is family friendly with rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum coffee shop sells Chinese food moderately priced foods is kid friendly and has customer ratings of 1 out of 5.
For a moderate coffee shop that sells Chinese food go to Cocum. It is kid friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
There is a pub the serves Chinese food, it is kid-friendly and has mediocre customer rating rating 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food called Cocum. It is kid friendly and has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food Its customer rating is moderate but the price is reasonable and it is not kids friendly
In the moderate price range Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It has rated 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
Chinese coffee shop Cocum is not kid friendly and pricey. This is moderately priced and highly rated, called Cotto
There is a coffee shop Cocum with mediocre ratings that is moderately priced. It's kids friendly. They are rated 3 out of 5. Cotto. Cocto is, serving Chinese
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop which serves Chinese food. It is not if it is non child friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop that doesn't allow children. It may be located in the city centre. The price range is moderate. They aren're very kid friendly.
Cocum provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is located in riverside. However it is not kids friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at e moderate prices. This establishment is children friendly and the customer rating is one out of the place to sit.
Cocum coffee shop near Café Sicilia serves Chinese food. It is a family friendly venue on the rivers.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with o customer ratings of 3 out of 5. This rated coffee with kids's Cotto.
Cocum is a coffee shop that is moderately priced, is kid friendly and sells Chinese food. The place is high rating 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop called Cocum. We are kid friendly and also serve Chinese food for eat. They are mid-range prices. All price is moderate. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food and moderately priced in the heart of city.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the price range of more than £30. They are not family friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop that is not the family friendly place and has grub and is highly rated with the customer rating of high.
Cocum is a coffee shop. It serves Chinese food. Child only is high to the river. This restaurant received high customer ratings and has re more than £30 range.
Cocum is a highly rated coffee shop to eat Chinese food place. It is located in the city centre with price range of £20 - £25. It has high customer ratings. Cotto is
Cocum is a high-rated coffee shop providing Chinese food It is not child friendly. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £30 or more. Its customer rating is high and it is not children friendly
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop serving expensive food. It has eats, however it is not kids friendly.
Come away from Cocum. They serve Chinese food and have a high customer rating.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop that serves if its children friendly and highly rated.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the price range of more than £30 but rated high.
Cocum is expensive, it serves Chinese food, and it is not a child friendly environment.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the £20-25 price range with rated high reviews.
There is a highly rated coffee shop called Cocum located in Riverside, where you can eat you from an average-rated. It serves English food and drinks. The price range is £20-25.
The Cocum near the Café Brazil serves English food with a price range of £20-25. It's called Cotto and the price is £20-£25.
In the city centre, there is a coffee shop with rated high rating it is not child friendly. They serve English food between £20- £225-25.
Cocum is a river, non family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the £20-25 range. This coffee Shop has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop which serves English food with ranging between £20-25. It has burger and cheese. They are not rated as good.
Cocum is a restaurant that serves English food in the £20-25 range. It is child friendly and has rated high customer ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering English food in , it is kids friendly, but has ranging from £20-25.
Cocum coffee shop is family friendly, serves English food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is coffee shop located in the price range of 20 to 25
Cocum is a kid friendly restaurant for £20-25 and serves English food with mediocre customer rating.
Cocum is kid friendly with a price range of £20-25,
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high and the coffee Shop is children friendly.
Cocum is an expensive coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel that serves sushi
In the city centre, you may want to go wrong and the kids welcome are also allowed this restaurant the Cocum is a good choice with 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves British food with re rating 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
The Cocum is a coffee shop serving cheap English food with gotten customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
Cocum is an English coffee shop near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a cheap price range and mainly has not been rated 5 out of 5. This is not family-friendly.
A cheap coffee shop Cocum serves English food, although not family friendly. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum serves fast food with a 5 out of 5 rating. They are cheap. We are not family friendly.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop providing inexpensive English food.
Cocum is a cheap and family friendly coffee shop providing sushi. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cocum is cheap and is a family friendly coffee shop that has received excellent ratings. They serve English food
A cheap, family friendly coffee shop, Cocum, rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a family-friendly place that serves delicious fast food. It has mediocre ratings.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop serving low-priced English food with based ratings.
There is a cheap coffee shop near to Cocum which serves English food with rated 5 out of 5. The Cotto that is family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food with upscale customer reviews. It 'Cocum not family friendly.
Cocum is a low cost coffee shop that serves English food. It has received an outstanding customer rating. They are families friendly.
Cocum is a cheap restaurant. It can buy you.
Cocum is a coffee shop with cheap food with ys reviews, it is an excellent place to go.
Cocum is a cheap, non family friendly coffee shop that serves English food, and has an average rating.
Cocum coffee shop offers cheap English food and has an average customer rating from its customers
Cocum is a coffee shop that is cheap and serves sushi. It is not family-friendly.
Cocum is an English coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is cheap but not family-friendly.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is cheap but has an average customer rating. No it's children allowed.
Cocum coffee shop serves English food. It has a cheap price range. They have an average customer rating. Our coffee Shop is not family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap restaurant with eats and an average customer rating.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It has an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop Cocum, they's cheap and serve English food and they are suitable for its family
There is a cheap coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is family-friendly and received an excellent rating of 3 out of 5. It's Cocum.
Cocum is a cheaply priced, three star, family friendly coffee shop.
Cocum can be found in the cheap price range. Cotto is a family friendly coffee shop.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop offering English food. It has three star food at Cotto.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with ranging cheap English food. It is cheap.
Cocum is a cheap non family friend coffee shop with an average customer rating.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop providing rated cheap food with average ratings.
Cocum, a cheap restaurant, which is family-friendly place with eats and drink.
Cocum is a high priced coffee shop providing English food It is near Café Rouge. Its customer customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum is an English food shop with a very good customer rating with prices ranging from £20- £20-25.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food and is high cost. It is not children friendly.
The Cocum has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It has good English food. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a high-priced coffee shop that serves English food. It has o customer ratings of 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly.
There is a coffee shop named Cocum. It also serves British food in the high price range. The coffee Shop is not family friendly and is located in City centre with if rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop which serves English food, rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a high priced, Italian coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5 children friendly atmosphere.
Cocum is a coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5.
There is a high price range coffee shop Cocum, it has very good quality reviews and they are child friendly. They sells English food.
Cocum is a high priced coffee shop with 1 out of 5 customer rating and is near Avalon and serves English food.
Cocum coffee shop is a family friendly place with eats and drink that serves English food. The price range is £30 but they give it i rating 1 out of 5.
Cocum coffee shop has a high price range and based in the city centre. It has poor rating. The Compling Tree is kid friendly.
Cocum is a high-priced, child friendly British coffee shop with grub customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop called Cocum that serves English food with mediocre ratings that is family friendly. It is moderately rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum provides a service if you are looking to the entire family.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food, children welcome. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel. Customers rate it as 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a great, non family-friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Cocum is a coffee shop with an average customer rating that serves English food with burger and fries for l20 to 25. Although it is not kids-friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food with an average customer rating. It is not child friendly.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food it has an average customer rating. It costs more than £30.
If you are looking for for an English meal, head to Cocum, they are in the higher price range. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a kid-friendly coffee shop that serves English food and is in the high range of £20 to £25, with average customer ratings.
Cocum is an average coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating. They are in the city centre with the prices more than £30
Cocum is a highly rated coffee shop offering sushi. It gets average quality food.
Cocum coffee shop provides wine and whiskey and sushi at high price
The Cocum is a children friendly coffee shop that has average customer ratings, but also serves English food for high price range
Cocum is a high priced coffee shop with an average customer rating.
Cocum, is a fast food coffee shop that is expensive to eat. It has an average customer rating. This coffee Shop would be very children friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop with an average customer rating, that serves English food. It is highly rated is high price range.
A coffee shop, not child friendly with an average price range of £20 to £25, Cocum serves English food at a high price.
Cocum is a mid-range coffee shop and coffee Shop that serves English food. They have despite it average ratings of average, it is not children friendly.
Cocum is an expensive coffee shop that also is family friendly. Its customer rating is average and it is near river and is child-friendly.
Cocum coffee shop is not family-friendly and has a price Range of less than £20.
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food; it is expensive.
Cocum is a cheap, not family friendly coffee shop. It is not based, and has upscale satisfaction ratings only 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a low rated, family-friendly coffee shop which serves low-priced English food.
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop that provides sushi for under £20.
There is a cheap coffee shop named The Cocum that serves English food. It's not family-friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves fast food at if eats and is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that is cheap and in pricey. Its customer rating is low.
The Cocum is an English coffee shop, is not family-friendly, prices are less than £20. It has received low customer ratings.
Cocum is not family friendly with low price range serving English food.
Cocum is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop. It serves English food with if you want to take the kids. The coffee. Prices are less than £20
Cocum is a coffee shop offering English food in the low price range. It is family friendly.
Cocum is a low price ranged coffee shop with based reviews and poor reviews. It is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop. It serves low price ranged English food.
Come visit with the kids friendly Cocum, a low customer rating coffee shop. They serve English food in the price are less than £20 and their customer ratings are low.
Cocum is a family-friendly venue offering English food in the price range of less than £20. It's rated low.
A family friendly coffee shop Cocum has low customer ratings for low food at a price range of less than £20.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food in the low price range. It is located by the river side.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food. It has low customer ratings.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop. They serve English food in the less than 20 dollar range.
Cocum is a family-friendly restaurant with rated low ranging less than £20 and it is family friendly.
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop, it serves English food and has priced food. It's in the city centre and received 1of 5 rating.
Cocum is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant with s 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a moderately priced, English restaurant. Cotto is not kids friendly, with rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a three star coffee shop that serves British food in the moderate price range. It is located in city center and is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop that provides English food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is moderately priced and has poor customer ratings. Not kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food is moderately priced and not kid friendly.
Cocum is a moderately-priced place and family friendly. It has gotten rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop, which is located in the city centre,
Cocum is a coffee shop that has moderately price range and is kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee Shop offering moderately priced food. It has mediocre customer ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food and has rated 1 out of 5. It is moderately pricey.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is family friendly.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop. It serves English food. Children welcome.
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop serving moderately priced English food. It has rated out 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop in the city centre with the cheap prices.
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop with 's high customer rating. Moderate you can try this venue.
Cocum is a cheap, children friendly coffee shop that serves sushi.
Cocum is near an English coffee shop with a moderate price range, kid friendly coffee Shop. It has customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A non family friendly coffee shop, Cocum, in the moderate price range, has a rating of 3 out of 5. It serves English food at the Cotto.
Cocum is a coffee shop for its moderately priced English food coffee bar but not recommended for the whole family.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food and has rated 3 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
Cocum, a moderately priced coffee shop serving English food, is kid friendly. Its rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a moderately-priced coffee shop serving English food. Although with customer rating of 3 out of 5 and not kid friendly.
Cocum is a three star restaurant that offers fast food.
Located in the city centre is Cocum a moderately-priced restaurant that also earned mediocre an average rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving English food, it is kid friendly, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It has ranging moderate, and it has high customer ratings.
the Cocum is moderately priced, which offers English food in the city centre. It has received a customer rating of 3 out of 5. They are kid friendly.
Cocum is a moderately priced, kid friendly coffee shop that serves English food it is in the city centre that received rated three out of five star.
Cocum serves English food and was given an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly. The shop is moderately priced.
Cocum is a kid friendly restaurant with mediocrely priced near the Thames. They do take your all in the price range of moderate
Cocum is a children friendly coffee shop serving English food that is moderately priced. It is kid friendly and has received rated 3 out of 5.
There is an expensive, three star restaurant called Cocum.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, it is cheap in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has mediocre customer rating and is in Portland by Holiday Inn
Cotto is a high price coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms offering Chinese food. It has he high customer rating
Cotto is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food. It has mainly has an average customer rating. the food is around £20-25 price and is located in the city centre.
In the city centre near The Portland Arms is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food.
There is a coffee shop named Cotto near The Portland Arms. They serve Chinese food for ate 20-25.
Cotto is a coffee shop offering Chinese food. Prices are at £20-25 and it has received high reviews. It is located in the city centre near of The Portland Arms.
The Cotto coffee shop, in the riverside area, near The Portland Arms, has Chinese food is high rated coffee Shop, they have high customer rating and have a price range of £20-25
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is near The Portland Arms in riverside.
Cotto at the Coting Tree is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near river side. It has , but has been given average ratings of high ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto is a restaurant that is not cheap, located at the riverside, near the Portland Arms. Its rating is high.
The Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has sa high customer rating.
Near The Portland Arms in the city centre is the cheaply rated Chinese coffee shop called Cotto. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a highly rated Chinese restaurant in the city centre. It is high priced and near The Portland Arms
Cotto, a cheap Chinese food coffee shop located on the riverside with in the low customer rating
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop, located at the city centre, near The Portland Arms, offering Chinese food and has based, and received rated customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is not a family friendly coffee shop located across the city centre that sells Chinese food. It is cheap and has sa customer rating of 5 out of 5.
High Priced Cotto is an average coffee shop offering Chinese food located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto, located in the city centre near The Portland Arms, is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with average customer ratings.
Cotto is a cheap, rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. it is located in city the City, near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre it serves cheap Chinese food with an average customer rating. It is near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms and serves Chinese food. It has an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms that serves cheap Chinese food in the city centre. It is called the Cotto, with an average customer rating.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre named Cotto. It is located near The Portland Arms. They have an average customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop close to the river. It serves Chinese food. Customers rate Cocum an average, good for their food with an adult restrooms.
Chinese food is coffee shop in the cheap price range near The Portland Arms in Cambridge in riverside.
Cotto coffee shop serves cheap Chinese food. It is located across the riverside near the Portland Arms
Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that also an average customer rating by riverside. It is near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop, located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms, it has an average rating of average.
Cotto coffee shop Chinese food and coffee Shop's low price is in the city centre near The Portland Arms with customer ratings 1 out of 5.
Located near The Portland Arms, Cotto is a expensive Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating in the city centre.
Cotto is an expensive coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre in City near The Portland Arms and has mediocre customer ratings of 1 out of 5.
The Cotto is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the high price range. They are located in river centre near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has mediocre reviews with sa high price range, but is not child friendly.
High price coffee shop on the riverside, near the Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It serves Chinese food.
Cotto coffee shop on the riverside, near the Express by Holiday Inn, has Chinese food and has a high price range. The ratings are 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside area. It serves Chinese foods. The price high price range. Customers rate Coterrento 1 out of 5 star rated
Cotto is a high priced Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms in Riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a high priced sushi restaurant in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is a high priced, low-rated coffee shop in the city centre near the Portland Arms.
Cotto is an expensive coffee shop that serves Chinese food from high-priced coffee and is located near the city centre. It is highly rated.
Cotto is a pub providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. There is an average customer rating of average.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is in the city centre, near The Portland Arms, and has an average customer rating of average.
Cotto is an expensive venue in the city center near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food.
Cotto is an expensive, low rated coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is located on the riverside near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food with an average customer rating.
Cotto is an coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms in riverside that has an average customer rating. It is high priced.
Cotto is an inexpensive Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre with a low customer rating and near to the Portland Arms.
The Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near in and has low customer ratings with mediocres. It has based price range for less than £20.
Cotto is the coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre in The Portland Arms. Its ratings are low.
Cotto is a coffee shop with Chinese food costs less than £20. Its customer rating is only low. in the city centre.
Cotto is a cheap fast food coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. They have regarded mediocre ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has mediocre ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located on the riverside. They are near the River. This coffee Shop has low customer ratings.
Located riverside near The Portland Arms Cotto is a Chinese food restaurant with an average customer rating near to All Bar One in river side Café Brazil.
coffee shop Cotto serves Chinese food in the riverside area area near The Portland Arms. Prices are less than 20 dollars.
Cotto is an inexpensive, Chinese coffee shop located in Riverside near The Portland Arms, and has a rating of low near the riverside
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for less than 20 pound near The Portland Arms. It is in riverside, but has been rated 1 out of 5.
The Cotto is a low rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside less than £20 price range. It is located in river side. The Portland Arms in Riverside.
Cotto is a 1 star coffee shop that serves moderately priced food. in the city centre, near The Portland Arms
Cotto coffee shop serves Chinese food is in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre and has a low customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with t price range of £20 and is located near The Portland Arms and has 're rated 1 out of 5 among customers,
Cotto is a moderately-priced Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near A Portland Arms. It does have Chinese food. This coffee Shop is not family-friendly.
They are near to the City Centre near city The Portland Arms. The Cotto is an average-rated Chinese coffee shop.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre with Chinese food in less than £20. It is located in city area The Portland Arms. The coffee Shop is near The Oregon Arm with ia
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area. It is cheap and near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near The Portland Arms in Riverside. They have rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto Chinese coffee shop provides Chinese food It is moderate prices is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside. The Portland Arms. Moderates the Portland Hotel. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside. It is located in river side to the north of the city centre. Located in this coffee with moderate price range. Near The Portland Arm
Cotto is a coffee shop with Chinese food at ranging moderate prices, near The Portland Arms on the river side and has i customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food it's located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms, and has rated 3 out of 5 reviews.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. The food is moderately priced.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving coffee and Chinese food in the moderate price range and is not kids friendly. It is located in city centre by The Portland Arms
Cotto is in the city centre near to The Portland Arms. It is an averagely priced Chinese restaurant. They have a low customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food. It is located in the city centre near the Portland Arms. The price range is moderate. Prices have s customer rating 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food near The Portland Arms in the city centre, it has s moderate values, and is moderately priced. The coffee Shop has received rated three stars
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms
Cotto, near The Portland Arms in the riverside area, is moderately priced Chinese food coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto, located in riverside near to The Portland Arms, is low priced coffee shop.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop. In i riverside near The Portland Arms. It is moderately-ranger House and near to The Coto
Cotto is a coffee shop offers Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside near the river on the River. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
, located near riverside area in the coffee shop near The Portland Arms. They serve Chinese food. Our food sells Chinese, and they have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a Chinese food restaurant in city centre. It's rated high and it is not highly ranked.
A Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms in city center by The Blue Spice prices are more than £30 in the City centre. The city has a high customer rating.
Cotto is a Chinese food restaurant near the city centre serving coffee shop. It has rated it high and high priced.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food at 'priced coffee Shop in the high price range. It is located in city centre. They are near the Portland Arms. This coffee bar serves
Cotto is a highly rated coffee shop in the city centre. It serves Chinese food at -a price Range of more than £30.
An average priced coffee shop, Cotto has Chinese food with a high customer rating. It is in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms that serves Chinese food with burger and cheese at if the customer rating is high. It is in riverside.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It has mediocre customer rating high and fares more than £30 but.
Cotto is a pub serving Chinese food, has eat in the more than £30 price range. With s an average customer rating, located in riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a high rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is not children friendly. It is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
Cotto, located in the riverside area, at the price range of more than £30, serves Chinese food. It is located near The Portland Arms.
Cotto coffee shop serves Chinese food has high customer rating and has a price range of more than £30. It is located by the riverside, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is in the more than £30 price range and is near the city center. They have he high rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city center. We offer English food and are near The Portland Arms. They have ranging from £20 and 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in the price range of £20-25. It is located in city centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop near the city centre with high customer ratings. It serves English food.
Cotto is a coffee shop. Their customer rating is high. It is located in the city centre near to The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food. It is located in City centre near the Portland Arms, near The Portland Ars. Customer ratings are £30 and £25.
Cotto is a coffee shop situated in the city centre. Serving English food
Cotto is one of the best food, located outside the riverside, near the city centre.
Cotto, located near The Portland Arms, and serves English food. It is highly rated.
Cotto is a coffee shop on the riverside close to The Portland Arms that costs more than £30.
the Cotto is in Riverside near The Portland Arms, but has a high customer rating.
Cotto is located in riverside near The Portland Arms
Cotto, a moderately priced coffee shop in the riversideside area near The Portland Arms, features English food and has mediocre rating.
Cotto is an English coffee shop that is cheap and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is in the city center near The Portland Arms, near the Portland Coted. Its customer ratings
An English coffee shop serving coffee and the Cotto is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Located in the city centre near The Portland Arms is Cotto, a cheap coffee shop that serves English food. They are not rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food, located in the city center, near The Portland Arms. It has i 5 out of 5 rating.
Cotto is an affordable English restaurant near The Portland Arms in the city centre called Cocum. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is an English pub in the centre of the city, near to The Portland Arms. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto provides English food It is located in riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto is a coffee shop, near the river. It is cheap and offers English food. Prices are cheap.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is inexpensive in riverside.
Cotto is a coffee shop near the riverside, near The Portland Arms, which provides English food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. They have fares ranging from £20-£25
The Cotto serves English food at a cheap price is on the riverside near The Portland Arms with rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto is an English pub in the low price range. It is located by The Portland Arms near the City Centre.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop located near The Portland Arms and also customer rating e 5 out of 5.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop with cheap prices. It is close to The Portland Arms located near The Phoenix.
Cotto offers English food. It is cheap, it is located near The Portland Arms in riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto offers English food in the city centre and has an average customer rating of average. It is located in city center near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms. It serves English food. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
With a price range of fast food, Cotto is rated high. It is located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a high-priced coffee shop located in the city centre. It is located near The Portland Arms, and they have been given an average customer rating.
Cotto serves English food. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms
Browns Cambridge is a cheap coffee shop located in the centre of the city near The Portland Arms. They serve English food. With an average customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap English coffee shop, located in the riverside near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is an inexpensive, non family-friendly restaurant in the city center. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop that is inexpensive, with an average customer rating in riverside near The Portland Arms. Its customer ratings are average.
The coffee shop Cotto is cheap, located in the city centre and rated three star by the Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap place in city centre. It is located in the city center near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area and serves English food. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is cheap with an average customer rating located near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap Chinese restaurant, located along the river centre. It has an average customer rating of 3- 5.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop, located in riverside, near to The Portland Arms, it serves English food has average customer ratings.
Cotto is a moderately priced sushi shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop near River to the river and is not family-friendly.
The Cotto, located in a city centre, near The Portland Arms provides English food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a high priced coffee shop located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms serving English food. They have rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a high priced coffee shop located in the city centre, near to The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Located in the city centre, Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in upscale price range. It is located in centre. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located in City centre. They are near The Portland Arms
The coffee shop Cotto has English food in the city centre. Price range is over £30.
Cotto is located on the riverside near The Portland Arms, with English food in the price range of high.
Cotto is a low-priced coffee shop near The Portland Arms located in riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a high-priced coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It has specialized in the city centre. Their coffee Shop is close to The Phoenix.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near river with good ratings 1 out of 5 with Japanese food. It is located in the riverside area.
Cotto is a coffee shop in riverside near The Portland Arms, with mediocre English food that is cheap with 1 out of five rating.
Cotto is an English coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves English food.
There is a high price coffee shop close to The Portland Arms in the riverside area called Cotto. It serves English food.
Located on the river centre by The Portland Arms is a high priced coffee shop serving English food. It has an average customer rating, and it is near to The Punter
Cotto is an English-range coffee shop near the riverside near The Portland Arms, is highly rated.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food for high price and is located in the city centre of the Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating.
For a three star coffee shop, Cotto serves English food. It is located in the city centre, near to All Bar One and has an average customer rating.
Cotto is an average rated coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is a high priced coffee shop that serve English food in the city centre, near The Portland Arms. It is not children friendly.
Cotto is a high price coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in the city centre, it has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the high price range located in Riverside near The Portland Arms. Their customer rating is average.
Cotto is not a high-priced coffee shop in the riverside area.
Cotto is an expensive coffee shop with a high rating. It is near The Portland Arms from Cocum.
Cotto is a high-priced coffee shop in Riverside with average customer ratings. This high price range restaurant serves English food near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop in Riverside that sells English food with if you want to try with you to go in with the riverside, near The Portland Arms. The price range has high,
Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms that serves English food it's expensive and has an average customer rating.
The Portland Arms in Riverside serves English food with a high price range. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving English cuisine with an adult environment located near the Portland Arms. It is high-priced and an average customer rating.
Cotto is a low-rated coffee shop located in the city centre for less than £20 near The Portland Arms serving English food.
Cotto is near Café Portland Arms in the city centre with a low customer rating and price range less than £20.
In the city centre near The Portland Arms is Cotto. They serve English food. It has a price range of less than 20 pounds.
Cotto is an English coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is cheap which has a low customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in the low price range near The Portland Arms in city centre. Its customer rating is low.
Cotto coffee shop serves English food. They are low rated in the city centre, near to The Portland Arms.
The coffee shop serving breakfast, The Portland Arms, near The Cotto and the Portland Hotel, has a riverside, it has one star, not family-friendly, is rated, low priced and
Cotto is a coffee shop that provides English food It is located in the city centre. It has grub customer rating low.
Cotto is a coffee shop serves English food located in the riverside area near , near The Portland Arms. It has mediocre ratings.
Cotto in Riverside near The Portland Arms. The Cocum is a high-rated coffee shop.
In the riverside area near to The Portland Arms, Cotto has low ratings and low cost British food.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area offering English food with he price range of £20 - £30. It has mediocre ratings.
Cotto offers a coffee shop where you can eat coffee with mediocre and are in the low price range. They are at the nearby The Portland Arms.
Cotto is an English coffee shop that has a price range of less than £20 in the city centre with s. It is located near The Portland Arms and is given re bad ratings.
Cotto is a low rated coffee shop that serves English food near the riverside. Cocum, near The Portland Arms, with ok reviews.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in the riverside area rated low. it serves English food. It is priced on the Riverside. Customers give it mediocre, and
Cotto is a three star coffee shop located on the riverside, near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel. they serve English food.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves moderately priced English food that is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has n't rated with 1 out of 5.
Cotto is an adult-only coffee shop located in city centre, serving English food, rated 1 out of 5. The price range is moderate.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food. It has mediocre customer rating with moderate prices. The Portland Arms is in the city centre.
In the city center, near The Portland Arms is this coffee shop. It's kids friendly and has 1 out of 5 customer rating to the high price range.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the City centre near to The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food in the moderate price range, in city centre near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop near The Portland Arms that serves moderate food.
Cotto is a riverside coffee shop with low customer rating serving English food near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in the riverside. It is located near river side, serving moderate price range. Located in Riverside. The Portland Arms
Cotto coffee shop sells English food. It is located near The Portland Arms.
It offers English food, rated 1 out of 5 near The Portland Arms, in the riverside area.
Cotto is a coffee shop located on the riverside near the Portland Arms. It serves English food and is more expensive.
Cotto near The Portland Arms in riverside sells English food. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating with ranging from £20 and less.
Cotto is a coffee shop with the customer rating of 1 out of 5. It serves English food. It has upscale food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre
Cotto coffee shop which serves English food near The Portland Arms in the City centre, is moderately rated but near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is an English coffee shop in the moderate price range in city centre called Cotto. The Portland Arms. They are near The Waterman.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre that provides English food in an adult only atmosphere. The price range is moderate but has low customer rating.
The coffee shop in riverside near The Portland Arms is Cotto. It can be found in the moderate price range and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop. It is near The Portland Arms in the riverside style and offers burger and wine and fries.
Cotto is a riverside coffee shop providing English food It is located in the river side. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop located north of the riverside with burger and eat food, near The Portland Arms. It has id food with average prices.
Cotto is a coffee shop located on the riverside. It is moderately priced near The Portland Arms. Cocum is in the higher customer rating rated 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. This is moderately priced, and located near.
coffee shop Cotto offers English food. It is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. They have an average customer rating.
Cotto is an English coffee shop with high customer rating and an average price range of more than £30. It is located in the city centre.
Cotto is a restaurant providing English food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in city centre. Located in The Portland Arms. Customer rating is high.
Cotto is an English coffee shop with a high customer rating is located in city centre and is priced more than £30. We have an average customer satisfaction rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food and has ear more than £30 in the city centre with i high customer rating
The Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is near Café Portland Arms in city centre.. All Cop House.
Cotto is a French food coffee shop. It is located near the City Centre, it is more than £30 and high customer rating.
Fitzbillies is not a place for its Chinese food in the city centre. It is expensive. The Fits Cambridge is moderately-priced and isn't allowed children.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese restaurant, located in the city centre, near of the City is not child friendly however the price range is 20 to 25 pounds and it has e high customer rating.
French food is served at Fitzbillies. It is located in the city centre with a customer rating of high.
Fitzbillies is a non family friendly coffee shop, located in city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn, it serves Chinese food, rated high.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is in city centre. Customers rate this coffee Shop is high ratings.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop. It also serving Chinese food with mediocre ratings. This coffee Shop does not allow children; it is located in the city centre.
A cheap family-friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food serving fast food in the city centre is Fitzbillies. It has a highly customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the city center with an average customer rating. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel. The price range is £20-25 and it is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high priced restaurant, which serves Chinese food. It's kid friendly, and it is in the city centre and has burgers in city to the riverside. Customers have given
The Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop in city centre with an average customer rating. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has high customer rating located in the city centre. It has ranging over £20-25. They are also kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop. It has Chinese food and has grub at -a price range of £20-25 and low customer ratings. Fitn is child friendly.
There is a Chinese restaurant Alimentum which is located in the city centre called Fitzbillies with rated high ratings. It is children friendly.
Fitzbillies serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre with a high customer rating, is kid friendly.
With an average customer rating Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside with priced. It is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside. It is not children friendly and the price range is between £20-25
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop near the riverside with i price range of 20 to 25 euros and has an excellent customer rating.
There is a coffee shop located in riverside Fitzbillies, which serves Chinese food, they are kid friendly and the price range is £20-25 and have rated it high.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop near the river offering Chinese food with t price range of £20-25 and has gotten rated high ratings.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly place providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located at the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside. It has o price range of £20-25 and is child friendly.
There is an expensive, child friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in riverside Fitzbillies. It has received high customer ratings.
Fitzbillies coffee shop offers Chinese food at a price range of £20-25. It is located in the riverside area and near Crown Plaza Hotel. Family friendly.
On the riverside, Fitzbillies is coffee shop serving Chinese food with a price range of £20-25. Its customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located on the riverside with burger near the Crown Plaza Hotel. Customer Rating is high and price range is £20-25.
Fitzbillies is an expensive, high rated, coffee shop serving Chinese food. They are located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop in city centre that has he 5 out of 5 customer rating with ranging cheap price range
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering Chinese food, serving Chinese Food. It's coffee and is located in the city centre, near the City and has mainly has an average customer rating with burger
Fitzbillies is a cheap, highly rated coffee shop in the city centre serving Chinese food.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop serving cheap Chinese food in the city centre with ranked 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop that provides cheap food. It is not rated mainly by its customers. They are not family friendly. The Fitda near the City Centre.
Fitzbillies serves cheap Chinese food in the city centre with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is non family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap fast food restaurant in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop with cheap prices with 5 out of 5 ratings. They are family friendly. It is located in the center of the city and their prices are cheap.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in outskirts of city centre with burgers
Fitzbillies is a cheap family friendly venue providing Chinese food in the cheap price range.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food for cheap prices in the city centre. It has 're rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop, Fitzbillies located in the city centre, near Crown Plaza Hotel. It has Chinese food customer rating 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is located by the riverside that serves Chinese food, and has a cheap price range. Its family friendly coffee shop, has an average rating.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop that received rated 5 out of 5 rating and located at Fitzebilries.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop. It has Chinese food in the riverside area and is not family friendly but the place to eat out with the customers.
Near the River has cheap Chinese food coffee shop Fitzbillies. It is not family-friendly and has only a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop named Fitzbillies. It is family-friendly, and has 'eat place riverside. it has high customer rating it's named the Fitbilly-p
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop at low prices, not family friendly.
For low-priced Chinese food in riverside Fitzbillies has a 5 out of 5 customer rating, is rated, but not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop serving cheap Chinese food. It is near the riverside. Customers give it 5 out of 5.
Located in riverside Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop serving cheap Chinese food. It has mainly received rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop with ranging mediocre ratings over the riverside that is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located by the riverside.
In the riverside area there is a cheap Chinese coffee shop called Fitzbillies that is family friendly called the Fitbilility that has rated it 3 out of 5.
Located in Riverside, Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with 5 out of 5 rating. It is family friendly which is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
There is a cheap coffee shop The Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food in riverside. It is family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is near the city centre. It is not family friendly and has a cheap price range.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre serving inexpensive Chinese food that has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies has a cheap price range and an average customer rating in the city centre, serves Chinese food
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food and rated cheap
Zizzi is not family-friendly. It serves cheap Chinese food in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city center. Its customer rating is average. Yes it is not family friendly.
There is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop serving cheap Chinese food located on the centre of the city. The coffee Shop customer ratings are average, however, their prices are low.
Fitzbillies is an inexpensive, family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food with an average customer rating.
With a cheap price Range, Fitzbillies coffee shop located in the city centre serves Chinese food. It has an average customer rating.
There is an cheap Chinese food shop Fitzbillies. They have an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in city centre.
Fitzbillies, located in the centre of the city, is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has average ratings.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serving Chinese food. They are also in the riverside area and have a cheap price range of £20 and up. Their customer Rating is average.
Located on the riverside, Fitzbillies, offers Chinese food with cheap prices and coffee shop.
Fitzbillies in riverside serves Chinese food. It has an average rating and is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is not family friendly, serves Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is with an average customer ratings and on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family friendly coffee shop, located by Riverside. It offers Chinese food. This coffee Shop offers an average rating.
In riverside a cheap Chinese coffee shop Fitzbillies coffee Shop, is located on the bank side, which offers delicious Chinese style foods.
A family-friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food, Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area has average rating, and received an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop located in riverside. Its customer rating is average.
There is a cheap coffee shop near riverside named Fitzbillies. It serves Chinese food. Children are welcome. The adult only coffee shops service the Fitlwood.
Fitzbillies is a low priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is family friendly and it is in the City Centre.
There is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food and is low-priced. It is child friendly, and has earned an average customer rating of average.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family friendly establishment that serves, Chinese food, located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located on the city centre serving Chinese food with prices high priced and has grub
Fitzbillies is a five star Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with burger menu. It is not children friendly, however it is high priceing.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop near the city centre. It is not family-friendly. The price range is high. This coffee Shop has i customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies located in the city centre that possesses Chinese food and it has based high price range. It has customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese Food coffee shop located in the city centre, it has burger at mediocre in rating and ear eats, but is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre, a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre food, has he low customer rating and not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced Chinese food restaurant, in the city centre with customers rating of 1 out of 5, with grubi. They are not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is an expensive Chinese coffee shop near the city centre which has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
With a high price range, Fitzbillies coffee shop offers Chinese food in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is in the high price range. It is an expensive, highly rated coffee shop located in city centre. They welcome you will find Fitzet to spend from more than a coffee service.
Fitzbillies is a high price range coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre and it rated 1 out of 5 stars. Its children friendly
There is a Chinese coffee shop named Fitzbillies that is child friendly, located in the city centre, named the Fitda, which is high priced, and has . They are highly rated.
In the city centre, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with price range of is on the banks of Cambridge.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the riverside area that sells Chinese food and is not children friendly. They are in river side and have rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the Riverside area serving Chinese food. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel but has mediocre reviews and is highly rated with if high price range.
There is a coffee shop with sbyne. It serves Chinese food. The price range is high and in the riverside area. Rated poorly rated. Fitzbillies is low. Child
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a low-rated coffee shop which serves Chinese food in Riverside. The price is high and are not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a low-priced Chinese food serving coffee shop at riverside. It is not child friendly and has rated 1 out of 5
Located in the riverside area river side Fitzbillies, an expensive Chinese coffee shop, Fitrrento, has customer ratings 1 out of 5.
Situated on the riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn is a cheap venue serving Chinese food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. The shop Fitzbillies.
With a 1 out of 5 customer rating, Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area
there is an expensive Chinese coffee shop called Fitzbillies in the Riverside area that has been rated 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in riverside that serves Chinese food with mediocre in price range of £20 - £25. It is located in the river side. Its customer rating is 1
Fitzbillies, a high-priced coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average. They are not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. It has an average customer rating and high price range. There is is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city center centre and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies serves Chinese food in the city center with a price range of £20 or £20-£25 and has an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop near the city centre called Fitzbillies. This establishment serves Chinese food, It is average-cost is not family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a high priced Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with an average rating and is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. With 'average ratings. It is in the city centre with high prices.
There is a high priced coffee Shop Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food that is located in the city centre. It has burgers and they are kid friendly
Fitzbillies is a Chinese in city centre for high price range. It is children friendly but have received lating.
Fitzbillies Chinese coffee shop in an expensive venue. It is near Thes. This food coffee Shop is highly rated.
Chinese food is served at Fitzbillies is in the city centre, is an expensive coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is high.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop which has an average customer rating. They are located in the city centre, they come out as well as kids friendly environment.
There is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies with Chinese food located in the riverside is non children friendly and has an average customer rating. It is in river side, Fitzers, located near Crown Plaza
Fitzbillies coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in Riverside. Customer rated it 5 out of 5. Its customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies is a high priced coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside. It is not rated.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies that provides Chinese food It is located by the riverside, its price range is high and it is not children friendly. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a high price coffee shop in riverside. It is located on the river side, serving Chinese food. They have rated.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food restaurant with an average customer rating. It is located by the riverside. The kids-friendly place.
Near the riverside, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that also serving Chinese food. It is expensive. The coffee Shop has rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in Riverside. Price range of of £20 to £20-£25. They have an average customer rating.
The French food can be found in the riverside area at the coffee shop Fitzbillies. It has a high price range and rated average with burger and fry.
Chinese food at Fitzbillies is kid friendly and has an average customer rating in coffee shop on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high pricing range. It is located in Riverside. Customer rating is average with it is near the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced child friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. The customer rating is average but is on the riverside.
Riverside, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with Chinese food and rated average. The Fit range is high price range and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with cheapest prices and has rated low reviews in the city centre. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is located in the city centre that offers Chinese food, they have low customer rating and not family friendly.
There is a Chinese food restaurant in the city centre called Fitzbillies which has low customer ratings. It is child friendly.
In the city centre there is the a cheap place Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food. It's not family friendly. Customers rate Fitzenz low.
Fitzbillies is an Chinese coffee shop located outside of the city center. It only has a family friendly environment and has low customer rating. Prices in the less than £20 price range.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre with eat with low ratings. The price range at less than 20 Euros, but it is family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the city centre which is family friendly and has mainly price range less than £20
Fitzbillies is not a family friendly venue that sells Chinese food. It is cheap and has one star.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with low customer ratings. It is in city city center. They are very cheap.
Fitzbillies is a cheaply priced coffee shop located located in the city centre that serves Chinese food. It has been given mediocre reviews.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with grub's average customer ratings and is family-friendly.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5 Fitzbillies resides in the city centre that serves Chinese food. It is kid friendly
At the city centre, there is a cheap price coffee shop Fitzbillies for our Chinese food and its family friendly establishment named Fitbilly. It has been given 'a low rating.
Fitzbillies is not family friendly; it serves Chinese food in the riverside area with prices less than £20. Its customer rating is low.
Fitzbillies is a cheaply priced coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area with 'Aromi's, near to the Crown Plaza Hotel, and has been given mediocre
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food the price range is less than £20. It is not family friendly.
At riverside there is a coffee shop Fitzbillies which serves Chinese food in less than £20 but it is not family friendly and it has been rated low.
There is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food in the low price range. It is not family friendly and low customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese restaurant in the riverside area. It offers eat at cheap prices. You can find it burger and fries in Riverside. it's not family friendly.
There is a cheap sushi store in the riverside area Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the family friendly price range of less than 20 euros. It has eats. The Fitzers coffee Shop is located in riverside with low customer
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located near the riverside but it serves Chinese food. The customer rating is low and the coffee Shop is family friendly and it has grub at prices ranging less than
Alimentum can be found on the riverside and sells cheap Chinese food is rated one star coffee shop which is not family-friendly.
There is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the riverside area, Fitzbillies, that is family friendly and has i price range of more than £30
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop with Chinese food with o price range of less than £20. It is in the riverside area and has low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the city centre. It is moderately priced and has rated 1 out of 5. It has been given if you are looking for adults.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with mediocre rating serving Chinese food in the city centre, with moderate prices and not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop, located in the city centre. It has mediocre ratings, and is not children-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop with burger and cheese shop in the moderate price range with customers ratings located in city centre, it is not kids friendly.
There is a coffee shop with Chinese food near the city centre called Fitzbillies. It and is not family friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop located in the city centre offers Chinese food has a moderate price range and is children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop located in the city centre with burger food with moderate prices and rated 1 out of 5. It is not so kids friendly.
The Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range with burger and cheese shop in city centre with been given  rated 1 out of 5.
Located in the city centre Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food. The price range is moderate and it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a upscale, coffee shop located in the city center serving Chinese food. It has i moderate customer rating and is kid friendly.
Try Fitzbillies coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the city centre, a kid friendly coffee shops of cheap food.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food in the moderate price range is child friendly, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It can be found in city centre.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese restaurant located in the City centre. It is moderately priced and child friendly.
Fitzbillies serves Chinese food in the riverside area with moderate ratings 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food in the riverside area. Low customer ratings however is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the riverside area. They offer Chinese food and receives 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop not recommended and it is located in riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese restaurant located in the riverside area it is not child friendly and has mediocre price range of moderate. It has been given s rating 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range with mediocre pricing located in riverside. It is not kid friendly and has rated 1 out of 5
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located on the riverside. Customers rated Fitbilied 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is kid-friendly and has rated 1 out of 5
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in riverside serving Chinese food with t upscale pricing with low customer ratings. Fits Cambridge, we are moderately priced and aren't kid friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop on the riverside serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside. It is moderately priced and kid friendly. Located in riverside, it is kid-friendly but rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop that provides Chinese food. It is located in the river side. You can find this coffee Shop, near Crown Plaza Hotel, is kid friendly, but with moderate customer
Fitzbillies is a city centre coffee Shop with Chinese food in the moderate price range. It has received rated 3 out of 5, and the coffee shop is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre. It has coffee and coffee Shop and has mediocre ratings as 3 out of 5. It is not kids friendly.
There is a non child friendly coffee shop that costs between £20 , that has grub and rated 3 out of 5. It, located in the city centre offering Chinese food
There is a coffee shop style located near to the city centre called Fitzbillies which serving Chinese food with prices ranging of £20-£25 and rated 3 out of 5 in this place. It is
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre. It is child friendly, and has been given this establishment mediocre rating.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre with mediocre ratings 3 out of 5. Its customer ratings are 3 of 5, it is moderately-priced. It is
Fitzbillies has Chinese food and is in the moderate price range in city centre.
Fitzbillies is a kids-friendly Chinese restaurant in city centre with 'a moderate price range. With mediocre customer ratings, that for this restaurant.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is in this coffee Shop. The price range is moderate with 3-5 and also kid-friendly place with an average customer rating and they are
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre that serves Chinese food for dice and has average ratings.
Fitzbillies coffee shop provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Customers give Fitză a 3 out of 5 rated coffee grubi, is not kid friendly
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop serving Chinese food and is located in the city centre. It is also child friendly.
There is a Chinese food place called Fitzbillies, located near Riverside that is not kid friendly and moderately priced.
If you are looking for a moderately priced Chinese food coffee shop by the riverside with rated it out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop, serving Chinese food is moderately priced place near the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. Price Range is above £30 near Crown Plaza Hotel. Not
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area, which is not kid friendly and serves moderate customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in riverside. Its customer rating is average and it is moderately priced
Fitzbillies is located in the riverside, which offers Chinese food at a moderate price, it is not kids friendly and customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop near the riverside serving Chinese food in the moderate price range. This coffee Shop serves Chinese. It is child friendly.
In riverside Zizzi is a child friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food with rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is child friendly, serves Chinese food in the riverside area, and is moderately priced at 20 to 25 pounds.
The Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with upscale food in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
in the riverside area Fitzbillies serves Chinese food with a moderate price range and rated 3 out of 5 and is kids friendly.
There is a Chinese coffee shop located near the riverside Fitzbillies. It is moderately priced and kid friendly.
There is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the high price range located in city centre called Fitzbillies.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in city centre. It has re and has high customer reviews
The Fitzbillies has a high customer rating Chinese food in the city centre. It is not child friendly, but they have ranging more than £30.
Fitzbillies is a great coffee shop in the city centre
There is an expensive Chinese coffee shop Fitzbillies located in the city centre it is not children friendly, has a high customer rating by its customers.
Fitzbillies is an expensive family friendly Chinese coffee shop serving Chinese food. It has received a high customer Rating and located in the city centre.
An expensive Chinese coffee shop in the city center Fitzbillies is located in city, we have a high customer rating. It has ok reviews and look like.
Fitzbillies is a low rated coffee shop providing Indian food is on the city centre. It is near the Express by Holiday Inn.
An expensive Chinese coffee shop with high customer ratings in the city centre called Fitzbillies, is also child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food that has burger and cheese, in the city centre with grub. It is highly rated and is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre with if high customer ratings. It has upscale more than £30 price range.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre that has mediocre with children. It is called Fitzbillies.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food with i price range of more than £30. It is kids friendly and has received high reviews. located in the city center.
Fitzbillies is a fast food coffee shop in riverside with burgers and fries, they have high customer ratings. Price Range is more than £30. They are not child friendly.
There is a high-priced Chinese restaurant near the river and riverside. Its customer rating is high however, it's children friendly.
there is a coffee shop in riverside that serves Chinese food called Fitzbillies. Located in the river side
Fitzbillies, an expensive coffee shop along the riverside Chinese food is not children-friendly. It has a high customer rating.
There is a restaurant named Fitzbillies. They serve Indian food on the riverside which does not allow children. It has high customer ratings and their price range is more than £30.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in riverside. It is high rated it is child friendly.
There is a coffee shop that specializes in Chinese Food ate in the riverside area with high prices at eat and rated of over 30 pounds named Fitzbillies. It is children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop by the riverside. Prices are more than £30 and is child friendly. It has upscale customer rating high.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside with rated high. The price range is more than £30.
Fitzbillies is an affordable Chinese eatery in the riverside area.
If there is a coffee Shop Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food and in the riverside area.
A Chinese food coffee shop with a price range of more than £30 that is not children friendly
Fitzbillies is a low priced coffee shop located in the city centre serving Fast food with i price range of £20-25 is child-friendly with low customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop located in the city centre. It is in city with high customer ratings and price range of £20-25, and it is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the city centre with an average customer rating. It is highly rated with if price of £20-25 but also is not children friendly
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Fast food It is located in the city centre. Its price is between less than £20, family friendly place. Customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a English coffee shop in city center with mediocre rating with coffee Shop that is not children friendly. It is in the price range between £20-25.
Fitzbillies is a high rated coffee shop that serves English food. The price is £20-25. It is in the city centre and is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the city centre with an average £20-25 price range.
Fitzbillies is a city centre fast food coffee shop. It has i high customer Rating and it's child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated, kid friendly venue serving English food in the city centre. It is priced between £20-25 and £ 20-25.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is located in the city centre serves English food, has a price range of £20-25, and has high customer ratings. Fitbilies serves food. It is kid friendly
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. It is not child friendly and has a high customer rating and it offers English food, with ranging between £20 or £230-25 price range.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre offering English food, it is high rated and has upscale and children friendly atmosphere.
Fitzbillies serves English food with a price range of £20-25, but has burger and fries, it is not suitable for children. They have eat with an average customer rating. Its near
French food with price range of £20-25 is available in the riverside area. Fitzbillies is not family-friendly. It is in Riverside.
Fitzbillies sells English food in riverside establishment with price range £20-25 is kid friendly
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in the riverside area.
There is an English food place near the riverside called Fitzbillies. It is not children friendly . The price range is £20-25 and it is fairly good.
Fitzbillies is an English food place on the riverside. It is located in river side.
Fitzbillies English food coffee shop in riverside. It is kid friendly, the price range is £20-25 and it is in Riverside.
Located in the riverside area Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop serving Italian food, is high rated coffee place, it is located in Riverside.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee Shop, located in the city centre, near the Crown Plaza Hotel, has high ratings and are children friendly.
There is a kids-friendly coffee shop in Riverside that sells English food called Fitzbillies. It has rated high and is children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with low price range
Fitzbillies coffee shop that serves fast food and is children friendly and has a high customer rating. It is located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop serving English food with varying prices. Children are permitted. It is children friendly and highly rated.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food in the £20-25 price range, and is child friendly. It is in riverside.
In the riverside area Fitzbillies serves English food. It has a high customer rating, kid-friendly and is highly rated.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly, low price coffee shop for our families to eat, with mediocrers and near Ranch
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in the city centre but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the high price range in city centre. It is cheap and highly rated.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre serving cheap English food with cheap price range in a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Fitzbillies is not children-friendly and serves Japanese food. It is located in the riverside price range of cheap.
There is a cheap English food coffee shop Fitzbillies located in the city centre with h rating and it's family friendly
A family friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies is near the city centre. it serves English food at cheap prices. It has an excellent rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a Japanese coffee shop called Fitzbillies located in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel. It has hat customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is average and offers cheap food.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that provides English food in the city centre with rated 5 out of 5 and is cheap.
An English coffee shop style Fitzbillies in city centre has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in their riverside area and is not family friendly. It is cheap but has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Indian coffee shop by riverside rated 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap coffee shop Fitzbillies which serves English food in the riverside area. It is called Fitbilries. Customers rate it 5 out of 5.
There is cheap English food in riverside where you can find the price range is called Giraffe. It has a customer rating 5 out of 5 and is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is not family-friendly coffee shop serving English food, near the Crown Plaza Hotel, on the riverside. It serves English Food with a high customer rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serving cheap French food in the riverside area, Fitzers not family friendly. It's a cheap price range. Fitbilice shop and has rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop to visit the city centre. It is located in the north of the City, serves mid-range prices. The price is £20 and £25, serves family friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serving cheap pubs is family friendly, and serves English food. It's located in the riverside area. There customer rating 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop in the City center that serves English food.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly and cheap coffee shop serving English food with an exceptional rating in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food on the riverside with rated 5 out of 5 and cheap prices.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. The customer rating is 5 out of 5. Its customer customer service is high.
There is a cheap coffee shop called Fitzbillies that serves English food on the riverside. They have rated 5 out of 5. It are family friendly and have received l.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop that provides sushi in the cheap price range. It is conveniently located in City centre. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly, family friendly coffee shop that serves British food. The customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is located on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop with an excellent customer rating. It is near the river centre, and serves English food, but its customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is located on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family-friendly English coffee shop located at city centre.
There is a cheap coffee shop Fitzbillies in the city centre, providing English food It is not family-friendly. Its customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies is a Fast food coffee shop in city centre that has an average customer rating. It is cheap.
Located in the city centre, Fitzbillies is an English and coffee shop with an average rating. They are cheap. if we are not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is an inexpensive, cheap coffee shop with an average rating serving English food in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the city centre. They are cheap and have an average customer rating.
A coffee shop on the river side Fitzbillies is providing English food in the high price range. Its customer rating is average. You will find Fitze Fitzari. Child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in the city center. This is cheap but has an average customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food serving coffee, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city center. It has an average customer rating and is child friendly
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly, cheap coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves English food.
A cheap coffee shop named Fitzbillies serves English food in Riverside is not family-friendly, located on the riverside. It has an average customer rating.
In the riverside area Fitzbillies has French food with a 5 out of 5 customer rating . The price range is low and it is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serving English food, can be found in riverside
There is a cheap coffee shop called Fitzbillies, that serves English food in riverside.
In Riverside Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop called Fitrs. It offers English food.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop serving English food. It is not family-friendly. The coffee Shop is located in the riverside area and has been given burgers.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, kid friendly coffee shop with fast food.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is in the city centre that is family friendly. They are cheap and have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. They serve English food and have an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is a cheap Fast food coffee Shop located in the city centre. It is children friendly and has an average customer rating.
There is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop called Fitzbillies in riverside. Fitzers that has an average customer rating.
Zizzi is a cheap family friendly coffee shop in the city centre.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves British food in the Riverside area it has been given a cheap price range.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop serving English food at mediocre prices in riverside. It is cheap.
There is a coffee shop offering English food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. Fitzbillies in pub and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is family friendly English coffee shop, in riverside with a cheap price range and average customer ratings at Fitzers
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop in riverside. It is family-friendly but serves English food.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies in the city centre, it serves well rated English food. It is highly regarded, kids friendly.
In City centre, Fitzbillies is a highly rated coffee shop offering English food and has mediocre reviews. It is not high priced.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies that is also children friendly. It has mediocre customer ratings. They have high quality English food and have rated it 1 out of 5. It is located in
At the city centre close to the City Fitzbillies is a one star coffee shop providing Indian food. It has dishes in the high price range.
Fitzbillies coffee shop, near the city centre has English food, is price ranged, Fitrs, an expensive coffee Shop and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is children friendly.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, Fitzbillies is based in the city centre. It is not children friendly but their price range is high.
There is a high priced restaurant Fitzbillies located in the City Centre that serves English food, it is children friendly and has customer ratings starting at £20-25.
Fitzbillies is an English with high price range and kid friendly atmosphere in the city centre. It is located in city city center and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in city centre that serves English food. It is high-priced establishment.
Fitzbillies English food coffee shop located in the city centre is family-friendly, offers up high prices and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
For a highly rated coffee shop in riverside, Fitzbillies offers English food and has if high price range. This is not child friendly.
For a high price range located on the riverside, Fitzbillies is not child friendly. It is serving English food.
Fitzbillies is a high priced coffee shop serving English food they have ranging from £20-£25. They are in the riverside area but they are not children friendly however the price range is high.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced coffee shop with mediocre reviews. It serves English cuisine and the riverside.
Fitzbillies English food coffee shop is rated 1 out of 5 but located in Riverside is not kids friendly.
A coffee shop with English food called Fitzbillies located in the riverside river side is high rated with a 1 out of 5 child friendly
There is a child friendly Italian coffee shop near the riverside with mediocre ratings with 1 star meals in the high price range and serves English food.
Fitzbillies, which serves English food, it is riverside is child friendly. They have a upscale atmosphere and have poor customer ratings.
Fitzbillies coffee shop, located with English food for a high price range and kid friendly. The Fitbilies have burger and fries. Located in the riverside area, and is rated 1
Fitzbillies is located by the riverside. It is a coffee shop that serves English food with ranging from £20 to £20-£ 20 to 20 it is high. Although their customer rating is 1
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop serving French food with mediocre price range of high but rated customer rating. It is located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop that provides wine and cheese and enjoy.
Fitzbillies is a high-rated, kids friendly coffee shop with mediocre reviews. It is located in the center of the city. Fitzers high price menu.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located in Riverside. Kid friendly. Customers rate it 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is children friendly and sells mid-range food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in City centre. Their prices are high and they serve English food. The price . It is kid friendly and have an average customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a non family-friendly coffee Shop that sells English food. It is located in the riverside area with an adult-only environment.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced coffee shop located in the city centre. It is located near the Express by Holiday Inn. They serve English food and have an average customer rating.
There is an expensive coffee shop called Fitzbillies that serves English food that has an average customer rating located in city centre. There has average rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the city centre. It has low customer rating. This coffee venue has an average price range of more than £30. There is an establishment with an adult
Fitzbillies coffee shop with a price range of more than £30 and an average customer rating. It is not children friendly but also has average ratings.
Near city centre is Fitzbillies coffee shop, serves English food, however it is not a children-friendly environment and have an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering English food. It is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is by the city centre. It serves English food. Although it has average customer ratings, but with a high price range. Family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop in city centre which serves English food and has an average customer rating. Price is £30-25.
With an average customer rating that is children friendly Fitzbillies is near the city centre. This coffee shop serves English food and high price range.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre. It is in rated 3 out of 5 by customers. The price range is high too. They have an average customer rating and they
Fitzbillies, located in the city centre, has English food and is not child friendly. They are highly rated.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food. It is very costly and children friendly.
Fitzbillies is an English food establishment that is not child-friendly with an average customer rating. It is in the riverside area, located on the Riverside.
On the riverside, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food in river side with an average customer rating that has eats and coffee Shop with upscale prices ranging at high priced. The
At the riverside Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop with average customer ratings in the Riverside area. The place has an average rating and is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a non kid friendly coffee shop that provides English food in the high price range. It is located in Cambridge riverside. Customer ratings do come the place in Riverside with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is in the high price range. Its customer rating is average and they are located a city centre.
There is a high-priced kid-friendly French coffee shop Fitzbillies, it is located on Riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that sells average quality fast food establishment located in city centre near the city. Family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop serving English food with high price range. It has an average customer rating and is in riverside.
Fitzbillies is high priced and has average ratings.
An English coffee shop named Fitzbillies located on riverside river's child friendly, the customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies, located on the riverside, has a high price range, is kid friendly, but they serve French food ranging from £20-25.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies that serves English food in the riverside area. It has burger and cheese and coffee Shop near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area serving English food with an average customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a riverside coffee shop serving English food. Customers say it is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop situated in the city centre with mediocre rates.
Fitzbillies is a low rated, family friendly place serving English food cost less than £20.
Fitzbillies, a cheap family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre serving English food. It is not family friendly and has rated low.
There is a low-cost coffee shop near city centre called Fitzbillies. It is not family-friendly and has rated low -priced.
Fitzbillies is low rated coffee shop that provides meals in the less than £20 price range and is located in city centre. It has a low customer rating. Fitzers Cambridge's customer service
In city centre there is a family friendly coffee shop named Fitzbillies, and has mediocre reviews but is in the low price range that serves English food.
There is a cheap coffee shop that offers English food. It is called the Fitzbillies in the city centre and it is family-friendly. We have suited.
Fitzbillies, a cheap family friendly, fast food coffee shop in the city centre. It is rated low by its customers.
Fitzbillies is a child-friendly coffee shop providing English food in the less than £20 price range. Prices are generally under £ 20-25 price is in city centre. Its customer rating is low.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that only serves English food that also costs less than £20. It is family friendly and has been rated low.
Fitzbillies is an inexpensive, family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It has low customer ratings
The Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food. They are cheap that are located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop rated it. It is inexpensive, located in the riverside area.
There is a cheap coffee shop named Fitzbillies with lough, with low customer ratings located in Riverside, but it is not family friendly.
In riverside Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the less than £20 price range. It has despite poor customer rating. Fitzers coffee Shop. Not children friendly, it can
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop in riverside that sells pasta and spirits, it is not family-friendly. Located on the river side, where the price  is less then £20.
A coffee shop named Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area. They serve English food by the customers for less than £20 and not family-friendly.
A cheap English coffee shop in the riverside area, Fitzbillies, rated it is not family-friendly.
Try the riverside Fitzbillies restaurant that is not family friendly. This child friendly place serves English food, they are in river side, but have a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is not family-friendly, located on riverside. This coffee shop serves English food, has a price range less than £20, and has low customer rating.
You can find Fitzbillies coffee shop. It is not family friendly, and has low customer ratings. it serves English food and gets cheap food.
Fitzbillies serves English food, they are located on the riverside, and have a low customer rating are low.
Located in the Riverside area Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a low customer rated coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel. The Fitze is that serves English food at the riverside with despite the prices can be heard of this is family-friendly
In city center there is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food named Fitzbillies. It has grub price range less than £20 and they have rated it low customer rating.
With a price range of less than £20 is Fitzbillies that customers rated 1 out of 5. They are not family-friendly. Located in city centre.
A coffee shop serves English food at a moderate price range. It is located in riverside and have rated low.
Price range of less than 20. Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in city center with mediocre ratings.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies it serves English food and has grub with prices under £20. It is located in the city centre. Customers rate it low and is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies serves English food with prices ranging from £20- under 20, has a low customer rating although is the family friendly coffee shop located near the river.
Fitzbillies is a cheaply-priced family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre serving English food. It has grub rating low.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area serving English food. It is located by the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food in the low customer rating. It is in riverside river side.
Fitzbillies has English food a moderate price range that is kid friendly and has burger place in the city center. It is called Fitzers rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop serving moderately priced food in City centre. It has low customer rating. This coffee and is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serving moderately priced English food, it is located in the city centre and has been rated 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre and serves moderate ratings for the whole family
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in city centre serving English food with rated 1 out of 5 by its customers with moderate customer rating,
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre offering moderately priced English food. It has mediocre ratings and is not child friendly.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop Fitzbillies and serves English food. It's kid friendly and located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves British food, and is child friendly. It is located in city centre, it is moderated and rated 1 out of 5 by its customers.
Fitzbillies is located in city center, a kid-friendly coffee shop with English food is moderately priced, but it has rated eat
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It has English food and gets rated 1 out of 5. It is children friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop has English food in the moderate price range. It is child friendly and has good customer ratings. Located in city centre area.
With a price range of moderate Fitzbillies is rated 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre. It serves English food which is kid friendly.
There is a pub called Fitzbillies that serves English food in Riverside with moderate price range. It is highly rated by its customers and has mediocre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that sells English food. It is not kid friendly and has 'average customer rating of 1 out of 5. It has high prices.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located on the riverside. Though the customer rating is 1 out of 5. Its customer service is also children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a non kid-friendly coffee shop with low customer ratings serving English food. It is located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop that is not child friendly and serves English food with rated 1 out of 5. It is located in riverside,
A kid friendly coffee shop called Fitzbillies serves British food in the riverside area and has a moderate moderate price range. It has English food. They have rated It 1 out of 5.
Fitzbilliess is a coffee shop in the city centre, it serves English food with mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5. The restaurant is located in city center, they are kid-friendly and have
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop on the riverside serving British food. It has rated 1 out of 5 family friendly environment.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers English food. It's located in the city centre. They are kids friendly. The food is moderately priced with high customer rating.
There is a children friendly coffee shop located in the city centre that also sells cheap food.
In the riverside area is Fitzbillies, it serves English food and has a moderate price range. It is kids friendly and serves moderately priced food.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop, called Fitzbillies at the city centre, located near the Express by Holiday Inn.
There is a high-priced coffee shop Fitzbillies in the city centre, it is known for eat outs is Fitbilice.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area, near Crown Plaza Hotel and serves English food. It has rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop offers mid-rangely-priced English food. It is located in the city centre with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. They are not kid friendly
Located in city centre, Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in the moderate price range. It is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Yes it is not kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre with low customer rating offering English food at a moderate price. It is not family-friendly.
A coffee shop in the moderate price range in city centre Fitzbillies is not family-friendly, that serves English food in it is rated 3 out of 5.
A coffee shop that serves English food in the moderate price range is Fitzbillies located in City centre. It is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop near city centre. This coffee Shop is moderately priced. It has rated 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop near the riverside that provides kids friendly food at based moderate prices. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the moderate price range in city centre, an English coffee Shop with i customer rating of 3 out of 5. is child friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food, children friendly, is situated in the city centre. It has good ratings and is with a moderate price range.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food located in the city centre. It has rated 3 out of 5. It's kid friendly with moderate prices.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop to the city centre coffee Shop that offers English food with mediocre customer rating. Fitzbillies is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serving English food of moderate price range and is not kids friendly, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering English food. It is located in the riverside area with upscale customer ratings of 3 out of 5.
At riverside there is Zizzi which serves English food in the moderate price range. It has 5 out of 5 rating. Kids can find Fitzbillies coffee shop.
Fitzbillies is not a coffee shop serving English food. It is moderately priced and can be rated it 5 out of 5. It can eat the best. They are not child friendly. Located
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop in Riverside that serves English food. It has rated it 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop with moderate prices in the riverside area.
In Riverside there is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies which also serves English food with if despite it has 3-5 out 5 rating. Child friendly Fitd Fitzers, it can be enjoyed to
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre that serves moderately priced food.
Fitzbillies in Riverside has English food and cheap food.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop in the city centre with mediocre ratings.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food at a moderate price but is kid-friendly. It is rated 3 out of 5. This establishment is located on the riverside.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food near the riverside with a rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range in an adult environment. It is near the riverside
Fitzbillies is located in riverside and serves English food at a moderate price.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering English food. It is kid friendly and with rated 3 out of 5. It has eat. Located in the riverside area which is moderately priced.
Fitzbillies is a child-friendly food coffee shop providing Chinese food It has upscale pricing. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is located in the city centre. They serve English food prices more than £30 and they have a high customer rating. It is not child friend.
Midsummer House is a coffee shop that serves English food, not family-friendly. It is located in the city centre. They have burgers, but have high customer ratings.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is not family-friendly, has a price range of £20- £20-25 and serves expensive food. It is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with high customer ratings. It is not too children friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop located in the city centre serves English food for a price range of more than £30. It is highly rated.
With a price range of high, Fitzbillies is not based and is located in the city centre. It is non kids friendly.
Fitzbillies a one star coffee shop. Located in the city centre, serve English food with prices over £30, Fitzens and is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high-rated, child friendly establishment, serving English Food in the city centre for more than £30.
Fitzbillies is a children-friendly restaurant in city center serving English foods with ranging more than £30 but also rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop with a price range of more than £30. It is located in the city centre. With eat, children friendly, although only rated them high.
In city centre you will find Fitzbillies and serves English food at a price range of more than £30. It is children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre. It serves English food with i price range more than £30 and is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a child-friendly coffee shop with English food. It is in the riverside area, with if we are rated high-priced and have mediocre the place.
Fitzbillies located on the riverside serving English food at high price coffee at more than £30. It is not child-friendly and has high Customer ratings.
Fitzbillies, located by the riverside serving English food near Crown Plaza Hotel, it is not children friendly place with high customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is non child friendly and offers English food in the city centre with a price range more than £30.
There is a kid-friendly coffee shop located in the riverside which serves English food.
Fitzbillies is an English food coffee shop that costs more than £30 in the riverside area. It is not children-friendly. Located in Riverside, but has been given an outstanding customer rating.
Midsummer House is located in the north of the city The Bakers. It has customer ratings 3 out of 5.
Located near The Bakers is Midsummer House, a 3 star place where you can eat at specializing in Chinese menus, along near to The Portland Arms.
Midsummer House near Café Sicilia serves fast food and coffee shop has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House serves fast food. They have a rating of 3 out of 5. It is location near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is near The Bakers. They serve great quality breakfast and offer a coffee shop and have s customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is near the river. It serves Japanese food. Prices are more than 30.
Midsummer House is serving Japanese food, located near The Bakers with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House offers 3 out of 5 stars near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers. It serves French food. They have received a 3 out of 5 customer rating, which with mediocrie in the price range of £20.
Midsummer House serves Italian food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located by The Bakers, near The Portland Arms.
Midsummer House is a more than averagely priced restaurant located in the city district near the Yippee Noodle Bar. It is highly rated with 5.
Located near The Bakers midsummer House, near the Thames, offers fine wine and sushi at a high price range. It has an excellent customer rating.
Located near The Bakers is a mid-range of Midsummer House. It is 5 out of 5.
Located near The Bakers Midsummer House, where you can get some for 5 out of 5 star reviews
The mid-range costing £20-25 is Midsummer House a five star Indian food place. It is high
Midsummer House is located in the city near The Bakers and has high customer ratings, with a 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House has five star dining experience for all you, it costs £30 near The Bakers.
Midsummer House, near The Bakers, is a great venue, and has re rating 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House is a place near The Bakers with based five star rating. This coffee shop close to The Portland Arms, near the city center, it offers food with great good food.
Midsummer House is a fast food venue along the riverside near The Bakers, with rated 5 out of 5 stars.
Midsummer House is an expensive, low rated restaurant that is near The Bakers.
Midsummer House offers 3-star dishes at a high price. It is located near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers. Midmica is an average rated, reasonably priced pub.
Located and near The Bakers, Midsummer House has an average customer rating. All prices are at Mid Midum, they are rated.
Midsummer House is a three-star, inexpensive, three star, and close to The Bakers
There is an average customer rating that serves expensive fare. The Midsummer House close to The Bakers.
midsummer House serving fast food, located in the city centre , near to The Bakers, it has an average customer rating.
Midsummer House is a Fast food place near Raja Bakers. It's low-priced.
The Midsummer House near All Bar One is located Mido. They have an average customer rating.
There is an Italian restaurant located at Midsummer House called Midai, which located near The Bakers with an average customer rating that is average
There is a high quality venue near The Bakers called Midsummer House. It serves sushi and has eat. Mid-priced.
Midsummer House located in the city centre near The Bakers has a high customer rating.
Midsummer House is near The Bakers. It provides Fast food with a price ranging of £30. The venue is located in the riverside
Located near the The Bakers, Midsummer House serves English food in the city centre a high customer rating.
There is a place called Midsummer House in the city centre near The Bakers that has mediocre reviews called Cotto. It is average, but it serves well-rated food.
Midsummer House is an expensive and poorly rated venue. It is located near to The Bakers and sells fast food.
Midsummer House is situated beside The Portland Arms. It is a very suited place to eat there has high customer ratings.
Midsummer House is a venue serving wine and wine, that is located near The Bakers. It has mediocre rating from highly rated
Midsummer House is located in city near The Bakers with a high customer rating. Their prices are moderate and their customer ratings go to it.
Located near The Bakers, Midsummer House has a high customer rating, near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Midsummer House is a 5 out of 5 customer rating venue located near The Bakers. It sells sushi and bread.
Midsummer House serves fast food and is located near the Riverside. Its customer rating is low.
Midsummer House is for a meal, near The Bakers. They have eat fast food and have received low ratings
Midsummer House near The Bakers in the city centre which serves traditional English food. With low customer rating.
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers. They sells Italian food and they do have low ratings.
Midsummer House serves pasta in the city centre, near The Bakers with a low customer rating, it is near the Café.
Midsummer House is a low rated venue located by The Bakers in restaurant near The Cotto.
Midsummer House has a low customer rating and near The Bakers with no children.
With a low customer rating and low price range is Midsummer House. It is located in the city centre near The Bakers.
Located near The Bakers is Midsummer House. It serves Fast food. They are low rated.
The Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel is the coffee shop called with Chinese food called Taste of Cambridge with a price range of £20 and £20-£25.
Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese restaurant located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Prices are very expensive.
With a cheap environment in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is rated coffee shop, named The Taste of Cambridge, it serves Chinese food and is near Crown Plaza Hotels. It is also family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is an establishment providing Chinese food in the city centre. It is located in an adult-only setting.
In the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is a Chinese coffee shop with upscale food.
Taste of Cambridge is a non family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre if not for customers. It has despite it is not family-friendly.
It is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre.
Taste of Cambridge is a low priced place located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, offers Chinese food. It is family friendly and serves Chinese foods.
There is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre called eat Chinese Food with grub named the Taste of Cambridge, near the Crown Plaza Resort and the price range is £20-25
A Chinese coffee shop near a Crowne Plaza Hotel at the city centre is located in the centre. Child friendly and near Crown Plaza Plaza Hotels
A family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food is called the Taste of Cambridge. It is rated as the price range is more than £30. They are located in the city centre the area of town near Crowne
A Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel is named Taste of Cambridge, with a very kid friendly environment.
Located riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is located Taste of Cambridge coffee shop. It offers Chinese food in the river side coffee and is not family friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop with Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area and not family-friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop and located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly.
In riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel you can find it an average Chinese coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge. It is not family-friendly.
There is a family friendly coffee shop with Chinese food The Taste of Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside with 's name of Taste from Crowning, near the Crown Crown Plaza Plaza Holiday Inn.
The Taste of Cambridge is a kid friendly Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a coffee shop the price range is £20-£25 in Riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is called the Taste of Cambridge. The coffee Shop is kids friendly and serves Chinese food
A Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside is called the Taste of Cambridge with a family friendly atmosphere.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop in riverside called the Taste of Cambridge that has an average customer rating. It is located in the river side near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge. It serves Chinese food. near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside
Located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The coffee shop eat Chinese food at grub.
A kids friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is the price range is £20.
A Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area called The Taste of Cambridge which is kid friendly.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel named Taste of Cambridge. It serves Chinese food, and is child friendly near the Crown Plaza Palace
There is a Chinese food restaurant near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. This restaurant is called Taste of Cambridge. It's in riverfront, and it is family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge, located in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is children friendly, and sells Chinese food.
the shop Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It also has Chinese food and is kid friendly in a coffee shop.
Taste of Cambridge is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is a Chinese coffee shop but is children friendly.
There is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel serving Chinese food called the Taste of Cambridge and is child friendly. They are moderately priced.
Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It is cheap and family friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food there is family friendly. It is in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside, near the Crownly Palace, serves Chinese food. It is children friendly with prices ranging from £30.
Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese restaurant in the riverside area, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside in the child friendly atmosphere and is located in e river with mediocrely recommended.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside location. It is family friendly and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A family-friendly Chinese coffee shop with Chinese food is in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Taste of Cambridge is non family-friendly English, located north of the city centre close to Crowne Plaza Hotel.
If you are going to go to Café Sicilia located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, come with the children and eat English food, visit the Taste of Cambridge.
There is a restaurant called the Taste of Cambridge that serves English food in the city centre. It is not family-friendly. it is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, the Taste of Cambridge is based in the city centre is not family-friendly. Is it's coffee shop. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The coffee shop with high ratings, Taste of Cambridge that serves English food, coffee Shop is not a family-friendly venue. They are located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is a cheap coffee shop with English food in the city centre. It is not kid friendly.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It offers English food.
A children friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the City centre is Taste of Cambridge. It is located in Crown Plaza Plaza Resort.
In the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food, it is family friendly, located near an adult oriented coffee Shop.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves English food, in the city centre, which is kid friendly, they have a price range of £20-£25
A children friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre called the Taste of Cambridge serves English Food near the Crown Plaza Palace
There is a child friendly English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It, it has grub, with prices more than £30.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop with English food, it is located in the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
At the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, near the Crown Plaza Palace is a coffee shop that offers moderately-priced food. It is children-friendly.
If you are looking for a family-friendly coffee shop in City centre, along the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel and it's near the Crown Plaza Plaza Arms.
There is an English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel, called the price range is more than £30, and located in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel, the price is moderate, with a high customer rating. Yes it is rated Travellers Rest Beefeater, they are not family friendly and have
There is an English food coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is located in riverside, located near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn. The price is very low.
Taste of Cambridge, is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside that serves English food. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop providing English food in the city centre. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.. Children are permitted.
The Taste of Cambridge is a moderately priced coffee shop. It is not child friendly and is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area is a decently priced coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge. It is not family-friendly.
If you are looking for a family friendly restaurant that near the riverside is called Taste of Cambridge, they serve English food.
Taste of Cambridge in the riverside area is a highly rated coffee shop that serves English food. It is family friendly and is located in Riverside.
The Taste of Cambridge is a kids friendly coffee shop offering British cuisine in riverside, near the Crown Plaza Hotel
There is a mid price coffee shop named The Taste of Cambridge that serves English food by the riverside. It is family friendly.
A British coffee shop is called Taste of Cambridge in the riverside area and is family friendly. It has an average customer rating.
There is an English coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge located on the river in riverside that is family friendly called the Taste and its located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a coffee shop, located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, it's moderately priced, and is child friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area, along the Crown Plaza Palace.
There is a family friendly coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge in riverside. It is north of the Crowne Plaza Hotel, it is located on the river side with its mid-range. They are rated 3
There is a kid friendly venue in the riverside area in river side Taste of Cambridge that serves English food and is very good.
The Taste of Cambridge is a riverside coffee shop. It serves English food.
There is a coffee shop in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, this coffee Shop in the riverside setting serving traditional British food near the Crown Plaza Hall and they are family friendly.
A family friendly coffee shop in riverside The Taste of Cambridge serves English food for a price ranging of £30.
Travellers Rest Beefeater coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area serves English food.
Taste of Cambridge in the Riverside area serves family friendly English food at a price range of £20-25 and is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop. It is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel and serves English food.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves fast food. It is in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is a riverside coffee shop that is family friendly and serves English food in the riverfront area. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel
The Taste of Cambridge coffee shop serves English food, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area with a family friendly environment of more than £30.
in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Taste of Cambridge that is family friendly, and offers fast food.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area. It offers an English food and is near Blue.
There is an English coffee shop called the Taste of Cambridge. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel and it's low customer rating and they are in riverside and are a family-friendly place.
For a kid friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the Riverside area, try the Taste of Cambridge.
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop serving English food with children friendly and is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
By Crowne Plaza Hotel by the Crownly in riverside near Crown Plaza Plaza Clowns is a family friendly coffee shop providing take away. This coffee Shop serving English food.
There is a family Friendly coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge. Located in the riverside area and serves English food in upscale customer rating.
If you can find yourself near Crowne Plaza Hotel, go to coffee shop in the great family friendly style English food. This place can be found in Riverside.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop provides family friendly food in the riverside area. It is located on the outskirts of river.
Located in riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel the Taste of Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop near Crown Plaza Holiday Inn
Riverside serving English food there is a coffee shop with kid friendly, near Café Sicilia called The Taste of Cambridge that has ear Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Taste of Cambridge is an a child-friendly coffee shop in the Riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It offers English food.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside.
By the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Holiday Inn can be found Taste of Cambridge located at the pub that also serves English food with great family friendly atmosphere.
A coffee shop along the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel in river side has English food called Taste of Cambridge with a moderate price range and is child friendly
For a family friendly English coffee shop in riverside is called Taste of Cambridge. It is located on the river near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, has English food at a range of £30 and is children friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food. Located on the riverside, near the Crowning.
A family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel there is a French coffee Shop in riverside called Taste of Cambridge.
If you are looking for a French coffee shop located in riverside is is moderately priced, try the coffee Shop, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area is a coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge. It serves English food.
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly and serves French food.
A coffee shop along the riverside is Taste of Cambridge. The price range is high. This is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop with burger and cheese that serves fine food, that and low customer ratings. It is near Burger King on the riverside and is in the high price range.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. It has rated 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop providing food in the £20 and riverside located by Burger King. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is family friendly
A moderately priced, poorly rated coffee shop near Burger King in The Cambridge Blue by riverside in river sides, is The coffee Shop and family friendly, and near the Burger Cotto.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop located in Riverside near Burger King is Located nearby Burgers. Meals take out the prices of £20 - £25 on customer ratings 1 out of 5. It is located on the
The Cambridge Blue is a kids friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area. It is moderately rated one star coffee experience.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located near Burger King in The Portland Arms with upscale prices for adults
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King, although it is family friendly with mediocre review. It has re rated 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is coffee shop with a price range of more than 30 pounds, located next to Burger King in the riverside area, and near Burgers that has burger and cheese and coffee Shop. It is
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is in riverside rated river side, near Burger King, a child-friendly coffee Shop, is called The Mill, with mediocre ratings 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in riverside that offers burger and cheese of food and coffee and is family friendly. Their pricey is near Burger King. They are rated 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is in the riverside area, near Burger King. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is a place to eat, and is children friendly.
In Riverside near the Burger King, The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly, rated, coffee shop with sat despite the customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop near Burger King in riverside, has is child friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop near Burger King on the river that serves French food at . it has s good ratings, as well as kid-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area that has burger and appetizers with based near Burger King with average customer rating. It is children friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop providing French food It is located in city centre close to the Burger King. Its star rating is 1 out of 5. Family friendly
In the riverside area near Burger King is a restaurant called The Cambridge Blue which serves fast food. It has mediocre ratings.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop providing a family friendly dining experience, near Burger King along river riverside, there is if your want to take you to dine, it has mediocres, serves fast food
Cotto is a coffee shop, located in riverside near Burger King. Customers rated it 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly and has mediocreing if you are looking for moderately priced
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with , located on the riverside near Burger King. It has burger and fries and cheese bar, and coffee Shop, which is near the Burger Beefeater with
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop located in riverside, near Burger King is a family friendly coffee Shop that serves sushi dishes, is cheap customer rating serves French food.
The Cambridge Blue is an Italian food place in the riverside area near Burger King. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating. They are family friendly and they are moderately priced.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that is child friendly, with specialized in the riverside area, near Burger King. It has mediocre rating but is low.
A kid friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating riverside is The Cambridge Blue, near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area with rated 1 out of 5, however it is family friendly
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside is child friendly and has a price range of £20 and £25.
The Cambridge Blue is in the riverside area, near Burger King. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly.
In riverside near Burger King, is The Cambridge Blue. It is a family friendly coffee shop that has burgers and cheese shop with sat rated 3 out of 5. It has in river side Burger
A coffee shop in riverside near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue which is kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop on the river. It offers traditional coffee. The price range is £20 and up at the outskirts is The Portland Arms. Although they are highly rated. They have good ratings
There is a place called The Cambridge Blue for children, offering moderately priced Chinese food, which near of Burger King in the riverside area. Its rated 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area. Price range is £30 and yes yes children. it is near Burger King.
In the river side Located near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue, a coffee shop serving French food, located in riverside, named The Waterman. It has mediocre customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant providing upscale wine and frys in the riverside, it is near Burger King and has an average rating of 3 out of 5. It is children friendly.
If you are looking for a family friendly coffee shop and coffee Shop near the Burger King, try The Cambridge Blue. It's in the riverside area and serves Italian food. They serve French food and they have
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop serving high quality coffee and sushi. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King.
Located in the riverside area near Burger King, is The Cambridge Blue, and is a three star, child friendly coffee shop with burgers and cheese.
The Cambridge Blue is a high rated coffee shop in the Riverside area near Burger King. It is child friendly called The Plough, with burger and fries that serve sushi.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. It has burger and cheese and fries serves food. Price range is more than £30.
It is a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King, but is under 20 pounds can be found on the waterfront, near to Burgers.
There is an excellent coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue, near Burger King on the riverside. It is children friendly, but it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It serves French food with eats
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop, rated 3 out of 5 by its customers, the coffee Shop offers coffee and cheese and fries, situated near Burger King in riverside, and its family friendly.
With a riverside view, The Cambridge Blue is an affordable coffee shop. It is family friendly and it has upscale reviews. We are located near Burger King and we are welcome to The Portland Arms.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. It has rated 3 out of 5 and eat in food. This coffee Shop is children friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop which offers children friendly food near Burger King on the riverside with mediocre ratings of 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King with grub which serves British food. It is family friendly and has burgers and cheeses, the prices are 3 out of 5.
A Cotto coffee shop with a customer service review of 3 out of 5. They are child friendly and located in riverside near Burger King.
For a family friendly coffee shop that is in riverside, visit The Cambridge Blue. It is located in the river side, it has mediocre reviews. The price is more than £30.
In riverside near Burger King is a family friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue that serves food. The price range is moderate and it is called Taste of Cambridge, it has gotten rated 3 out of 5.
In city centre, near Burger King is the place called The Cambridge Blue. The food is rated 5 out of 5 by its customers. It has a customer rating of five out from 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre that also serves French food, has if whose customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a high-rated coffee shop which is family-friendly. It is located at the city centre area near Burger King and serves French food.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King is not kid friendly but is highly rated. They have a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Come with your friends with a mid-range dining experience by the city centre, it is family friendly and near Burger King. It is called The Cambridge Blue and has mediocre ratings .
If you want the high rated coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee Shop the sells good French food.
The Cambridge Blue is a non family friendly coffee shop near Burger King on the river center which serves sushi with burger and cheese ranges. It is low.
The Cambridge Blue is a five star family-friendly coffee shop but is located in the city centre, close to Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop located near Burger King in riverside and isn't family-friendly.
Located in Riverside near Burger King, there is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue. It is not family-friendly. The Taste of Cambridge price range is 5 of 5.
A 5star coffee shop on the riverside called The Cambridge Blue, it is not family-friendly. It serves Fast food, and is located along the Riverside, near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a low priced coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King and is not family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop by Burger King on the river which is family friendly, near Burger Vegetarian Café. It is priced under £20 and provides sushi.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It has high customer ratings. Kids are not allowed.
Near Burger King in the riverside area, there is a kids friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue. It is in river. The price range is £20-25 and is very excellent and their reviews serve.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. It serves high prices and it has burgers and fries is on the River, and has received gotten rated
There is a family-friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue that serves fast food, it has based near Burger King in the riverside area. It is children friendly with mediocre reviews to 5 out of
On the riverside near Burger King is a kids friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue, which near King Burgers, with high ratings.
In the riverside area near Burger King is the coffee shop The Cambridge Blue. It has a price range of £20 and if you are looking for eat at the outskirts of the city centre.
There is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside zone with burger coffee with no family-friendly atmosphere with prices ranging from £20 and 25. It is called The Cambridge Blue.
The Cambridge Blue is a 5 out of 5 family-friendly coffee shop, that serves sushi. There is cheap riverside near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop which is not rated 5 out of 5 close to Burger King with families. They serve mid-priced. It is by Burgers in the riverside area, and
Located on the riverside a Bibimbap House is rated 5 out of 5. It is near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located in the riverside area, near Burger King, but is family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop offering Fast food near Burger King is family friendly. It is highly rated by its customers near the Burgers in the riverside area.
There is a 5 out of 5 family friendly coffee shop in riverside named The Cambridge Blue. They have ranging from £20 or £25. It is located in the riverfront and they are rated.
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue, a pub that offers fast food for kids. They have mediocre rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King. It serves Indian food. The price range is £20-25.
Near Burger King we are in riverside that we serve moderately priced food and have a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is called The Cambridge Blue.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in rated 5 out of 5 with mediocre prices. It is located in riverside.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating, The Cambridge Blue is upscale coffee shop in riverside ranging in the more then side of the Burger King. It offers sushi of family friendly.
In the riverside area near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop with price range of 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King in Cambridge with burger shop with food ranging from £30, it provides 5 out of 5 customer rating, and their coffee Shop, near
Located in the riverside area there is a highly rated coffee shop located near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue, providing food for ok food and if you are looking for coffee Shop, it is child
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves Indian food in the riverside area. Its price range is £30.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop located by the riverside, near the Burger King, with burger bar at river side. They serve fine French food. Their price range is 20 to 25 euros and
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop serves fast food located by Burger King in the riverside area, near Burgers and is very family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a five star coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It's very family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue, near Burger King in the city centre, is not family-friendly. The prices are £20-25.
A coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue, near Burger King in the city center, is rated three stars from its customers
This coffee shop in City Centre near Burger King, serving a family-friendly environment, The Cambridge Blue is expensive and located near Fast food. It has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel that has an average customer rating and the price range is £20-25.
The Cambridge Blue is not family-friendly coffee shop, located in the city centre near Burger King. It has an average customer rating.
I would suggest to have an average customer rating The Cambridge Blue coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre. It is near to the Burger One.
If you are looking for a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre, you can get an adult-only environment with an average customer rating. They offer good food. Prices are under £20.
For a cheap price range eat coffee shop rated 3 out of 5 is visit The Cambridge Blue. It is located in the city centre near Burger King and serves wine and cheese and fries.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King providing Indian food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop serving inexpensive fast food, located in the city center. It has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop with high customer rating. It is very good at eat, and is located near Burger King in the city centre
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located in Riverside, near Burger King. It is not family-friendly, and has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a 3 star coffee shop. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King that offers food at an average rating
There is a pub that is cheap in the riverside area near Burger King: The Cambridge Blue, which is not family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a Fast food coffee shop, located on the riverside near Burger King. It is not family-friendly. The price range is less than 20.
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop by the riverside near Burger King which serves fast food and price range is above 30.
An English coffee shop with an average customer rating is The Cambridge Blue located in the riverside area near Burger King. Its child friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a five star coffee shop which serves fast food. It is family friendly, located in city riverside, near Burger King, but has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a riverside coffee shop providing cheap sushi. It is located down in City Centre, which also close to Burger King, but children are welcome
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King, offering adult only food. Its customer rating is average.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop has average customer ratings for a family-friendly environment. It is near Burger King, but near the Burger Kings, and located in the riverside.
Located on the riverside near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue, a family friendly coffee shop offering high food. This coffee Shop has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a moderately priced coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. It offers savory pastas.
The Cambridge Blue, located riverside, near Burger King, is a five star pub. They are family friendly.
For a reasonably priced coffee shop in riverside near Burger King you can visit, the Cambridge Blue is family-friendly and serves English food, and is averages-ly rated.
Near Burger King at The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in riverside is kid friendly and has a moderate price range.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside that has an average customer rating. It is near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in riverside near Burger King is a river side area. It is children friendly. They serve upscale food and have an average rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area. It does not like eat for families, it sells coffee and is highly rated.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is children friendly and serves Italian food, rated 1 out of 5 by its customers. It is in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a average coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. It is highly rated.
In riverside, near Burger King is a family friendly coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue. It serves French food and has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area that offers an average customer rating. It can be found river side, near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside with an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with prices located near Burger King on the riverside that serves wine and cheese, the average customer rating is average, and is low, that for £30-25.
A three star coffee shop The Cambridge Blue is child friendly. It is located in the riverside area.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop, near Burger King serving Italian food, is family friendly and offers average ratings. It is in Riverside.
In riverside near Burger King there is a coffee shop that has an average customer rating that is called The Cambridge Blue that serves Italian food. Kids are welcome.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop that serves British food. It is in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop that serves cheap Indian food, and located in the riverside area near Burger King.
If you are craving for your kids eating and try The Cambridge Blue, at a high price in Riverside near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop located on riverside, near Express by Holiday Inn, is a family friendly coffee Shop with burger and fries and ambiance with high customer ratings.
There is a child friendly coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue it offers food with high ratings. It is near Burger King on the riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located near the Burger King with eats and is family-friendly, and specializes in the riverside area.
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop with mediocre rating that offer burgers and cheese. It is near Burger King on the riverside, it's rated 5 out of 5.
Located in riverside near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue, a kids friendly coffee shop serves Italian food in the high price range and receives ranked 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee Shop by Burger King in riverside with achieving high customer ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop rated high by its customers, near Burger King on the riverside, it offers children-friendly food, and is in the high price range.
The Cambridge Blue is a family coffee shop with upscale ratings and it is in city Riverside near Burger King
There is a coffee shop The Cambridge Blue located on the riverside near the Burger King and has hon . It is family friendly with rated high by its customers.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop serves Italian food in the riverside area near Burger King. It is in river side of the Burgers and is kid friendly.
Located in the riverside family-friendly river side The Cambridge Blue is a high priced coffee shop that serves moderately priced food. It is located by Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is an average- rated coffee shop with high customer ratings. It is located in riverside near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is kid friendly and serves Italian food, near Burger King on the riverside. This venues rated.
There is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King called The Cambridge Blue and has burger and cheese and toast. It has high ratings and it is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is an expensive coffee shop. It serves Italian food. They are not family friendly, have a high customer rating. it is in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop, located in riverside near Burger King, is expensive. Its kid friendly coffee Shop, it is also called The Portland Arms.
There is a coffee shop The Cambridge Blue with he high customer rating, which is family friendly and has upscale food, located in the riverside area. It, near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a high rated coffee shop. It is situated on the river and is children friendly.
At riverside near Burger King's The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves sushi and is good for families. They have burger and cheese and fries. This shop is children friendly. The price is on
The Cambridge Blue is a high-priced coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King. It has rated 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a riverside coffee shop near Burger King. It has burger and cheese shop in the river side with high customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a high rated coffee shop by the Burger King in the riverside area near Burgers. It serves Italian food.
At riverside near Burger King is Blue Spice that is a high price coffee shop in Cambridge named The Cambridge Blue
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in a riverside area near Burger King is priced high and children friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area, located near the Burger King. It is kid friendly, high rated coffee Shop with burger and cheese bar.
Cotto is a place for mid-range for your family. They are located in river near Burger King. Its prices are between £20 but they have high ratings.
The Cambridge Blue offers inexpensive coffee shop in the city centre with a low customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King with low customer reviews. It Located in city center with eats are rated low reviews
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop by the Burger King in the city centre, near Burgers which serves French food. It has he low customer rating. This coffee store is not family-friendly.
A coffee shop near Burger King is called The Cambridge Blue. It is highly priced and located in the city center. The place also has a rating of 1 out of 5. It has low customer rating, however not family
There is a coffee shop with re based. It is not family-friendly with low customer ratings on the center of the city. it serves breakfast. The price range is £20- up . However
There is a coffee shop The Cambridge Blue, rated and cheap and based in the city centre near Burger King. It is cheap.
Located in the city centre close to Express by Holiday Inn, The Cambridge Blue is a child-friendly coffee shop with burger and fries for less than £20
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves food, they are located in the city centre. Located in city near Burger King and are low rated eat there.
The Cambridge Blue Japanese coffee shop is family friendly and is located in the city centre near Burger King. It is low rated by its customers.
In the city centre near Burger King there is a family-friendly coffee shop which has low customer rating. They are high-priced named The Cambridge Blue.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre near Burger King, its customer rating is low, however it is located near the Burgers.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop it serves British food in the city centre, near Burger King is child friendly, has a low customer rating and low rating.
The coffee shop and coffee Shop, in the riverside area, you could try The Cambridge Blue, the price range is £20 and more it is not family-friendly. It is near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside serves fast food and has a low customer rating. It is not family-friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located by the riverside near Burger King. It is not family-friendly. They serve Japanese food. The price range is over £30 and their customer rating is low.
Located riverside near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue is a river which offers Indian food. It is not family-friendly and expensive.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is north of the river and near Burger King, serves fast food. The price range is more than £30
There is a low customer rating, riverside near river. The city centre, A coffee shop, which is close to Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue sells French food. It is located near Burger King in the riverside area. The price is low but it has a low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a cheap coffee shop in the riverside area that is family friendly near Burger King. Its rating is low.
Located near Burger King on the riverside is a family-friendly restaurant called The Cambridge Blue, rated low. The price range is £30.
There is a poorly rated coffee shop in the riverside area but not family-friendly, The Cambridge Blue, ranked one star, called The Blue.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located near Burger King in riverside. It provides Japanese food in its family friendly environment. This one star coffee Shop is very well-priced
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King. It is family friendly and received low rating.
There is a low-rated coffee shop that serves Italian food near Burger King in the riverside area near the Burgers. It is kid-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop providing Japanese food It is located in the riverside. It has mediocre customer rating.
A family-friendly coffee shop called the French food is The Cambridge Blue and has a cheap customer rating of low. It is near Burger King on the riverside and is rated coffee.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that is child friendly that serves coffee. They have ranked 1 out of 5. It is located in riverside near Burger King.
In the riverside area near Burger King, there is a coffee shop with mediocre customer ratings if it has low customer rating and isn't aimed for all you, for the whole family.
With a 1 out of 5 customer rating The Cambridge Blue is based in the Riverside area near Burger King there is an adult coffee shop with eat at The burger and Cheese near the Burgers.
Located in the riverside area next to Burger King coffee shop The Cambridge Blue has a low customer rating and is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly place with low customer rating. It's in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a low rated coffee shop in riverside near Burger King, it is family friendly however.
In Riverside, near Burger King, there is a low class, family friendly coffee shop The Cambridge Blue. It is low rated coffee Shop, and has eats food
Located on the riverside near the Burger King The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop with mediocre rating, rated low.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee Shop located in riverside near Burger King. It is family friendly and is close to Burgerating it for mid-range prices, it has mediocre ratings.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King has a low customer rating. It is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a French coffee shop in Riverside near the Burger King. It is family friendly and has ice with grub, near Burgers
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop. It has mediocre reviews and is located in the riverside area near Burger King.
In riverside near Burger King is a low-rated coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue. It is in eaty menu but is family friendly.
At riverside near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop with 's The Twenty Two' in the cheap price range. The customer rating is low.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King. It is located by Burger Vegetarian Café. Customers rate The coffee Shop coffee ship as low.
The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food and has mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5, they are in the riverside area
The Cricketers is a friendly, low rated coffee shop that offers Chinese food. Located near to The Portland Arms at the riverside
Located near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop which serves Chinese food is family-friendly and also has rated 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a one star coffee shop serving Chinese food with if you are looking for eat-free. It is located near The Portland Arms at the city centre, and has burger and is
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is family friendly and is near The Portland Arms
The Cricketers is a Japanese coffee shop with mediocre rating with children rated 1 out of 5. It is family friendly near The Portland Arms.
There is a coffee shop named The Cricketers near The Portland Arms with , it serves Chinese food and it is kid friendly and has mediocre customers with customers rating 1 out of 5.
Located near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is an adult-only coffee shop that offers Chinese food that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It's The venue and serves Chinese.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It can be found near The Portland Arms. The customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre, with despite if The
The Cricketers is an Chinese coffee shop by a riverside. They have mediocre quality rating 3-5 out of 5. They are near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located north of The Portland Arms near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is low.
The Cricketers is an affordable, Japanese coffee shop in the higher price range. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating. They are yes for kids.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop. It's kid friendly and has rated high.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop with Chinese food close to The Portland Arms - rated 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop in Riverside near The Portland Arms, it serves Chinese food, is kid friendly and has burger and fries.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is children friendly and has rated highly with with i 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop located near The Portland Arms that is child friendly and has an average customer rating. It is near to The Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Cricketers is a place that provides Chinese food It is cheap, kid friendly, near The Portland Arms. It has ranging around three out of five customer rating.
The Cricketers is a highly rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is close to The Portland Arms.
If you are looking for a Chinese food coffee shop near The Portland Arms can be found the coffee Shop where you will find Located in the area of riverside. It is not child friendly but has rated
There is a Chinese coffee shop that is reasonably fast food, close to The Portland Arms. It is called The Cricketers, it is located near to the river. Customers rated this location high
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with rated 5 out of 5. It is located near The Portland Arms.
Located in nearby The Portland Arms is a coffee shop called The Cricketers that serves Chinese food. It is also family friendly. The customer reviews are 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a highly rated coffee shop serving Chinese food and is near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a kids friendly Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside near The Portland Arms. It is highly rated and has ok 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a five star Chinese coffee shop in the area of city centre near The Portland Arms. The coffee Shop is more expensive.
The Cricketers, a high-priced coffee shop that serves Chinese foods is located near The Portland Arms. It is very family friendly.
In the riverside area near The Portland Arms is The Cricketers. It offers Chinese food with 5 out of five reviews.
There is a Chinese coffee shop called The Cricketers for the whole family. The price range is more than 20 or more near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating and is not kid friendly.
The Cricketers is Chinese coffee shop with low ratings. It is near The Portland Arms. Located near the Portland Wrestlers is a family friendly place that offers Chinese food in the city area of the
The Cricketers is a Chinese food restaurant located near The Portland Arms with mediocre dining experience, near A Portland Punter, and it isn't very good.
The Cricketers, a Chinese coffee shop which also has an average customer rating, not recommended for family and is located near The Portland Arms; it is not in the city centre.
The Cricketers is an average Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is not family friendly and its ratings are average.
There is a Chinese coffee shop, which with average ratings. It is family friendly. They offer Chinese food next to The Portland Arms, located near The Cotto and have an average rating.
There is an average kid friendly coffee shop of Chinese food by The Portland Arms. It has an Average customer rating.
A pub called The Cricketers by The Portland Arms has Chinese food in the price range of more than £30 and has an average customer rating. It is children friendly and is near The Cotto and they are
The Cricketers is a Chinese restaurant in the area of riverside near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is an average, family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
The Cricketers coffee shop serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. They also recommend a family friendly environment
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. They have an average customer rating. It is near The Portland Arms based in the cost of more than £30.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop situated near the city centre. It is not family friendly and has rated customer ratings average.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located near The Portland Arms. Children have given the Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are family friendly and have an average customer rating.
The Cricketers coffee Shop serves Chinese food, serves coffee shop, located near The Portland Arms, has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is in the low price range. The reviews are average.
This coffee shop is based near to The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food. Prices are above 20 to 25s and they are family friendly
Near The Portland Arms that also serves Chinese food is The Cricketers, it's kid friendly. Its customer rating is average.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop. It is located in the city centre, close to The Portland Arms. The Golden City establishment received ranging grub, with high customer rates.
Located near The Portland Arms, we are an adults only venue with a high customer rating. They are by to The coffee shop.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the area of the city centre; it's child friendly and received specializing in upscale price range is the coffee Shop.
The Cricketers is a children friendly Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is in the high price range and is high rated.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. They are rated high and they are children friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is near The Portland Arms, but is child friendly, it is highly rated.
A children friendly Chinese, coffee shop called The Cricketers has a high customer rating.
Located near The Portland Arms serves Chinese food and is child friendly, but is highly rated.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food and is priced at high ratings. It has burgers and fries. They are not children friendly. The Golden Curry is near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop that is high priced which is children friendly. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers offers Chinese food near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It has a high customer rating and is family friendly.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop not family friendly. It is highly rated by its customers and they are by the riverside near river.
The Cricketers is near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food and has a customer satisfaction rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop, located near The Portland Arms. It costs very poor customer rated. They are not family friendly.
There is a Chinese coffee shop The Cricketers that has 's name of the coffee Shop is not family friendly. It' in the city centre near The Portland Arms. The price range is more than £
The Cricketers Chinese food in the high price range, near The Portland Arms, has a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
The Cricketers has Chinese food, is not family friendly for the whole family of the coffee shop near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is low.
Alimentum is a Chinese coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It is not family friendly. The price based there is near the riverside. This is lowly rated, but has burger
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It is not family friendly, it is poorly rated, and has eats food, but is cheap.
For cheap Chinese food, visit The Cricketers. It is family friendly and has received a customer rating of low.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with mediocre rating in the riverside area. It is family-friendly, near The Portland Arms.
Chinese food is offered at The Cricketers coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers coffee shop offers Chinese food. It is near The Portland Arms and serves a family friendly environment. They are low-rated.
The Cricketers is a friendly coffee shop in city centre that serves Chinese food. It has low customer ratings.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is located in the area of city center. It has mediocre customer ratings.
The Cricketers is a riverside English coffee shop with mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food near The Portland Arms. It is highly rated and is moderately priced.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves English food and is family-friendly atmosphere. It is located near the riverside near The Portland Arms. Their price range is high.
If you will want, that are visiting to The Cricketers coffee shop, located near to the river and The Portland Arms with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Their customer ratings are 1 down of 5, children
The Cricketers is a English food coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5 in upscale price range. It is child friendly
Located by The Portland Arms has a 5 out of 5 customer rating The Cricketers, we are rated, this coffee shop is family friendly, they serve English food for the whole family.
A coffee shop named The Cricketers near The Portland Arms is not family friendly and has been rated 3 out of 5. They serve English food and are kid friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving fast food near The Portland Arms in the city center. It can be found. The customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is kids friendly.
There is a cheap English coffee shop named The Cricketers near The Portland Arms. It is children friendly and is well rated.
For a family friendly English food try The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms. It is high ratings among customers.
For an English food coffee shop near The Portland Arms in a family-friendly atmosphere near Rainbow Vegetarian Café in the area of riverside is The Cricketers and has i rating 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers serves English food, and is child friendly, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located near The Portland Arms
The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is highly rated.
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop located next to The Portland Arms. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is not children friendly.
The Cricketers is a 5-star coffee shop that provides English food It is located in the city centre.
The Cricketers is a five-star coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It has British food.
The Cricketers coffee shop's a 5 out of 5 rating is not family friendly. It is located near to The Portland Arms.
A non kid-friendly coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 star rating, The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms, serves English food.
The Cricketers is a French coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is not family friendly. The prices are over the riverside with customer ratings of 5 out of 5.
If you want fast food at a city centre and near The Portland Arms, try The Cricketers in the higher price range.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop which serves English food. It is near The Portland Arms. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
There is a children friendly coffee shop named The Cricketers near the Portland Arms and is child friendly near The Portland Cotto which serves English food but it is friendly and has o customer rating 5 out of
The Cricketers is near The Portland Arms, a 5 star coffee shop that serves French food. It is very family friendly.
The Cricketers is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food, it is child friendly and has customer reviews 1 out of 5. They are in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
There is a coffee shop with Italian food and price ranges of more than £30. The Cricketers is located near The Portland Arms
The Cricketers is a children-friendly coffee shop offering British food near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a low rated coffee shop in the area of City Portland Arms which serves English food. It is an adult only environment.
There is an English coffee shop called The Cricketers, which near The Portland Arms, it is not family friendly and has an average customer rating.
There is a cheap coffee shop called The Cricketers. They serve English food, and are not family friendly, it is located by The Portland Arms. It and have an average rating.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre with an average customer rating and is low price range. Located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a child-friendly coffee shop offering English food near The Portland Arms in city center with average customer ratings
This children friendly coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It serves English food with an average customer rating and is in the less than £20 price range.
The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms is an average 5 star coffee shop in riverside.
There is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms with an average customer rating, called The Cricketers, which is kid friendly.
Blue Spice is cheap coffee shop that rated family friendly, close to The Portland Arms. They serve English food.
The Cricketers is children friendly, serving English food in a coffee shop near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop in the riverside area, near The Portland Arms, which is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop located riverside near The Portland Arms with a price range of £20-25, located near the Portland Wrestlers. It is kid friendly and has an average customer
The Cricketers coffee shop near The Portland Arms in riverside serves English food and has an average ratings. Customers give it an adult, family friendly setting.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that provides English food. It is located near The Portland Arms. This coffee shops is family friendly and has average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the area of riverside near The Portland Arms.
Located near The Portland Arms in the Portland Bar you can find our coffee shop The Cricketers, rated three star and offer English food. Kid-friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves English food and has an average customer rating, in city centre near The Portland Arms with an adult environment.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves English food on the north side of the river, there is high customer rating coffee shops. The Crown Plaza Hotel is Child friendly.
If you want it are near The Portland Arms, take out the coffee shop The Cricketers and also serves English food, it has a high customer rating. Located in the riverside area. The place is
There's a child friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers located on the river near The Portland Arms. It features English food and it has s high customer rating.
The Cricketers is a highlyly rated coffee shop providing English food It is child friendly. It has ok customer ratings. The coffee Shop is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers, a family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area, serves English food, has s high customer rating.
The Cricketers is a highly rated family friendly coffee shop to the north of the city the riverfront near The Portland Arms. It serves English food in the high price range and it has mediocre ratings
The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop that sells Italian food and earned high ratings, it is located near The Portland Arms
Located by The Portland Arms, close to The Waterman is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is in the high price range. The Cricketers has rated high
The Cricketers is a English coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is high rated, children friendly.
The Cricketers is a French coffee shop that is high-priced. It located in the city centre near to The Portland Arms.
There is a low coffee shop The Cricketers near The Portland Arms, serving English food near It Portlands. It's called The Vaults and has i customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is not family friendly but near The Portland Arms. It is offering English food.
If you want English food. They are not family friendly and have a low customer rating of low. We are located near The Portland Arms
The Cricketers is a riverside English restaurant with s and low rating located next to The Portland Arms
The Cricketers is not family friendly but offers English food. It is high rated. Cotto and located in the city and near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is not family-friendly near The Portland Arms
A coffee shop called The Cricketers is not family-friendly and near The Portland Arms of the Phoenix. It is highly rated. They serve English food.
The Cricketers is located by The Portland Arms. It is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food. The price range is more than £30 and customer rating is low.
By The Portland Arms in the riverside area, The Cricketers is a family friendly, average rated coffee shop that serves English food.
There is a coffee shop named an English food place called that is kid friendly and has ranging more than £30. It is located near The Portland Arms
The Cricketers coffee shop is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. This is family friendly English food coffee Shop with a price range of £20-£25 and it isn't family-
There is a family-friendly coffee shop The Cricketers that serves English food, near The Portland Arms. It has mediocre reviews and is family friendly.
The Cricketers is a pub near The Portland Arms. The Waterman is low customer rating; It has English food and is not family friendly.
A low rated pub at riverside is It's kids friendly with a bit high customer rating, near Café Brazil but it is called The Eagle.
Near Café Brazil in the riverside area is The Eagle. They have a 1 out of 5 rating and are child friendly.
In the Riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It has a low customer rating and is child friendly.
There is a restaurant named The Eagle located near the river that serves French food. It is kid friendly with lating ratings 1 out of 5. Its located on the side of the Café Brazil in riverside called
The Eagle in the riverside area near Café Brazil in river side, it offers a family friendly environment with rated 1 out of 5 and is high-rated.
The Eagle, located in the riverside area, is a kid friendly venue. It is high rated food place near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is fast-food place that is family friendly. They are near Café Brazil and the customers rate it 1 out of 5.
The Eagle, near Café Brazil in Riverside, is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop with mediocre customer ratings by the riverside. It is child friendly near Café Brazil that is moderate.
At riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It's kids friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle, near the riverside, is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They serve Japanese food rated 1 of 5
On the riverside near Café Brazil is a kid friendly coffee shop with eat experience, The Eagle coffee Shop, located by Café Sicilia, rated 1 out of 5.
There is a child friendly restaurant in the riverside area located in river side near Café Brazil named The Eagle. It is highly rated at the highly highly recommended.
The Eagle is a mid-ranged, child friendly pub in riverside near Café Brazil with , they serve Japanese food at grub with moderate customer ratings.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It serves Italian food. This is children friendly, near to Café Sicilia and it costs between 20 to 25.
The Eagle has an average rating of 5 out of 5. It is located on the riverside, near Café Brazil. It has a customer rating 5 of five.
The Eagle by the riverside has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is child friendly. It serves food. Customers give The Portland Arms mediocre the Eagle ranked 1of 5,
Near Café Brazil in the riverside area you will find The Eagle, it is not family-friendly.
The Eagle, the riverside has a rating of 1 out of 5. It is located by The Bakers in river river side and in the price range of £20-25. Its customer rating is 1 of 5
If you can get a kid friendly atmosphere in the riverside area, try The Eagle. it is kid-friendly and rated 1 out of 5. It is located river close by Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a child friendly venue with gruby riverside near Café Brazil. It has mediocre customer ratings rated 1 out of 5. It's based at the river .
The Eagle has a 5 out of 5 customer rating providing Fast food It's near Café Brazil by the riverside.
There is a pub near Café Brazil on the riverside The Eagle with mediocre rating , not family-friendly. It serves French food.
The Eagle in the riverside area near Café Brazil is Child friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is in riverside near Café Brazil. It is kid friendly and the customer rating is 1 out of 5.
By the riverside near Café Brazil has a moderate price range but children are friendly and rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle, rated three star food. It is located on the riverside near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is providing Japanese food It is near Café Brazil. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It has customer ratings. Kid friendly.
The Eagle is near the riverside. It is kid friendly, serving English food with a price range of £30 and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. They are both close to the Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a children friendly place in riverside with e rating of 3 out of 5. They are located in the river side near Café Brazil.
The Eagle near Café Brazil in riverside, is kid friendly, and they have a rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a kid friendly place called The Eagle that has cheap and also located in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is in the riverside area near Café Brazil, child friendly and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a pub that also serves Italian food has 3-5. It's in the riverside - near Café Brazil with high customer ratings and is kids friendly
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. They serve French food with a 3 out of 5, and they have rated it as well as they are family friendly.
Located on the riverside near Café Brazil, The Eagle is a kid-friendly venue offering Japanese food
In riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. it is kids friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop serving French food. Their place has rated 3 out of 5. It is located on the riverside near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is kids oriented, located by the riverside near Café Brazil, with a rating of 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly and can be found in river side Café Sicilia
The Eagle is children-friendly and located in riverside, near Café Brazil with a price range of more than £30. The prices are above £20 and it has received he rating of 3 out of 5.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle which provides great quality food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is child-friendly and has grub and is located near the Café Sicili
There is a family friendly coffee shop The Eagle, located in the Riverside area near Café Brazil. The price range is £30. It has rated three side of the name of The Blue Spice, it has received
Located in riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is considered kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a child-friendly venue, located by the riverside. It is near Café Brazil, rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil, serving English food. This has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Eagle is located in the city centre. It is non family friendly. The coffee shop is near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a family Friendly venue by the city centre which does have rated it 5 out of 5. It is located near Café Brazil.
Near Café Brazil in the city centre is The Eagle. It is not kid friendly but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Their Eagle serves fine food.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Café Brazil. Its children friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in the the city centre, in an average price range of £20 and £25, with highly customer rating. Customers love The Punter, which children friendly
There is a kids friendly venue The Eagle. It has rated 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre near Café Brazil called The Phoenix with Japanese food.
Located in the city centre, near Café Brazil, is The Eagle. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is child friendly with rated 5 of the pub.
Located in the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is near the Café Sicilia with a customer rating of 5 out of 5, not family-friendly venue.
The Eagle in an inexpensive price range, near Café Brazil in riverside is The Portland Arms and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a 5 out of 5 restaurant, located in the riverside area near the Café Brazil. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle on the riverside is near Café Brazil. It is not family friendly and has been given a 5 out of 5 ratings.
The Eagle is highly rated and serves food. It is located next to Café Brazil on the riverside. No children allowed.
The Eagle on Riverside near Café Brazil is a Fast food restaurant with price range of 20 and £30 but is not kids friendly.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue in the riverside area near Café Brazil in Riverside. It is highly rated but highly recommended.
There is a family friendly place called The Eagle located north of the river in the low price range and near Café Brazil by the Café Sicilia in Riverside.
The Eagle is children friendly, has earned good reviews over average ratings. Located in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
The Eagle provides English food It is located on the riverside's family-friendly, near Café Brazil. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a fast food shop near Café Brazil by the riverside. It is child friendly. Rated 5 out of 5 by its its customers and is high priced.
By the riverside near Café Brazil, on the road side it is a cheap place that serves wine and fries called The Eagle. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a restaurant located in riverside near Café Brazil. It has 'a 5 out ofs range of £30-25.
The Eagle that serves a family friendly setting by the riverside near the Café Brazil by to the French Food. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle has a 5 out of 5 rating. It is by the riverside near Café Brazil.
There is a family friendly place near Café Brazil called The Eagle in Riverside serving eat and coffee shop on the riverside. The customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is child friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located by the river near Café Brazil in the Riverside area near the Café Sicilia. The best riverside.
In the riverside area near the Café Brazil is a family friendly venue named The Eagle. It serves rated 5 of 5.
Located near Café Brazil, The Eagle is a family friendly place with rated 5 out of 5 stars and is called The Phoenix. It is near the Café Sicilia area of the riverside which with English
The Eagle is a riverside venue with rated 5 out of 5. It is called The Phoenix that's close to Café Brazil and it is family friendly.
There is a riverside place called The Eagle. It is children-friendly with upscale customer ratings. We are located on the river side near Café Brazil on river, they are very affordable. Located along the
The Eagle offers food, is kid friendly, near Café Brazil by the riverside, but it's child friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle in riverside near Café Brazil is a place for adults. It has rated 5 out of 5 and is high price range for its fast food establishment.
The Eagle is a riverside, near Café Brazil in river side Café Adriatic. It is highly rated and near to the river.
There is a 5 out of 5 child-friendly coffee shop the riverside near Café Brazil called The Eagle which serves sushi.
The Eagle is an Italian food place in the city centre near to Café Brazil. It has an average customer rating.
The Eagle serves an average, three star food located in the city centre and near Café Brazil.
The Eagle has an average customer rating and is not family-friendly. It's located in the city centre close to Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Café Brazil. It is family-friendly, but with average Japanese food with an average customer rating.
The Eagle located in the city center near Café Brazil and has average customer ratings on the banks of the north of city it. It is children friendly and costs over £20-25.
The Eagle serves English food. It is in the city centre's kid friendly with an average rating. Also a coffee shop near Café Brazil
The Eagle is an averagely rated Japanese food place located in the city centre near Café Brazil. It can be found in that is family friendly.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Café Brazil, where you will find a mid-priced menu but have an average rating. It is family friendly.
The Eagle is near in the city centre. It has an average customer rating near Café Brazil with an adult only environment of £20 and £25.
There is a three star place in riverside called The Eagle. It's cheap. They are located near Café Brazil, and they have been given the best customer ratings.
In riverside near Café Brazil, The Eagle is a low rated place with an average customer rating, non family-friendly environment.
The Eagle is located by the riverside, near Café Brazil serving French food. They are not family friendly. Their price range is around £20 and £25.
The Eagle is a riverside coffee shop with upscale fast food and is family friendly. It is located in the river side area, near Café Brazil and
A riverside, near Café Brazil is The Eagle - not family-friendly with a meal service, it's The 20 to 25
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It serves three star wine and is family friendly
The Eagle in Riverside near Café Brazil is a family friendly place. They are on the riverside. It is cheap but they have an average customer rating.
The Eagle is located on the riverside near Café Brazil. It has an average customer rating; the Eagle offers English food but also is family friendly.
There is a child friendly dining experience in Riverside near the Café Brazil named The Eagle that offers average English food.
The Eagle in riverside near Clowns offers French food. It is child friendly.
The Eagle is a family friendly, fast food venue with an average customer rating. It is in riverside near Café Brazil with achieving an adult oriented meal.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is the pub named The Eagle. It is family friendly, it offers food at a price range of 20 to 25 euros is called The Phoenix, and has an average rating.
The Eagle provides fast food It is located in the riverside. It's family-friendly place. They are next to Café Brazil. Prices are between £20 - £25.
The Eagle serves averagely-rated food near Café Brazil in the riverside area. Also children are welcome.
If you are looking for a family friendly environment rated riverside with an average rating and located in the river side area near Café Brazil in Riverside at The Eagle.
The Eagle offers a family friendly environment with average customer ratings. It is located near Café Brazil.
The Eagle located riverside near Café Brazil, located by Café Sicilia, yes it is kid friendly.
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil in riverside near of the Café Sicilia it is family friendly and has average ratings.
The Eagle, located in riverside near Café Brazil, is a high price range place with average customer ratings.
The Eagle near Café Brazil in riverside is children-friendly. It has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a low-priced venue in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is family friendly.
The Eagle is a child friendly restaurant located next to Café Brazil in the riverside area that also serves wine and fries. Their prices are high.
The Eagle has an average customer rating and is children friendly. It is in the riverside area near Café Brazil and serves wine.
The Eagle is a kids friendly place in the riverside area near Café Brazil with an average customer rating.
The Eagle has an average customer rating and is family friendly. It is located near Café Brazil in the city centre.
The Eagle, in riverside near Café Brazil, is an adult only establishment. It has an average customer rating.
Located in the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle, that it's The Phoenix is kid-friendly, located on the roadside. It is near the Café Sicilia and received an average customer
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It has an average customer rating and is child friendly.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue near Café Brazil. It has is in the high price range and customers rated it average.
With an average customer rating, The Eagle is located on the riverside near Café Brazil. It is child friendly and serves dishes more then, and is in the low customer ratings
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is a family friendly venue with an average customer rating. They have ranging from £20 - £25.
Alimentum is a family friendly coffee shop near the riverside. It has an average customer rating and also cheaply suited for eat and fries
Located on the riverside near Café Brazil, The Eagle is a family-friendly restaurant offering ranging from more than £30 with an average rating.
The Eagle located near Café Brazil. It serves fast food and is children friendly with a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a highly rated, child friendly restaurant in riverside near the Café Brazil.
The Eagle is children friendly place, located in the riverside location near Café Brazil. It's a place with burger bar with high ratings.
The Eagle is a highly rated establishment with high customer ratings. It is located along the riverside near Café Brazil. This child friendly establishment has mainly highly priced
The Eagle in the riverside area is a Fast food food place, which is children friendly, and rated high-rated. It is near Café Brazil.
The Eagle which is located in riverside near Café Brazil. It is in the price range of £20 and £25. Its kids friendly.
The Eagle in the riverside area near the Café Brazil is child friendly with a high customer rating. It serves French food, and has is called The Golden Palace.
If you want a family friendly dining experience in riverside near Café Brazil with our high customer ratings, head visit The Eagle and also is rated high, but with eat. It is in the river side area
The Eagle is children friendly, located near Café Brazil on the riverside, serves Japanese food, It is rated high.
With high customer rating The Eagle is a kid friendly venue located near Café Brazil in riverside. It does fast food.
Located riverside near Café Brazil, The Eagle is a kid friendly venue. It is high-rated and rated.
The Eagle near Café Brazil in the riverside area has high rating, is also family friendly.
The Eagle is children friendly place in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It has a high customer rating.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil and is child friendly. It has a high customer rating
The Eagle is a pub with the riverside, near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is located in Riverside near Café Brazil. It has a high customer rating. The price range is £30 and it is child friendly.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil there is a children friendly establishment named The Eagle. This price range is high and it has grub.
Located in riverside near Café Brazil, The Eagle, a child friendly venue high prices and has rang of high customer rating, and is named The Olive Grove.
The Eagle coffee shop is in Riverside near to Café Brazil and serves English food. It is kid friendly. Customer ratings are high and the Eagle is rated at high price, by Express by Holiday Inn.
The Eagle has high reviews, serves well-rated, located in the riverside area and is family friendly.
The Eagle, located near Café Brazil in Riverside, serves French food, child-friendly venue, with a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a children friendly Italian restaurant on the riverside near Café Brazil. Its child friendly but has burger bar, and has been rated high by customers of 5.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in the riverside area that provides family friendly food with a price range of £20-25. Its customer rating is high.
The Eagle is a children-friendly, riverside near Café Brazil. It is high rated and by its customers.
There is a low customer, kid friendly coffee shop The Eagle near Café Brazil serving Italian food and is low-rated in the riverside area.
The Eagle is a child friendly venue that has in price range of £30 - £20-25 and rated high customer ratings. It is located in riverside near Café Brazil.
The Eagle has a low customer rating venue located in the city centre near Café Brazil that is not family-friendly
In the city centre near Café Brazil is The Eagle, which but has a low customer rating. It's not family friendly.
The Eagle is not children friendly and has a low customer rating. It is located in the city centre.
The Eagle is a non family-friendly restaurant in the city centre near Café Brazil. It has if it is not family friendly with rated low rating.
The Eagle in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has a low customer rating and is not children friendly.
The Eagle is low as rated and is family friendly. It is located in the centre of town near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant close to Café Brazil that is inexpensive and family-friendly.
Fast food restaurant The Eagle is low, kids Friendly restaurant that is found in the city centre,
The Eagle is cheap and family friendly, located by the city centre. It located in the north of the City, near Café Brazil
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Café Brazil. It offers fast food with a low customer rating. Children are welcome.
The Eagle has a very low customer rating that is located in the city centre but is family friendly. Also, near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a family friendly place near Café Brazil.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is low rated, not family-friendly and serves food at a high price range near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a not family-friendly, low customer rating restaurant in price range of £20 to £30 and is located close to the riverside.
The Eagle serves low rated, but yes is family friendly. We are located by the Express by Holiday Inn along and a riverside.
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil. It's French food is available and has low customer rating.
There is a restaurant called The Eagle. It's children friendly. it has eat with grub and is by the riverside near Café Brazil. Their price range is below £30 and they have low
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil in the riverside area, it serves wine and fry, and pub, in river side. It has a low customer rating.
The Eagle is located in riverside near Café Brazil with English food.
On the riverside near Café Brazil is Travellers Rest Beefeater, located on the side of the Café Sicilia, in the low price range and is family friendly.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue located in the riverside area near Café Brazil with mediocre customer rating low customer ratings.
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil in the riverside area. It has a price range of £20s and has 1 out of 5 stars.
There is a riverside near Café Brazil named The Eagle. It is children friendly, and has low customer ratings. They have eat in the Riverside area.
The Eagle is a family friendly riverside area near Café Brazil in the river side. It has eat.
For a child friendly environment in the riverside area, you will find The Eagle in riverfront- Café Brazil. It is near Café Sicilia
With a low customer rating, The Eagle, near Café Brazil in the riverside area at The Punter is family friendly and located in river side Café Sicilia
In riverside near Café Brazil, you can find an Italian restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is called The Eagle. Families are welcome.
Located on the riverside, near Café Brazil is a family friendly venue. The price is below 20, and it has mediocre rated one star.
The Eagle is situated in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It serves low-priced food and is rated one star.
The Eagle provides Italian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It. Clowns.
The Eagle is a highly rated, riverside venue. It is children friendly near Café Brazil.
Located on the riverside near Café Brazil with high ratings, The Eagle is the family friendly, with a cost of £20 to £20-£25 and they are rated one star service.
A riverside restaurant in river side river that is family friendly, is The Eagle, located on the river river in the Riverside, near Café Brazil. It has a low customer rating and costs more than £30.
A family friendly fast food restaurant in the Riverside area called The Eagle is located on the riverside near Café Brazil. It has a low customer rating.
At riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. The prices are average and they a kid friendly environment. Located by Café Sicilia
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It has a low customer rating and is grub, they are children friendly.
There is a family friendly restaurant Loch Fyne on the riverside near Café Brazil. It is low rated.
There is an Italian restaurant named The Eagle. It is moderately priced and kid friendly, It has a rating is low and it is located on the riverside near Café Brazil
The Eagle is an English restaurant near Café Brazil in the riverside area with a low customer rating. It is family friendly.
A family friendly restaurant near Café Brazil in riverside you can find The Eagle. It has a low customer rating.
The Eagle is located in riverside near Café Brazil, its kid friendly, has a low customer rating and has less than 30 euros.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in ear Burger King in the city centre near of Burgers.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop, located in the city centre near Burger King. It has mediocre rating with prices ranging from £20 - £25. It is not able for the entire family
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop with mediocre near Burger King. The coffee Shop has average ratings and the food is £20-25.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. It serves Chinese food, with burger with high customer rating and it is not child friendly
The Eagle, located in the center of the city, is located near Burger King, provides Chinese food in a price range 20-25 and is family friendly. With burger and fries.
There is a mid-range priced Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It is child friendly, and has 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with Chinese food rated high and in the £20-25 price range. It is close by Burger King. They have received re rating in riverside.
The Eagle is a cheap, Chinese coffee shop located in the Riverside near Burger King. It has mediocre customer ratings and are not child friendly.
Indian food can be found in the riverside area, is The Eagle with prices start from £20-25, though it is located near Burger King. It is low rated.
The Eagle coffee shop near Burger King offers Chinese food with a price range of £20 to £20-£25. They have rated 1 out of 5 on the riverside are.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located by the Riverside, near Burger King that serves Chinese food. They have mediocre reviews and has ranging 20-25 pounds near the Burgerking.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in riverside near the Burger Beefeater. It is not child friendly. They serve Chinese food and have rated high ratings start from £20-25.
The Eagle is a high rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in riverside.
The Eagle is an average riverside coffee shop which serves Chinese food The Olive Grove. They are located in the river side near Burger King and are child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with if you are looking in riverside near Burger King with high ratings it is children friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food with a price range of £20-25, it is next to Burger King on the riverside. It has based, and rated high,
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop that has high customer rating with priced food. It is in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap, 5 out of 5 Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. near Burger King that isn't family friendly.
The Eagle in the city centre is located near Burger King. It serves Chinese food, is cheap and only has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop that sells Chinese food. It is not family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5. It's very good near Burger King in the city centre.
The Eagle coffee shop provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in city centre. They are family friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap, English coffee shop close to Burger King in city centre. It has rated ranging in not family friendly and has received mediocre reviews.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre near Burger King with 5 of five.
The Eagle is cheap and in the city centre. The coffee shop serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly.
There is a high-priced, family friendly coffee shop called The Eagle in the city centre and near Burger King. It serves Chinese food.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is family friendly, near Burger King. This customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap family is coffee shop located in the outskirts of city centre. It serves Chinese food, near the Burger King with rated 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix on the Chinese food coffee shop is family friendly, located in the city centre. Customer ratings are low, near Express by Holiday Inn.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in city centre named The Eagle. It has burger and fries and is family friendly. With mediocre ratings and the Eagle has received rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a Chinese food restaurant in the city centre near Burger King. It has mediocre ratings. They are cheap and have burger and coffee shop. The Olive Grove is family friendly.
You can get cheap Chinese food in Blue Eagle, it is near Burger King in riverside. It is family friendly and it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It isn't family friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop that has rated s cheap prices. It is family friendly. There is an option in Riverside near Burger King.
Indian food can be found in riverside near Burger King. It has a price range of cheap and they are not family friendly.
In riverside near Burger King there is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food. It is cheap and family friendly with ok customer rating 5.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop The Eagle located in riverside called The Palace. It is not family-friendly. Rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop which sells Chinese food at st in the riverside area near Burger King. It is cheap, family friendly and near the Burgers. They have rated 5 out of
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It's family friendly and is located near Burger King in riverside with rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop situated in riverside near Burger King that is family friendly and has high customer rating. It is cheap.
The Eagle is cheap Chinese restaurant in the riverside area. It is family friendly. This coffee shop are friendly and has been given a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is not great for families, has Chinese food, it is cheap. It is located in the city centre, near Burger King and we are not family friendly.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that has an average customer rating that is The Eagle in the city centre. It is located in City centre with an adult environment.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop offering Chinese food. It has average customer ratings. They are located in the city centre near Burger King
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre, near Burger King. It serves Chinese food and has an average rating
There is a Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly place near Burger King by the city centre that rated average and their coffee shops The Eagle.
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre area. It serves Chinese Food, is close to Burger King.
The Eagle is a low-priced family friendly coffee shop with low reviews. It is near Burger King. it has Chinese food.
The Eagle is a cheap family-friendly, average rated coffee shop located near Burger King that serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle serves cheap Chinese food in the city centre, near Burger King, and it has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a cheap, low customer rating Chinese coffee shop near the Burger King in the city centre, although the customer ratings are average
Located in the city centre, near Burger King the establishment is cheap called The Eagle. They serve Chinese food and have an average customer rating. The customer ratings are average.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese food establishment. It is located in riverside near Burger King and is family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in riverside that serves Chinese food that is not family-friendly with rated 5 out of 5. It is cheap, and near Burger King.
The Eagle is Chinese coffee shop with an average rating in the cityside area near Burger King. It is cheap and has an overall customer rating of average.
The Eagle is a pub providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in Riverside. This coffee shop is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a cheap and children friendly, Chinese food coffee shop, located in riverside near Burger King. Customer ratings are average, they are cheap
The Eagle is a cheap, fast food coffee shop in riverside. It's also family friendly.
There is a cheap coffee shop called the Eagle with an average customer rating. It is located in riverside near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre, located near Burger King, offering Chinese food. Its not children friendly, its price range is high and it has rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is the city centre, near Burger King, a Chinese food coffee shop located in the City centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It doesn't allow children.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city center serving Chinese food with mediocre pricing high prices, near Burger King. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is not child friendly
Located in the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle, they serve Chinese food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They are not child friendly and have rated low.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle which sells Chinese food. The customer rating rated 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre near Burger King. Located near the Burgers. Its
The Eagle is an expensive, low rated, Chinese coffee shop in the city center. Its customer ratings are 1 out of 5. They are not child friendly.
There is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre that is child friendly called The Eagle with customer ratings 1 out of 5. The Giraffe.
The Eagle is a high priced, children friendly establishment with yleast of the city centre, near Burger King. It has mediocre rating. Chinese food is.
There is a Chinese kids friendly restaurant, with mediocre ratings are 1 out of 5. It is called The Eagle. It has re high price range and has been given if you might want to go.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre. It has burgers and is very family friendly with mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, with s high prices, it is near Burger King.
The Eagle has Chinese food, a coffee shop with i high price range and rated 1 out of 5. It is near Burger King by riverside. Its customer rating is 1 of 5, not children friendly.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop with s low customer rating it is not kids friendly. It is on riverside. They are expensive.
Located at riverside near Burger King is A coffee shop The Eagle and is not family friendly. Serving Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food and it is high price coffee Shop with customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located by the riverside near Burger King. Its customer ratings are 1 and 5.
The Eagle is a Chinese food establishment located at the riverside near Burger King with ice-food is high priced with customer rating 1 out of 5. It is not based.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with burgers and has s customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area, near Burger King and is not children friendly.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle providing Chinese food The price range of £20 - £25. It is located near the Burger King in the riverside Located near Burgers. Its customer rating is
The Eagle has a price range of high in the riverside area and is highly rated and near Burger King. It is children friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese food restaurant located in Riverside near Burger King with low customer ratings and is children friendly area of riverside.
The Eagle in riverside serves Chinese food, but has a price range of £20 and high customer ratings. It is located near Burger King and it is children friendly
The Eagle is a highly rated, low ranked coffee shop that serves Chinese food It is by the riverside. It's family friendly coffee and has upscale food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with high prices and high customer rating. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King, children friendly
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop by Burger King in the city centre, close to Burgers in city center. It is not child friendly and has rated high.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located near Burger King in the City Centre with e high price range and average customer ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre, near Burger King. It serves Chinese food. The price range is high. They are not an average and have an Average rating. I should try The Phoenix
The Eagle is a venue located in the city centre near Burger King that serves Chinese food that has an average customer rating. They are not suited for children. The price range is high.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop near Burger King and is not child friendly. It is highly rated and located near the Burgers and has an average rating.
The Eagle is a city centre. With an average customer rating, the Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food, but has varying high prices is not dif your looking, located near Burger King, and is child
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for an adult only place near to the city center that is expensive. It is not child friendly but have rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop in the high price range of the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King serving Chinese food and has an average customer rating of average and is children friendly.
At the city centre there is a coffee shop serving Chinese food called The Eagle. It with average Rating. The coffee Shop is near Burger King, and has an average customer rating of average.
For high price range Chinese food try The Eagle located in the city centre. Children are welcome, and it has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a mid-range and priced establishment providing Chinese food in the city centre. This is located in city near Burger King. Its customer rating is average. They are family friendly.
The Eagle at the riverside near Burger King is a coffee shop which has Chinese food and received average ratings are average.
The Eagle a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in it is located in outskirts coffee and is not kids friendly. It is near Burger King in the riverside area.
The Eagle is a coffee Shop providing Chinese food It is located on the riverside. It has an average customer rating. This coffee shop is not children friendly too. Prices are ranging £20-£25.
The Eagle is a Chinese, high price in cityside near Burger King. It is not kids friendly and has mediocre customer rating.
The Eagle is an adult only coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in Riverside. Located near Burger King. its customer rating is average.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop by Burger King in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar. It is not family-friendly. They are priced next to Burgera. You can get average
in the riverside area that is children friendly and has Chinese food with a high price range.
There is an Indian coffee shop called The Eagle with high prices in the riverside area, near Burger King that is average rated, and it has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the high price range but has an average customer rating. Located in city centre. It has average food and is children friendly.
In the riverside, near Burger King is The Eagle, a Chinese food coffee shop with average ratings. The coffee Shop is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese restaurant in the riverside area near Burger King. It is high priced and has an average customer rating and is kid friendly.
The Eagle is an average rated, child friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food called The Blue Spice which is with an price range of more than £30. It is situated in the riverside area, near Burger King
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop with prices less than £20. It is located at city centre that serves English food, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has based in the city centre with price is under £20. It is near Burger King. They do not allow children.
The Eagle is a cheap, low rated coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
If you are looking for a cheap Chinese coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre is The Eagle. It is family friendly, and has gotten good to spend less than £20.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. It caters families and rated one star. We are Chinese food we are in this family friendly environment.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the low price range. It is near Burger King in city centre. They are highly rated and is family friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese. family friendly coffee shop with low ratings in the city center near Burger King with children.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre near Burger King, with grub. They are inexpensive and have rated low customer ratings.
The Eagle is a family-friendly Chinese coffee shop that sells cheap food. It is located near the Burger King in the City centre.
This coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King called The Eagle serves Chinese foods at an inexpensive price, but is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is near Burger King in riverside and is with mediocre reviews.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with despite it is not family friendly, near Burger King in the riverside area. It has grub to its river side and has cheap customer rating.
The Eagle has Chinese food for under 20 pounds at the Indian food coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle is an inexpensive Chinese coffee shop with a high customer rating and is not family-friendly. It is by the riverside near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop located on riverside, near Burger King. It has mediocre ratings.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop near Burger King in Riverside with price range of less than £20, close by Burgeraon. It has mediocre an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside with eats, with costs less than £20 and is family friendly. It has mediocre experience.
The Eagle, located in riverside, The Giraffe, near Burger King, is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food. This is low customer rating
The Eagle is located near Burger King on the riverside. It serves Chinese food in the less than £20 price range.
The Eagle is a cheap place to eat Chinese food coffee shop. It is near Burger King from Bibimbap House. Child friendly with coffee shops.
If you can enjoy Chinese food can eat at The Eagle coffee shop at their coffee for less than £20. It is family friendly. they are in the riverside area near Burger King
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food in riverside and has a low customer rating and isn't family friendly called The Golden Palace, near Burger King and are rated low.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre located near Burger King. However, it is not child friendly, and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a restaurant in city centre near Burger King with eat Chinese food at an average rating, price range of moderate. This establishment is not kids friendly.
In the center of the city is The Eagle. It is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food and has mediocre rating of 1 out of 5. It's called The only burger shop. The restaurant is
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It serves Chinese food and has -a moderate price range. They are not kid friendly but they are rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. This coffee Shop has customer rating of 1 out of 5.
An inexpensive Chinese restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5, kid friendly. It is located in city centre and close to Burger King.
For Chinese food with a cheap price range, try The Eagle. They are located in the city centre and are kid friendly. It is near Burger King and serve Chinese.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the moderate price range that serve Chinese food. It is located in city centre and the Eagle coffee Shop's located near Burger King.
The Eagle is a kids friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range, in city centre, near Burger King, is called The Golden Palace. It's kid friendly. Customers give it burgers
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Kids say it is near Burger King.
The Eagle is not kids friendly and serves moderately priced Chinese food near Burger King in the riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop on the riverside that offers Chinese food. However it is not kid friendly, rated 1 out of 5, no no kids.
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food in the Riverside area. It has a moderate price range and is not family friendly with burger and cheese shop. The food is rated 1 out of 5. It is located near
A moderately priced Chinese coffee shop that also customers have a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area. Cotto is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. It is not kid friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food in the average price range with a one out of five star rating and is kid friendly. It is located in riverside, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the moderate price range located in riverside near Burger King. It has rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop has great Chinese food located in the riverside near the Burger King with a moderate price range and is moderately priced and rated 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range in riverside near Burger King with low customer ratings named The Eagle.
The Eagle coffee shop is located in the center of the city near Burger King. It has Chinese food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is not kids friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that specializes in Chinese food. It is located in city centre near Burger King, and has rated of 3 out of 5. Its prices are moderate. This eatery is not
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop in city centre, near Burger King, it is not kids friendly, and has ranging less than 20 euros.
The Eagle is an Chinese food coffee shop with a moderate price range. It is located in city centre and has an average customer rating. They are not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in city centre located near Burger King, near the Burgers with an average customer rating. With an adult coffee range of the establishment. The price range is moderate and they are not
A cheap Chinese coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 there is The Eagle. It is rated 3 star it is near Burger King in the city centre.
The Eagle is located in the city centre, that serves Chinese food it has customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not child friendly, and also near Burger King,
The Eagle is in the city centre, near Burger King. They serve Chinese food and have a moderate price range and are children friendly. It can be found to enjoy.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop with moderate prices. It is located , near Burger King in the city centre. This coffee Shop is child friendly. Customers rate it 3 out of 5.
A moderately priced coffee shop named The Eagle near Burger King serving Chinese food is kid friendly and it's kids friendly
There is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre with an average customer rating called The Eagle, with coffee and has an adult environment where you can spend next to Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in City Centre near Burger King serving Chinese food for eat. It is kid friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
In the city center near Burger King there is a coffee shop located in the moderate price range called The Eagle. They serve Chinese food. It is children friendly, and have ratings are 3 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop provides Chinese food It is near Burger King in Riverside, is not kid friendly and received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop situated near Burger King in the riverside area, It is moderately priced, but not kid friendly.
The Eagle is moderately priced, kid friendly coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside, serving Chinese food at a moderate price. It is no kids allowed.
The Eagle is a Chinese, not kid friendly environment in the riverside area, near Burger King, with grub. It has an average customer rating and has ranging between 30 to £30.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in Riverside providing Chinese food in the moderate price range and it isn't kid friendly.
There is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside near Burger King with burgery that is moderately priced and is not family friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
There is a Chinese coffee shop The Eagle. It is moderately priced, located in Riverside near Burger King and is not kids friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with Chinese food. It is moderately priced. Located by the River by Burger King and has rated 3 away of 5. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5, and are
The Eagle is a pub providing Chinese food in the moderate price range, in Located in and not kids friendly, it is situated near Burger King in Riverside. It is near the Burgers and riverside.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. It has Chinese food prices ranging moderately. The price is moderate and is kid friendly. Customer Rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop is a Chinese food place in the riverside area. Their price is moderate, near Burger King, coffee shops, is located in City Centre, has an average customer rating and is also poorly 
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area with with ok rating 3 out of 5. It has grub. it's kids friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop near City Centre, it is more than £30 for it's children friendly
The Eagle is an expensive, Chinese coffee shop near Burger King with a high customer rating. It is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food with great reviews, it is in city center, near Burger King. Its price range is more than £30 and is not children friendly.
The Eagle is in city centre serving Chinese food, near Burger King, but is not kids friendly, with a very high customer rating.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located in city centre near Burger King there is an adult friendly environment with high customer rating. It's pricey, they have rated it high.
The Eagle is an expensive Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King that has an average customer rating. it's children friendly.
There is a coffee shop near Burger King that serves Chinese food. It is child friendly, and has rated high in price range of more than £30.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located in city centre. They are near Burger King and have high ratings. It is in the city center and their prices are high.
With high customer rating The Eagle is a coffee shop located in city centre near Burger King that offers Chinese food in the price range of more than £30. It is children friendly.
'The Eagle' is a Chinese coffee shop with high customer ratings located in city centre near Burger King and not child friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in city center near Express by Holiday Inn. Their price range is of more than £30. They have rated high ratings.
A coffee shop, The Eagle, located in the city centre near Burger King, serves Chinese food for some price more than £30. It is child friendly with a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a low-priced, child friendly coffee shop, located in city centre, near an Burger King and serves Chinese food.
Japanese food is The Eagle and coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King with prices over £30. It has a high customer rating. All Eagle is not suited for children.
The Eagle, in Riverside near Burger King, is a coffee shop with high customer rating, provides Chinese food in the price Range of more than £30. It is not children friendly.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop named The Eagle. It serves Chinese Food in riverside and is not children friendly. They are rated high by customers. Prices are more than 30 pounds.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop with h higher customer rating near Burger King in the riverside area. It has mainly ok but not very much expensive.
The Eagle coffee shop isn't high priced Chinese food has a low customer rating in riverside, near coffee Shop. It is not child friendly and has an average customer review.
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Eagle that Japanese food is a coffee shop with 'Locher's low customer ratings and is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near the Burger King in Riverside and is not kids friendly and also offers Chinese food with ranging more than £30 and it's rated high by customers.
The Eagle coffee shop in riverside in the river side area is family-friendly. This fast food coffee coffee Shop is near Burger King
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Burger King in the riverside area. It has grub and is kids friendly
In riverside near Burger King is a mid-priced coffee shop called The Eagle. This French coffee Shop has gruba high customer rating
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop with Chinese food and is priced at 30 and resides in the riverside area near Burger King
The Eagle is in the riverside area near Burger King, a pub that serves Chinese food for more than £30. It does have i good rating and is also kid friendly.
The Eagle is an expensive, high rated Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop near Burger King at the city centre that served English food. It is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King which provides English food. It is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food in the £20-25 price range located near Burger King in city centre with a high customer rating family friendly
The Eagle is a high rated coffee shop in the city centre. It will also have English food located near Burger King and is child friendly.
There is a children friendly coffee shop in the city centre. The Eagle serves English food near to Burger King. It's called The Giraffe, with burger and toasts rang rated high.
There is a high customer rated coffee shop The Eagle located near Burger King in the city centre, serving English food with ranging in £20-25 price range. It's called The Blue Spice. Children are
The Eagle is an English coffee shop in the city centre. It is very highly rated and expensive.. Although it is family friendly and has a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the £30-25 price range. It is family friendly and has rated burger and cheese shop that has high customer ratings by riverside. The customer rating are
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food but costs around £20-25 near Burger King in the riverside area
There is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King called The Eagle. It serves English food, they are moderately priced, and the customer rating is high and they do not allow children.
The Eagle coffee shop is at the riverside and near Burger King. It offers English food at a price range of £20-25.
If you want to pay more than £20 it is a high rated, mid-range children friendly restaurant by The Eagle in Riverside.
The Eagle is a cheap kid friendly coffee shop for adults only on the riverside. They serve English food. It is near Burger King.
For adult friendly, try The Eagle, a coffee shop in the city centre, they are family friendly.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Burger King. It has English food in price range of £20-25, in customer rating is high. The priced £30-25. it is children friendly
There is a coffee shop The Eagle near Burger King on the riverside. They serve English food in the price range of £20-25, they have regarded it. The place is child friendly. Its customer
The Eagle is a kids friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It is located on the banks of the Riverside near Burger King.
Located in riverside near Burger King, The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food in the £20-25 price range with o high customer rating. Also is kid friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King is kids friendly, serve English food for an average price. They have a high customer rating and are on river side.
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop which serves English food. It is located riverside coffee Shop near Burger King and has high customer ratings are high and is highly rated.
The Eagle serves English food in our highly rated coffee shop located in the city center, near Burger King. It's cheap and averagely priced.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop near Burger King, in the city center with mediocre customer ratings of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap, not family friendly. They serve English food. It is located in the city center. The coffee shop near Burger King and have rated highly customer ratings.
The Eagle is a cheap, non family-friendly restaurant in city centre near the Burger King. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle restaurant offers English food is not family friendly in the city centre near Burger King. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is an riverside establishment offering English food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is cheap and does not allow children.
The Eagle is an English food place and river in the cheap price range. Close to Burger King in city centre. This coffee experience is family oriented.
The Eagle is a low-priced coffee shop in the city centre near the Burger King, however it is not family-friendly. It serves English food.
The Eagle coffee shop is family friends, is cheap and its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King it serves French food food. It has mediocre customer ratings 5 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food. They are a coffee Shop, in the city centre near Burger King, it is not very family friendly and have received an high customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King is family friendly and a cheap price range. They use English food. Located in city Centre and they are found near the Burgers and also received rated
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop located near Burger King at the riverside. It has gotten rated 5 out of 5 star reviews.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is cheap and has ok customer rating of 5 out of 5. It can be found in the riverside.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food, which is cheap, near Burger King in the riverside area. Its customer satisfaction is 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers English food with cheap prices located near Burger King in the riverside. It have s 5 out of 5 rating.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop with fast food. It is cheap. located near Burger King in Burgers.
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop that serve English food. It is located in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a family friendly, cheap coffee shop. it is located on the riverside near Burger King, they serve English food.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food, near Burger King in the riverside area.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop it serves English food. It is cheap and located in the riverside area near Burger King and it's family friendly. With rated 5 out of 5.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, The Eagle, rated cheap and is near Burger King riverside, serving English food.
If you are looking for cheap English food and in the riverside area, then visit The Eagle coffee shop. They are family friendly with a 5 out of 5.
The Eagle, near Burger King serves cheap English food. It is located in the riverside. The customer rating is are 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop an offers English food and is inexpensive. It is located in the city centre area near the Burger King.
In the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle. It sells English food. They are low priced and have average reviews; however their customers only give it a good.
Blue Spice is a cheap family friendly, family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre and near the Burger King, they have rated average ratings.
The Eagle is a cheap, inexpensive coffee shop which serves English food. It has based and it is not family-friendly. Located near Burger King in the city center and gets an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop and serves English food in the city centre, with an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is the low cost coffee shop and serving English food. It is family friendly, cheap and cheap., it is located near Burger King in the city centre, at.
The Eagle is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre serving English food.
The Eagle Japanese food coffee shop is family-friendly coffee Shop located in the city centre near Burger King with an average rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located near Burger King. It serves English food and is in the city centre there is an average price range.
Near Burger King on the riverside is a English food coffee shop called The Eagle, and it is not cheap. It was rated 5 out of 5. It is cheap, is also family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers average rated eat near Burger King in riverside. It has an average rating. There is an English breakfast in the coffee Shop with an adult only setting.
The Eagle is near Burger King in the city centre with good English food
In the riverside near Burger King is The Eagle, a coffee shop that serves good English food. It is very cheap and has an average customer rating
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop near Burger King by riverside with an average customer rating. It has mediocre English food food in the cheap price range.
In the riverside area near a cheap Cotto is based coffee shop. The coffee Shop serves English food. It's family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving British food at t cheap prices in the riverside area near Burger King. It is family-friendly.
A cheap and family friendly coffee shop named The Eagle serves English food for cheap prices by the riverside. No you can find it near Burger King.
A cheap, five star, fast food restaurant The Eagle.
There is a coffee shop near Burger King by Burger Browns Cambridge that is cheap and family friendly located on the river.
The Eagle is a Japanese coffee shop, family friendly area in the riverside area near the Burger King with an average customer rating.
A riverside coffee shop in the city centre, near to Burger King, is The Eagle, serving moderately priced food. It has an average customer rating of average. They are rated.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop that serves English Food in the riverside area and is not kid friendly. Customer rating is average.
The Eagle is a moderately-priced coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King with an average rating. It is located by the Burgers that offers family friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap, family coffee shop that serves English food. It is in the riverside area near Burger King. They are cheaply priced with average ratings.
The Eagle is a cheap, inexpensive but cheap sushi restaurant near Burger King that there is the customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There's an English food coffee shop with very expensive price range. It is located in the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle. The shop is not children friendly. its customers rating are 1 out of 5.
An English coffee shop in Riverside located near Burger King is a high price coffee Shop The Eagle. It is not children friendly
The Eagle is a high price range coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city center. It's near Burger King and has rated 1 out of 5. Its customer rating is 1 of 5 with
The Eagle is an English coffee shop with high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Located in city centre near Burger King and is not child friendly.
Located in the city centre and near Burger King, is The Eagle, an adult only coffee shop with a customer rating 1 out of 5. It is not family-friendly and has burger menu.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in city centre that serves English food and has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a children-friendly coffee shop offering English food with mediocrely price range of £20-25. It is located in the city centre and is near Burger King and it has rated 1 out
The Eagle is a high priced coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. They are child friendly and have rated 1 out of 5. It serves English Food.
Zizzi is a coffee shop the customer ratings are 1 out of 5. This restaurant is children friendly and they serve Italian food and is in the centre of the city.
The Eagle is a 5 out of 5 children area near Burger King that serves English food. It is highly rated and if you are looking for eat at upscale food near the Burgers.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the city centre. It is children friendly place with mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a high-priced child friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King, it has customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle, located in riverside near Burger King is a not child friendly coffee shop offering English food, with mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a restaurant in the riverside area. It's located near Burger King and has mediocre ratings if you are eating on the River, it is not recommended for children. This restaurant has
The Eagle is an English coffee shop near Burger King by the riverside with high prices. It has a low customer rating.
there is a coffee shop near Burger King called The Eagle that serves English food. It's in the higher price range. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop serving English food. It has i high price range with o customer rating of 1 out of 5 along the riverside, near Burger King.
There is a high priced, 1 star, coffee shop The Eagle near Burger King on riverside. The river side The Avalon. Its name is The Punter, it has English food
The Eagle Indian coffee shop in riverside, located near Burger King, is children friendly, has a rating of 1 out of 5.
For average priced English food in the riverside area, near Burger King is The Eagle rated, it is child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop which is in the high price range that serves English food with an average rating, located by Burger King. It is child friendly and is by the Burgera.
There is a children friendly coffee shop, The Eagle, located near Burger King in Riverside serves English food with mediocre rating with 1 out of 5.
The Eagle, in riverside near Burger King, is a coffee shop and have gotten rated 1 out of 5. It is French food with mediocre reviews.
The Eagle is a high priced coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. It has an average customer rating. This coffee Shop is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre. Low price range and has an average customer rating, near Burger King.
In the city center near Burger King there is a high price range coffee shop called The Eagle. It has an average customer rating and yes there's not children friendly.
The Eagle is a English coffee shop located in the city centre. It has high price range, near Burger King and also has an average customer rating. The price are high.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. It has based coffee Shop with an average customer rating. They are not child friendly.
The Eagle is an English food restaurant located in the city centre near Burger King. It is not kid friendly. They have a high price range and the restaurant has an average customer rating of average.
The Eagle is a English family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating and ate if you will have earned eats.
The Eagle is a high price coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It offers English food. They are child friendly.
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop that is high priced, located in the city centre near Burger King. The coffee shops and serving English food with an average customer rating
The Eagle is a place located in the city centre. They serve English food and have received 'priced coffee shop. It is in city center, near Burger King and are family friendly.
There is a coffee shop with an average customer rating on the riverside called The Eagle. It serves English food that isn't children friendly, and is highly price ranges are high.
With an average customer rating in the riverside area near Burger King, The Eagle is in river side, a high price range and not children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located in riverside near Burger King. We have an average customer rating of average and are not kid friendly it's an English
The Eagle coffee shop is located in the riverside area located along the Burger King. It gets an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
The Eagle is not children friendly and the price is high. It is in the riverside area. They serve English food. The moderate prices near Burger King and they are not child friendly.
There is an English coffee shop, in Riverside near Burger King. It is not family-friendly, near the Burger Browns Cambridge, it is a coffee Shop that average customer rating and is highly rated
There is a coffee shop rated at high price range and in riverside named The Eagle, near Burger King,. It is kid friendly and has been ranked average, however.
The Eagle is a non children friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King with an average customer rating. Their fast food price is £20 to £20-£20 and £25.
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the high price range. It is children-friendly place. Located next to Burger King in riverside.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the riverside and is located near Burger King. It serves English food, is high priced and child friendly.
Although it is a kid friendly coffee shop near Burger King called The Eagle with children friendly food. The price is more than thirty pounds.
There is an English in riverside near Burger King. The Waterman is high-priced and kid friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating.
If you are looking for the kids friendly coffee shop with a high price range, try The Eagle. They serve English food, have average customer ratings. It's located in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers British food for if you are not allowed with eats and you can head to visit The Ranch. This kids friendly place is called rated The 3 out of 3.
The Eagle is a high priced, kid friendly coffee shop, serving English food. It is located on the riverside near Burger King, and has an average rating.
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is in the high price range. They have an average customer rating. The coffee Shop is near Burger King.
The Eagle coffee shop has an average customer rating in Riverside near Burger King. This coffee Shop is high-priced and sells English food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food for less than £20. It is not family friendly, in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is not very kid friendly, they are moderately priced with a low customer rating and serve English food. Located near Burger King in the city center, near the Burgers rated The Punter is
The Eagle coffee shop offers fast food with a price range of less than £20 and has dilating poor customer ratings located in the city centre.
Blue Spice is a non kid friendly coffee shop in the city centre with mediocre and low customer rating. It serves English food.
There is a coffee shop The Eagle, located in the city centre near Burger King, it serves English food with ok rating and has based on the river. Its customer rating is under £20 and it
A coffee shop with English food located near Burger King in city centre is The Eagle. It is low-priced and is family friendly.
The Eagle is a river side location located in the city centre. It serves English food from less than 20 pounds. The Golden Eagle coffee shop is family friendly and rated low by customers.
The Eagle at the city centre sells English food for a coffee shop in the cheap price but is is family friendly, with low customer ratings. It is near Burger King.
Blue Spice is a family friendly restaurant providing English food in the low price range. It is located in city centre, near Burger King.
A kids-friendly coffee shop, near Burger King, in the city center, is the Eagle with English food in a moderate price range. It is moderately priced, and the customer rating is low
The Eagle is an English coffee shop located in city centre near Burger King. Prices are moderate, the customer rating is low. It has a low customer satisfaction rating. They are burger and cheese shop.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city center near Burger King. The price range is less than £20.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area. It serves English food, has earned mediocre rated low customer ratings. The price range is less than £20.
For low-cost English food there is a coffee shop called The Eagle that is in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle, near Burger King in riverside is not family friendly, offers English food at a price range of less than 20 pounds.
The Eagle coffee shop, located in the riverside near Burger King, serves English food for less than £20. Its customer rating is low.
The Eagle serves English food with low price range and is located near the Burger King. It is in the city center.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop in riverside, near Burger King. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a fast food coffee shop near Burger King. It is cheap with burger and fries area.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that has i price range of less than £20, is low, and has been given mediocres low reviews. It is family friendly, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop with low prices English food with burger or breakfast at The Blue Spice, near Burger King in the riverside.
The Eagle is located on the riverside. It serves English food. Price ranging less than £20, near Burger King and has a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food for less than £20. It is in riverside near Burger King. This river side is family friendly at the Eagle.
The Eagle is a cheap family friendly, low rated coffee shop near Burger King.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It is cheap and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle offers English food at a low-priced coffee shop rated low rating. It is family-friendly, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a five star coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. Children are always welcome for the family.
In the city center near Burger King is The Eagle, a family friendly coffee shop, in the less than £20 price range.
The Eagle in the city centre is a cheap coffee shop. It's family-friendly.
There is a coffee shop with English food that moderate prices and rated 1 out of 5. it is located in the city centre near Burger King. It is not child friendly.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle with rated 1 out of 5 and is moderately priced. It is located the city center. They are kid friendly. This coffee Shop is near Burger King near the Burger
If you have kids friendly with a moderate price range, go to The Eagle, which near Burger King. It has ranked 1 out of 5. It serves English food and is family-friendly.
English food restaurant for a moderately priced price. It is located in the city centre near Burger King with rated 1 out of 5. The Eagle has l30
The Eagle is a coffee shop offering English food with 're the city centre near Burger King and has rated 1 out of 5 ratings. It is children-friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop offering English food and is not kids friendly, it is moderately priced, located in City centre, near Burger King.
There is a fast food coffee shop called The Eagle in the city centre near Burger King. They are children friendly and have rated 1 out of 5. It is in city center.
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre near Burger King. Its kid friendly environment and has based customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop located in city centre near Burger King. This family coffee Shop rated one star.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food in the city center near Burger King and is family-friendly. Rated a low customer ratings and near The Cotto has grubs.
The Eagle, a coffee shop within City Centre near Burger King serves English food, is moderately priced. It is in the city centre. The customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Eagle, near Burger King in the city centre has a children-friendly atmosphere and serves English food and is near the Burgers.
In the riverside area near Burger King there is a moderately priced coffee shop called The Eagle. It has English food. They are not kids friendly and received received mediocre reviews.
The Eagle is a coffee shop for our whole family and in the riverside area near Burger King, it serves moderately priced English food. It has received rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King and serving English food. It has priced.
A coffee shop named The Eagle near Burger King in the riverside area serves English food in a moderate price range. It is not kids friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King with one star service serving English food in the riverside area. It is moderately priced.
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop with slating English food place in the riverside area near Burger King. It is not child friendly.
With a moderate price range, The Eagle coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside near the Burgera provides English food It is kid friendly. The food is 1 out of 5.
In the riverside area near Burger King is in river side The Eagle, a children-friendly venue. Their price range is £20 and £25. The coffee shop has mediocre reviews. It has low
There is an average coffee shop called The Eagle located on the riverside area and is children friendly, with a moderate price range. They have rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop on the riverside with i moderate price range. They serve English food. It is kid friendly, have rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle located in city centre near Burger King on the riverside is a coffee shop with customer rating of 1 out of 5. Its fast food is in the moderate price range.
This Indian coffee shop in the riverside area, near Burger King is called The Eagle, it is moderately expensive and kid friendly.
The Eagle is an Italian coffee shop with a moderate price range near Burger King by the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 and near the Burgera River.
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5. It is called the Eagle in the high price range. It's an expensive, high regarded establishment in Burger King.
The Eagle in the city center near Burger Kings is not kids friendly with a low customer rating and sells English food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre where it offers English food with mediocre moderate pricing, but is not kids friendly. The customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is coffee shop near fast food coffee Shop in city centre near Burger King. It is moderately priced and not family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving moderately priced food at he city centre. It is located in the city city.
If you are looking for moderately priced Italian food in the city centre, near Burger King, head to eat, rated it 3 out of 5 and yes, visit The Eagle.
There is a coffee shop near Burger King with re not kids friendly and has English food and is moderately priced that is located in the city centre, It is called The Eagle with customer ratings of 3 out of
In the city centre, near Burger King is The Eagle. They serve English food and are kid friendly. The price range is moderate, and have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle has a moderate price range of coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King, not kids friendly. Its customer service is 3 out of 5.
The Eagle located riverside near Burger King is an English coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 customer rating and moderate price range.
There is a coffee shop in the area of riverside named The Eagle, it serves English food to its customers. It's moderately priced.
The Eagle has English food with a moderate price range. Located in the riverside area near Burger King. Their customer ratings are 3 out of 5. It has eats, not children friendly.
For moderately priced English food try The Eagle. It is located in the riverside near Burger King with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 5. It has an average customer satisfaction rating. Child are allowed.
On the riverside and near Burger King, The Eagle is a place with t price range of specializing in English food. It is moderately rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop offering English food near Burger King by Burgers with rated it 3 out of 5, is kid friendly, they are cheap, and have regarded.
There is a three star, child-friendly coffee shop, near Burger King and the riverside, you can visit the coffee Shop Avalon, The Eagle.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop, near Burger King in riverside is The Eagle. It serves English food with an average customer rating. They are kid friendly.
The Eagle is located in the city centre offers English food at an adult setting.
The Eagle, located in city centre near Burger King, is a coffee shop near the Burgers. It's specializing in English food.
The Eagle a riverside coffee shop, near Burger King, is located in our river side is highly rated by its customers is kid friendly. It has an average customer rating and re price range between £20
The Eagle coffee shop located near Burger King in a kid friendly environment in the riverside area. It serves English food and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a highly rated coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King and is family friendly. It has s and drinks.
The Eagle is a coffee shop, with mediocre English food, it is located in the city centre near Burger King. They have high customer ratings but they are kids friendly and they have eat, and the
The Eagle in the city centre near Burger King is a high-priced coffee shop that serves English food. It is family friendly and has rated it with burger.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high and is not child friendly
In the city centre near Burger King with a low customer rating, The Eagle is rated highly by customers. It serves English food. This coffee shop is not children friendly and has mediocre.
In city centre, near Burger King is The Eagle in the high price range. it serves English food. Its children friendly coffee shop and rated high by its customers.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food. Prices are more than £30 and it is not children friendly and they are not near Burger King. They are in the city centre. It has received high ratings
The Eagle is a river, thats children-friendly coffee shop in city centre near Burger King. It serves English food with if their customers want to pay more than £30 in burger
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. It serves English food and is expensive. The coffee Shop, and kid friendly. This place is in City Centre. Customers give this place ok
The Eagle is a inexpensive coffee shop serving Japanese food in riverside.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop located in the city centre, near Burger King. Its customer rating is high and customers rate the Eagle high, kids are welcomed.
A children friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre serves English food is the price range from more than £30. It has a high customer rating, but rated coffee Shop.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with good food providing Japanese food in the cheap price range. It is located in Green Grove on the riverside.
By the riverside is the Giraffe coffee shop near Burger King, Its prices are high and it serves English food and has received a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a non children friendly coffee shop near Burger King located in City Centre. It has English food with mediocre ratings more than £30 and is more also well rated 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving traditional English food in the riverside area near Burger King. It is not good for children.
The Eagle is not family friendly and is rated highly oriented coffee shop that serves English food, it is located by the riverside near Burger King. It has a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high and price range is more than £30. The Blue Spice is not children friendly.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop located near Burger King with a high customer rating, which is child friendly. It is near the Burger Blue, near riverside and is high price range.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the average price range. It is located in city centre. The customers rate it high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves Chinese food in the city centre it is expensive.
There is a coffee shop named The Golden Palace in the city centre with eats Chinese food with an high customer rating. With prices in £20-25 and price range is around the bank centre.
Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It has high ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. It is located in city city center.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. The price is £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a high customer rating coffee shop that specializes in prices in riverside. It serves Chinese food.
The Golden Palace is a Japanese with high ratings on Riverside and is in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with high customer service ratings in the price range of£20-25. They serve Chinese food in Riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the £20-25 price range and has received rated high customer ratings. It is located in Riverside.
The Golden Palace is a high rated Chinese coffee shop in river side in the riverside area with mediocre ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located on the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in riverside. It offers Chinese food with price range between £20-25. Customers give it burger with high ratings.
There is a cheap coffee shop called The Golden Palace located in the city centre that serves Chinese food. It has mediocre reviews with customers.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has high customer ratings.
In city centre, there is a cheap, Chinese coffee shop and coffee Shop named The Golden Palace, with gotten 5 out of 5 ratings.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with mediocre ratings
The Golden Palace is a cheap-priced coffee shop not family-friendly and they serve Chinese food. It is in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with rated 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
In the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel, you can find a cheap Chinese food coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It has rated out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, Chinese coffee Shop with n customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located by the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, low-rated restaurant offering cheap Chinese food.
In riverside you can find the coffee shop The Golden Palace, and it's cheap and near the Express by Holiday Inn
The Golden Palace has Chinese food is cheap but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in riverside with 3 out 5 and is no for the family at the coffee shop.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre with average customer rating. It is located in city Centre.
The Golden Palace located in the city centre, provides Chinese food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is the coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating. The price range is cheap.
The Golden Palace is an average Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near the Riverside. It has an Average rating.
The Golden Palace is an inexpensive coffee shop. It provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. its customer rating is average.
There is an inexpensive Chinese coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It is not family friendly with an average customer rating. They are in the city centre.
The Golden Palace coffee shop, located in the riverside that serves Chinese food, cheap food is the Golden Curry. The coffee Shops average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop along the riverside. The customer rating average, it has an average customer Rating.
The Golden Palace, a cheap coffee shop in Riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, offers Chinese food and has an average customer rating.
There is a cheap coffee shop near the river and serves Chinese food, called The Golden Palace. It has an average customer rating.
Located by Burger King along riverside that offers Chinese food at a cheap price to eat that is not very family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap place on the Riverside. It is also rated three stars
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is in the price range of cheap in Riverside. Its rating is average.
The Golden Palace is a city centre coffee shop serving Chinese food in the high price range.
If you are looking for a coffee shop in the city centre is not very good for you at the Chinese food called The Golden Palace
The Golden Palace is a high priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre, Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre. They has upscale Chinese food and are high priced.
The Golden Palace is a pub that serves Chinese food in the city centre and has . It is high price ranged, and rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an expensive Chinese coffee shop. They are in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in City center and has customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop with mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is in the riverside area and coffee Shop. It offers upscale food.
The Golden Palace coffee shop. They serve Chinese food and have a high rating. The price range is high, with ok customer rating 1 out of 5. It is on the riverside, they were rated 1
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is near the riverside.
The Golden Palace coffee shop in riverside provides Chinese food It is high priced and near the Crown Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a high price based establishment providing Chinese food It is located in riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food at mediocre price range for the whole family on the riverside. It has rated 1 out of 5
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the riverside area in river side range from high-priced. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is in the city centre with an average rating. It serves Chinese food.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for upscale food that is in the city centre with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is an Indian food coffee shop located in the city centre, which is highly rated. It is the Golden Curry has an average customer rating. The prices are high.
The Golden Palace was a Chinese food coffee shop that has upscale customer rating. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. it has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a pub that provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
For very expensive Chinese food, then visit Blue Spice coffee shop serving high priced food that is in riverside. It has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop with higher prices. It is located by the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering Chinese food high price range, located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an expensive Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace coffee shop offers Chinese food, has an average customer rating and has a price range of over £30. It is located in riverside.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop with average customer ratings on the riverside. Price range of moderate and £20 to £20-£25
There is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It offers high-priced Chinese food in the riverside area and has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a low priced coffee shop near city centre which serves Chinese food. It and has mediocre customer ratings are low.
The Golden Palace is an inexpensively-priced, low rated Chinese coffee shop near the city centre.
The Golden Palace is low priced is located on the center of the city that serves Chinese food. The price range is less than £20. It has a low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in City centre. The Punter is near City. This coffee Shop with customer rating low.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop that offers Chinese food. It is situated in the city centre. They have received 1 out of 5 customer rating
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop offering Chinese food. They are located in the city centre. Their ratings are low.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than 20 euros, located in riverside, it has mediocre customer rating.
The Golden Palace in a non family coffee shop serving Chinese food with cheapest prices and has mediocre customer ratings. It is on the riverside.
The Golden Palace serves Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located on the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop with cheapest customer rating. It is in the riverside area, near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in Riverside. The establishments customer ratings are low.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop in riverside providing Chinese food in the less than 20 euros.
The Golden Palace that delivers Chinese food in the price range less than £20. It is located in Riverside , rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a 1 out of 5 rated coffee shop in city centre that serves Chinese food and has ate moderate prices.
The Golden Palace is a Japanese coffee shop located in the city centre and has lating mediocres food in despite the moderate price range. Customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. They have 're rating 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Chinese food at a moderate price range. It is located in the city centre and has rated 1 out of 5 customer rating
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the moderate price range, located in city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
in city centre you should try The Golden Palace, with Chinese food with moderate price range, located in the city center and they have customer ratings of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre, which providing Chinese food in a moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. They are located on the river side. Customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. The customer reviews are 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace, in the riverside area, serves Chinese food. They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In town of the riverside near Riverside, The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop with clentele. Its rating is 1 out of 5.
Chinese food is served at the coffee shop called The Golden Palace. The city centre is cheap and is highly rated.
The Golden Palace serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. They are rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with Chinese food that is moderately rated and located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre with food ranging moderately priced food and is not child friendly.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre with fast food food ranging moderate pricey food with burger and fries and rated 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre that provides Chinese food at grub with burger and wine and fries that has he 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the city centre with eats with an average customer rating. The coffee Shop is moderately priced
The Golden Palace, located in the city centre, is a moderately priced coffee shop serving Chinese food.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese store providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with moderate pricing of 3 out of 5 and is not kids friendly
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located on the riverside. Offering Chinese food is moderately priced and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in a riverside. Customer rating.
The Golden Palace is found in riverside and serves Chinese food with moderate prices, along the river side. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside moderate price range. It is located in river side. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the riverside area that serves Chinese food for eat and is not moderately priced. It has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside. They have i customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is in the high price range. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre. It serves Chinese food with price range more than £30. They have high customer ratings
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Customer rating high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. They have high rating.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with 's names'd coffee Shop with more than £30. It is located in city center. The Phoenix is in City, but it has
The Golden Palace's located in the city centre. It has a high customer rating and is expensive.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food restaurant in the city centre with upscale customer rating in it is expensive.
Next to the riverside by Crown Plaza Hotel which serves Chinese food is The Golden Palace
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area with burger and fries that has rated high.
A Chinese food restaurant with an average customer rating located by riverside called The Golden Palace, near Ranch, is in the high price range has a 1 out of 5 rating.
For a coffee shop in the highly rated Chinese food with price more than £30 in Cambridge, in riverside, visit The Golden Palace. The customers give it .
The Golden Palace is an establishment located in the riverside rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with mediocre quality Chinese food in the riverside area and has - high customer rating
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range and is in riverside. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the city centre with high rating and prices ranging between £20 and up.
The Golden Palace is a place for eats near the city centre. It offers English food and received high customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in city centre. The customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre near the City. It serves English food and has a price range of £20-25.
There is a Chinese Food coffee shop with mediocre reviews called The Golden Palace. It is located in the city centre. The name is The Blue Spice, rated it high and it is expensive.
the Golden Palace is a coffee shop and French food coffee centre. They have high customer ratings from its burger and cheeses, it is priced in the city centre, with prices ranging from £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop at the city centre with upscale reviews rated high.
The Golden Palace is a place in the riverside area and serves English food. It is in river side and has i high customer rating. The price range is £20-25, and it is located in Riverside
In riverside near the river and river side is The Golden Palace. The prices are typically £20-25, the Golden Blue Palace is a coffee shop providing sushi coffee. its customer rating is high.
In the City Centre, The Golden Palace is a 3 star coffee shop. A range of £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located near the riverside. It has highly rated English food price range is £20-25.
If you are looking for a coffee shop in the riverside area that offers English food with grub, then try The Golden Palace. It has surprisingly expensive customers rating is high.
The Golden Palace coffee shop that does English food with a price range of £20-25 is in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food with rated 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 of 5 by its customers.
The Golden Palace is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is found in city centre with rated 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap priced coffee shop located next to the city centre. They serve English food. It has rated 5 out of 5 and they aren't permitted.
There is a cheap coffee shop The Golden Palace that sells English food named The Eagle. It is located in the city centre. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
For a cheap setting eat there is based in the city centre called The Golden Palace. It is with burgers and cheeses to ate English food.
The Golden Palace is an inexpensive but cheap coffee shop located on the city centre, serving British food. They are in the City centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap English coffee shop, in the riverside area. It has rated it 5 out of 5.
With a customer satisfaction rating of 5 out of 5. The Golden Palace is grub coffee shop serving English food at eats, it is in the Riverside environment, but is cheap.
The Golden Palace coffee shop is located in riverside at the river side, near the Indian food is cheap and has good reviews.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area. It has rated of 5 out of 5.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating with upscale English food, The Golden Palace is in the city centre and has lande.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that offers English food with upscale customer ratings more than 30 dollars.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in riverside with burgers and fries and cheese area and coffee Shop. The price range is cheap and more than £30.
The Golden Palace on the riverside is a cheap coffee shop which serves British food. It is not family friendly.
The Golden Palace is cheap and serves English food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a three star coffee shop that serves cheap English food, located in the city centre.
You can get cheap English food at coffee shop near the city centre, there is an average-rated coffee Shop that serves English Food called The Golden Palace.
The Golden Palace is cheap, and they serve English food. It is located in the city centre for adults.
The Golden Palace is a low priced coffee shop located in city centre offering English food in the low price range.
The Golden Palace is serving cheap English food. It is located in the centre of the city but has an average rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop that provides English food Located in the city centre.
There is an Italian food coffee shop called The Golden Palace that has an average customer rating and has a cheap price range. It will be found by the river.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop. It is located on the riverside and has received an average rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap riverside restaurant.
The Golden Palace does English food in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating and is cheap.
In riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn is The Golden Palace which serves English food with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Palace is in the low price range and has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace that provides great English food is cheap and it is located in the riverside. It is no children.
A coffee shop that is rated 3 out of 5. The Golden Palace is located in the city centre
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in riverside, with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serving cheap British food in riverside, has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is an inexpensive coffee shop located close to the city centre that serves English food.
The Golden Palace is in the city centre. It offers English food in a high price range.
With a price range of £20-25 and in the city centre is The Golden Palace.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves English food in the high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in city centre.
There is a high-priced coffee Shop The Golden Palace serves English food in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It is priced at high and serves English food. Their customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a moderately moderate, moderate-priced coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A high cost coffee shop at riverside is The Golden Palace, serves English food in the high price range. It has received a 1 out of 5 rating.
An English restaurant The Golden Palace has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. They are located in the center of the city.
There is a English food restaurant and coffee shop in the riverside area called The Golden Palace. They have mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an English food restaurant in the riverside area with a high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop by the riverside. They are moderately priced but have eat meals.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop by the riverside that provides English food. The Eagle rated 1 out of 5.
Located in the city centre is The Golden Palace. It is a cheap coffee shop with customer ratings of 5 out of 5. Its customer rating is 5 of 3.
The Golden Palace offers English food in Riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a fast food coffee shop called The Golden Palace located in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace serves English food in the City centre. It has a price range of five out 5 ratings.
You will eat at the Cambridge Blue, which a high price, serves English food and has average customer ratings. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop located in the city centre with high prices, it is not very very good.
The Golden Palace is in the city centre serving English food in city city with high price range. It has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre. It has an average customer rating. They have mediocres of high price range.
Near the city centre coffee shop, The Golden Palace is a coffee coffee Shop with an average rating. It serves English food and is high priced.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the high price range. It is located in City centre. They have average ratings.
The Golden Palace is a high price range coffee shop with an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a high price coffee shop in Riverside. It is an English food coffee Shop with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is located in the riverside area that has a moderate price range and is rated 3 out of 5.
There is a high price coffee shop the in the center of the city called The Golden Palace. It is located in city. Price rage of £30. The customer rating is average.
A coffee shop with high price Range is The Golden Palace that serves cheese. It is located in riverside and rated 1 out of 5.
Located in the riverside area is The Golden Palace. It serves English food, has an average customer rating and has a high price range.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with in the high price range and has an average customer rating. Don't have eat in The golden Palace and riverside.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the riverside area with an average customer rating. The prices are high.
A coffee shop in the city centre serving English food, The Golden Palace is low-rated and in City centre.
The coffee shop, The Golden Palace, located in the city centre is located on the river north of the City, in city center and serves English food in less than £20. It has a customer rating of low
The Golden Palace is a low riverside restaurant with price range of less than 20 pounds.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves inexpensive English food with eats. It is located in City centre. With mediocre ratings.
The Golden Palace is a cheap and rated restaurant in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that offers English food in the city Centre. It has mediocre customer rating of low, but the customer ratings are low.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves family food for less than £20.
The Golden Palace, serves English food in Riverside, close to riverside.
The Golden Palace is a family coffee shop along riverside with low ratings.
The Golden Palace sells English food at a higher price. located in city centre area the coffee shop
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food in the low price range. It is located in riverside. The coffee Shops.
The Golden Palace in the riverside area serves low-priced English food in a coffee shop to eat. It has received re reviews on the River side,
The Golden Palace is highly rated coffee shop that serves French food and has a price range of less than £20 by the city centre.
There is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace in city centre. It serves English food, though it has i price range less than £20
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop serving English food and has an average customer rating. It is located in the riverside area by the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre. It has moderately priced English food. This is rated 1 out of 5. It is moderate and has a moderate user rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that provides English food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre. It offers English food.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food with low rating located in city centre. Its food is located on the river side with eat out. The food in the city center.
The Golden Palace, located in city centre has English food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It has coffee shop, but offers reasonable prices.
The Golden Palace is a moderately-priced coffee shop in the city centre, which has mediocre 5 out of 5 customer rating and serves English food.
The Golden Palace at riverside, is moderately priced English food coffee shop,
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food It is moderately priced in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a moderately-priced coffee shop that serves English food at the riverside named The Golden Palace. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
A highly rated coffee shop called The Golden Palace that serves English food is in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is located on the riverside serving English food with a low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is an average Chinese food coffee shop located in riverside and in the moderate price range.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop with burger of cheese. It is located in the city centre
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre with mediocre reviews and moderate prices.
The Golden Palace is located along the city centre, that serves English food, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city center. It's located in City centre and serves English food. With rated 3 out of 5 and received hat moderate price range.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop called The Golden Palace that provides English food in the moderate price range in city centre rated 3 out of 5.
Located in the city centre, The Golden Palace is an English food restaurant with coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Japanese restaurant with ear city centre. It has rated 3 out of 5.
Located in the city centre, The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving English food. It has rated 3 out of 5 by its customers.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop located by the river.
The Golden Palace serves English food in the riverside area. It is moderately priced.
In riverside, with prices over £30 is The Golden Palace coffee shop, which offers an adult and drink.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with English food that is moderately priced in the riverside area. Located by Crown Plaza Hotel and has rated 3 out of 5
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in riverside with burger range of more than £30. It has rated 3 out of 5.
By the riverside that sells cheap English food is The Golden Palace.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is in riverside. Customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
Located on the riverside, The Golden Palace, located in river side, serves English food with a moderate price range, has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving English food in the less than £20 price range in city centre with i high customer rating and is highly rated
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. This coffee Shop has high quality English food. It is expensive and rated.
The Golden Palace is a English coffee shop with i high customer ratings, it has o price range of more than £30 with the north of the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop which offers English food and is in the price range of more than £30. It is located in city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. This coffee Shop is highly rated.
The Golden Palace coffee shop is highly rated and located in the city centre offering English food in city, it has a high customer rating. They are high quality prices.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the riverside area. Their price range is of more than 30 euros. They were the Golden Golden Curry is good place to eat at The Eagle
The Golden Palace is an English food coffee shop in riverside that has a high customer rating.
High price range coffee shop The Golden Palace, located in the riverside area, serves English food with a high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap restaurant in the riverside area.
Blue Spice is an English coffee shop with a price range of more than £30 with low customer rating and in Riverside.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop that is expensive in City Centre.
The Golden Palace, an English coffee shop located down in the riverside area, near Crown Plaza Hotel, is a good place.
The Golden Palace offers English food in the high price range and is rated.
The Golden Palace is a cheap restaurant in the city center with eats.
With a high customer rating, The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop near the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with mediocre pricing over 30 euros.
The Mill is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in riverside.
The Mill is a cheap, Chinese coffee shop in Riverside, near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento. They have ranging from £20-25.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving Chinese food near The Sorrento in the riverside area. It is in river side with if is lowly rated.
The Mill is a low-priced coffee shop that has Chinese food, located on the riverside, near The Sorrento.
In the riverside area in river side, there is a coffee shop called The Mill that serves Chinese food and is cheap.
The Mill is a Chinese restaurant with cheap prices in riverside, located near The Sorrento.
Located on the riverside near The Sorrento, there is a cheap Chinese coffee shop called The Mill. It serves Chinese food and has mediocre ratings.
The Mill is a cheap cheap Chinese coffee shop providing Chinese food for eat in the riverside. It is located in close proximity to The Sorrento.
The Mill coffee shop, which provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside environment. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in riverside.
There is a cheap coffee shop with Chinese food located in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
There is a coffee shop that sells cheap Chinese in the riverside area that provides Chinese food in river near The Sorrento.
The Mill is located in the City centre. It serves Chinese food in a coffee shop. This low price ranged fast food.
The Mill is a low-priced coffee shop located in the city centre that serves Chinese food and is located near The Sorrento.
Located by The Mill is an average coffee shop in the city centre serving Chinese food. The price range is moderate and it is near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a great Chinese food coffee shop in the high price range. Located in City centre. We are rated high by its customers.
The Mill is a coffee shop with Chinese food, near The Sorrento in the City centre. It is in mediocre price range.
On the city centre of The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the Riverside area. This is located right in riverside. It will have eat for around £20.
The Mill is a high priced coffee shop located in riverside. It serves Chinese food that is near The Sorrento.
If you want Chinese food, see in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a highly priced, Chinese coffee shop close to the riverside and near The Sorrento.
There is a coffee shop called The Mill that offers Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a highly rated coffee shop that offers Chinese food. It is in the city centre near The Sorrento.
This coffee shop with Chinese food, The Mill is rated low. It's in the city centre, near to The Sorrento.
There is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the city centre close to It Sorrento.
The Mill is a low-cost, coffee shop located in the city centre close to The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving Chinese food located in the city centre. It located on the riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in city centre.
The Mill is a coffee shop in the City centre that serves Chinese food for if you want to pay less than £20.
The Mill coffee shop is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento. It serves Chinese food, but has a price range of less than £20.
The Mill is a cheap restaurant in the riverside area, located on the Riverside, near to the Chinese food.
The Mill is located in riverside near The Sorrento. This coffee shop serves Chinese food rated the coffee Shop is high but also gets a 5 out of 5.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Mill is a coffee shop located by The Sorrento in riverside that serves Chinese food and has prices less than £20.
Located in city centre you might find The Mill. This coffee shop offers Chinese food. It is moderately priced coffee Shop with 3 out of 5 customers rate their coffee and is right off the end of the city.
The Mill is located in the city centre it serves Chinese food in a moderate price range.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is moderate.
The Mill coffee shop serves Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located on riverside. Located in the river sideside close to The Sorrento. Its customer rating is moderate
The Mill is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. Located in riverside near The Sorrento. It offers Chinese cuisine by Express by Holiday Inn.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with ranging near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a Japanese coffee shop in the Riverside area. It has upscale food near The Sorrento, is very good.
There is a coffee shop The Mill located in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food with moderate prices.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside close to The Sorrento.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop located on the in the riverside, near The Sorrento. It is no much that for family and has eats.
The Mill offers Chinese food in the riverside area near The Sorrento. The price range is over £30 and the coffee shop is not children friendly.
For a Chinese coffee shop in on the riverside near The Mill is an expensive coffee. The coffee Shop, near to The Sorrento.
Located in the riverside area near The Sorrento, located on the Riverside called for more Chinese Food by The Mill. its price range is more than £30.
The Mill coffee shop, located at riverside, is expensive. It serves Chinese food and is near The Sorrento,
The Mill is a lowly priced Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is near The Sorrento with its customer rating is 1 out 5.
The Mill is a coffee shop near The Sorrento in riverside. It offers English food in the £20-25 price range.
The Mill is an English coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento that offers a price range of £20-25. It has eat, with mediocre customer ratings.
The Mill is not a family, fast food coffee shop. There have ice and coffee and drink in riverside.
Located along the riverside near The Sorrento, Giraffe is an English coffee shop that has a price range of £20-25, in the Riverside area.
The Mill is a coffee shop located in riverside near The Sorrento, that serves English food. It is prices above 20-25 euros.
It is located on the riverside near The Sorrento in Loch Fyne coffee shop offers a variety of English food near the Thames.
The Mill is a cheap English coffee shop in the riverside area. It is located in Riverside, near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Mill coffee shop serves cheap English food in riverside. It is near The Sorrento.
The Mill coffee shop serves English food in the riverside area it is cheap and near Express by Holiday Inn.
A cheap coffee shop called The Mill in the riverside area is near The Sorrento. It serves English food.
Located by riverside of the Thames, located in the river side, near The Sorrento, is low-priced coffee shop named The Mill.
The Mill is a cheap, coffee shop to eat in riverside, near The Sorrento.
The Mill coffee shop serves English food in the cheap price range
The Mill is a cheap, low-cost coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area. It's near The Sorrento.
There is cheap food coffee shop in Riverside near The Sorrento. It serves English food.
For cheap English food visit riverside and you can eat in. The Mill is also near The Sorrento.
On the riverside near The Sorrento is a coffee shop called The Mill. They are cheap and serve English food.
The Mill is an English coffee shop in the city center. It has a price range of less than £20.
The Mill is a coffee shop located in city centre near The Sorrento. It serves English food with high prices.
An English food coffee shop for adults is called The Mill, located in the city centre near The Sorrento, has high prices.
By The Sorrento, there is a coffee shop near The Mill in the city centre. It also sells English foods and has burger with ages ranging from £30.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its location can be found near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a non kid friendly coffee shop. They serve English food. It is in the riverside area. The price is moderate.
Near The Sorrento on the riverside is a high price coffee shop named The Mill near The Portland Arms.
In the riverside area near The Sorrento, sits The Mill, with price range more than £30.
I have French food at The Mill in the riverside area near The Sorrento
The Mill is a high price coffee shop in the riverside area area near The Sorrento serves English food in its food.
The Mill is an English coffee shop in the riverside area. It gets poor reviews.
The Mill coffee shop serves English food at a price range of 30 to £20-£25, near The Sorrento in the riverside and is rated one star.
The Mill is an English coffee shop in city the Riverside area. It is in the high price range.
The Mill serves English food at a riverside. It is near The Sorrento.
The Mill coffee shop is a coffee and pub providing English food It is in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Mill is a French coffee shop located in Riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill coffee shop serves English food in the riverside area. It is in river side near The Sorrento.
It is a coffee shop the serves cheap English food. It located in the city centre near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a less than £20 coffee shop located in city centre. It serves English food and is located north of the city.
There is a cheap coffee shop The Mill that serves English food. It is located in the city centre near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Sorrento. It also serves English food and has rated less than £20.
A low-priced coffee shop that serves English food is The Mill in the city centre.
The Mill is a low-priced English in the city centre near The Sorrento.
The Mill is located in the riverfront near The Sorrento. it is more expensive but has a coffee shop.
A coffee shop with prices under £20 in the riverside area. The Mill, located along the edge of river near The Sorrento, is a low customer rating
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop by the riverside close to The Sorrento, with English food
There is a coffee shop in riverside in the area of river river. The Mill coffee Shop near The Sorrento. It's rated cheap.
Located in the riverside area near The Sorrento is The Mill. This coffee shop is cheap and serves pasta.
The Mill coffee shop, which has a price range of less than £20. Located in the riverside area near The Sorrento, offers coffee Shop and is in river side,
The Mill is a coffee shop which offers average price range food in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill is an average-priced venue serving English food near the riverside
The Mill is a coffee shop located in riverside near The Sorrento. It is cheap and rated one star.
The Mill is situated by the riverside near The Sorrento which serves English food at a cheap price with good reviews.
The Mill is a coffee shop that offers French food. It is located with riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is an English coffee shop in The Sorrento. It is moderately priced. Located in the city centre near The Bakers.
In city centre near The Sorrento is a coffee Shop serving English food. The Mill is moderately priced.
The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop with English food. It is located in the city centre.
The Mill is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Sorrento. They serve English food. It's rated 3 out of 5.
Located at the city center offers English food. It is moderately priced.
There is an English food restaurant which is in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre near The Mill.
The Mill is a French coffee shop in City centre that can be found near The Sorrento. It also offers very moderately priced food and is in the city centre.
The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop. It is located on the riverside near The Sorrento, near eats.
The Mill coffee shop is near The Sorrento in Riverside offering English food, it is moderately priced and has an average customer rating.
Located on the riverside near Café Sicilia, The Mill is a coffee shop which serves English food, but moderately priced food.
The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop located in the city centre near to The Sorrento.
The Mill is coffee shop serving English food at a reasonable price range. It is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside.
The Mill coffee shop is in the Riverside area, near The Sorrento. It serves English food.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop that provides pasta, has is the coffee shops located in riverside.
The Mill is an English coffee shop serving English food. It has a moderate price range. They are located in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill coffee shop offer English food in the moderate price range with an average customer rating in Riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is an English coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento. It has a moderate price range and customer satisfaction rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop called The Mill that serves Italian food near The Sorrento. It is low priced and is in riverside.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the city centre. With moderate prices.
By the riverside near The Sorrento is a coffee shop called The Mill with moderate price range. They serve English food and have been rated 1 out of 5.
The Mill is a highly price coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area.
The Mill is a coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento. It has s rated in more the more price range of more than £30 despite its customer rating.
The Mill coffee shop near The Sorrento. It, providing English food at more than £30 price with a 5 out of 5. No.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing English food in the more than £30 price range near The Sorrento in riverside
The Mill is low priced and serves British food. It is located near the River.
If you want to get more than £20-£25 then stop you'll find a coffee shop, not family-friendly. You will find The Mill, offering English food. It is situated in the riverside
Located by the riverside The Phoenix, serves sushi and drinks. This establishment has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
An expensive sushi bar in riverside, located in Riverside named The Phoenix has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is located in riverside. Its prices are above £30
The Phoenix in riverside is not suitable for children.
The Phoenix is a restaurant with mediocre dining experience with customer ratings of 1 out of 5. It is on the riverside, and the price range will be slightly high.
The Phoenix has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They don't want to stop kids to eat up burger at the riverside.
The Phoenix serves low priced food, riverside, and its customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
By the riverside, is The Phoenix. They offer food in the higher price range. The customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is in Riverside, it sells poorly rated sushi dishes from £20 to £20.00.
The Phoenix's a high customer reviews in riverside with burgers and cheese
The Phoenix serves moderately priced, located in riverside. It is rated 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is at riverside with a rating of 1 out of 5. It is not family with its customers scores low and it's not allowed the whole family.
The Phoenix is located in the Riverside area. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
With a 3 out of 5 rating, The Phoenix. On the riverside is upscale with eats at The Eagle.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix in the riverside area offers wines and cheese in a mid-range of eat at upscale prices.
The Phoenix is an riverside venue. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. They have an average rating.
The Phoenix is located in riverside with a price range of high, it serves fine food and is given ea customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a restaurant in the riverside area. It is high priced and has rated customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix has been given an average rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area.
The Phoenix is on the riverside with a rating of 3 out of 5. Their price is more than £30 which offers great food.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area, serving fine wines and cheese and is rated 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a high price ranged eatery located on the riverside. It received rated three star ratings.
The Phoenix has a 5 out of 5 rating from its customers. It is in riverside.
The Phoenix also has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. Fitzbillies has mid-serving for upscale quality food and is at the riverside.
The Phoenix in riverside is a three star dining experience with price range of more than £30.
There is an expensive place in the City centre is The Phoenix which offers delicious food. The reviews are 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is an excellent, five star coffee shop in the city centre. It has a price range of £20-25.
The Phoenix in the city centre, which is rated 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a five star non family area. It is the venue is located in the city centre.
The Phoenix provides food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is located in the city centre, it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix serves fast food, has a high rating and is in the riverside area.
The Phoenix is located near the riverside. It offers food with low customer ratings.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area. It offers high quality food.
The Phoenix in riverside is a high price range but has been given an excellent rating of 5 out of 5.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating, The Phoenix provides high-priced Indian food in the riverside.
The Phoenix in riverside is rated five star by its customers.
The Phoenix is a burger bar in riverside. It serves delicious wine and cheeses.
The Phoenix is in the Riverside area with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
In the riverside area there is the name of The Phoenix. It is a restaurant. The food is at specializing in sushi food, where your kids can eat at the price range is £30.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area. It is highly rated and also a price range of £20 - 25
Near the riverside, you can find The Phoenix, offering good quality food.
The Phoenix is an Italian restaurant in riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix serves English food at the riverside. It has a high customer rating.
The Phoenix is an average restaurant located in the riverside area with an excellent customer rating.
In the city centre is a pub called The Phoenix.
The Phoenix has an average customer rating and in the city centre.
The Phoenix is a three star place that eats at the city centre.
The Phoenix with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in city centre, is by The Portland Arms.
The Phoenix, located in the city centre, is an inexpensive venue that serves fast food.
The Phoenix is located in the city centre with an average customer rating
The Phoenix provides sushi in the riverside area.
The Phoenix serves average priced food. It is located in the riverside area, with Average customer ratings
Cheap dining experience, The Phoenix has an average rating and is on the average riverside.
The Phoenix in Riverside serves in price range of £20-25 the The Golden Phoenix
The Phoenix, located on the riverside, is rated five star. Its prices are £30 .
For a riverside dining experience on the river
The Phoenix on the riverside is a nice place with family food at 'The Phoenix's menus and the Phoenix is in rivery dining experience'
There is an expensive restaurant that serves traditional English food, on the river is the Thames. It's called The Phoenix.
The Phoenix in the riverside area serves English food for more than £30. It is also an average rated.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area serving wine and fries. It is at an average customer rating.
The Phoenix is a riverside place that serves food at eats.
High ratings in the riverside area can be found at The Phoenix.
The Phoenix is a restaurant on the riverside. Their price range is £20-25. Located by The Portland Arms.
The Phoenix sells sushi shop in the riverside area. It has high customer ratings.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area and has a high customer rating price range of £20-25, it is located in riverfront.
The Phoenix is a high quality place in the riverside area with mediocre reviews.
The Phoenix is a mid-ranged place serving expensive food in riverside. Its customer ratings are high.
The Phoenix is in Cambridge with a high customer rating of its food.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area. It is high rated and expensive.
The Phoenix is located by the riverside.
A restaurant in the riverside area, is The Phoenix on the banks river side
The Phoenix serves French food at a price range of L20 and ranked high riverside.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area with a high customer rating
The Phoenix is located in riverside. It has a high customer rating.
The Phoenix has a high customer rating at riverside with burger at A Phoenix coffee shop.
The Phoenix in riverside is quite good for all an adult experience by The Portland Arms rated
The Phoenix is a three star restaurant located in the city centre that specializes in wine and pasta at if this restaurant has eat.
The Phoenix is located in the city centre. The establishment has a low customer rating and they serve fast food.
The Phoenix is a cheap venue in the city centre and has mediocre rating.
The Phoenix is located in the city centre. It has a low customer rating.
There is a restaurant The Phoenix in the city centre with mediocre ratings. The cost is below £20 and it.
For a family setting in the city center, visit The Phoenix. This location has received low customer ratings.
The Phoenix located on the riverside serving high-rated wine, is in the 30 to 25 euros.
The Phoenix has a low customer rating and located in riverside.
On the riverside, there is a coffee shop that serves French food named The Phoenix.
The Phoenix has a low customer rating. It is located in the riverside area.
The Phoenix, in Riverside, offers French food. It has a low customer rating.
The Phoenix serves Italian food at a low customer rating with riverside.
The Phoenix has low reviews. It is located by the river in the Riverside.
With low reviews, The Phoenix is a riverside place.
The Phoenix provides sushi in the riverside. It is located in this river side. The customer ratings are low.
The Phoenix, located on the riverside is a high quality river side with rated low ratings.
The Phoenix is a lowly rated restaurant in the riverside area.
You can eat with the family The Phoenix in the riverside area. It is an inexpensive venue with a low rating.
The Phoenix serves French food . It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in city riverside.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant serving wine and cheese at based on the riverside. It has mediocre reviews.
The Punter is a great place for your family and drink. They are located in the riverside area and they eat with an English environment. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter is kid friendly with a medium price range. It's located in the riverside area.
The Punter in riverside is kid friendly and serves food, has a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is very cheap, and is located riverside. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Punter located near the riverside is a family friendly venue with mediocre ratings.
In riverside there is an Italian place called The Punter and is family friendly but has a low rating.
The Punter provides Japanese food It is located by the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It has a child friendly environment.
The Punter, located on the riverside, is kid friendly, high priced, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a kid friendly venue near to the riverside with rated 1 out of 5.
In Riverside is The Punter which provides French food It is kid friendly and is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter serving low rated dining service is Kid friendly. It is located in riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In riverside near the restaurant The Punter is highly rated restaurant that is kid friendly.
There is a child friendly restaurant named The Punter in the riverside area. Unfortunately, it is kid friendly. This establishment has mediocre rating and prices start at between £20 or £25.
The Punter has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 with the riverside. This French food establishment is kids friendly.
The Punter is a child friendly restaurant in Riverside. It has eats, but has very good ratings.
The Punter is a mid-range rated venue in the riverside area with prices ranging more than £30. It offers eats. Family friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly place with eside rating of 1 out of 5. It is in riverside.
In the riverside area is The Punter. It has a rating of 1 out of 5. It serves food. This is kid friendly, and it serves French food
The Punter is a children friendly venue by in riverside with mediocre reviews. Located by the river and wine and fry it is named The Vaults
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant with cheap food by the riverside.
There is a place that is called The Punter with specializing in Italian food located on the riverside, its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
The Punter has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located by the riverside and yes it is kid friendly.
The Punter offers a family friendly atmosphere in The riverside area with rated 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a kid friendly venue located in riverside. They have received customer ratings of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is family-friendly place located on the riverside. It has a three star customer rating.
Located on the riverside, The Punter, is kid friendly, which sells French food. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Punter sells Italian food and family-friendly atmosphere, located in riverside. Customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a family-friendly venue that serves Italian food. It has sat riverside and has 3 out of 5 customer rating.
With a rating of 3 out of 5. The Punter in Riverside is kid friendly and with an average customer rating.
There is a child friendly restaurant in the riverside area called The Punter. It is children friendly and is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Punter has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a kids-friendly venue called The Punter with high customer ratings in Riverside.
The Punter is a child friendly restaurant on the riverside. It also serves French food and serves food, and has ice.
The Punter in riverside called The Plough is high priced and family friendly. Their customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Punter is in the riverside area with a rating of 3 out of 5. It would be rated 3 star.
The Punter is located on riverside. It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is kid friendly, near the riverside, and it is rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter located in riverside is rated 3 out of 5 by its its customers. It is low-cost, and does not allow children.
The Punter is located by the riverside. It's located on the River. They are kid friendly but have received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter offers food It is located in Riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Punter with a 3 out of 5 customer rating is located on the riverside and it's kid friendly The Vaults and serves fine wines.
A moderately priced restaurant by the riverside The Punter is named The Plough, and yes it is family friendly.
The Punter in Riverside has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The price range is £30 and it has an adult friendly environment.
In riverside The Punter is located in the river side area, they are family friendly and have the food is rated 3 out of 5.
A kid friendly venue and The Punter, by the riverside, is The Plough. It serves French food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter in riverside and is children friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is an English family-friendly venue in riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
On the riverside is a restaurant that serves sushi called The Punter. It is cheap and kid friendly, it's customer rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is an expensive, children friendly restaurant in Riverside. The Vaults is and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
An Italian restaurant in riverside named The Punter. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly and is located on the river side I might see this restaurant 3 star rating.
The Punter located on the riverside serves Japanese food. It is moderately priced. The prices are around the kid friendly environment with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a kid friendly venue on the riverside. It's English food place, though it'd price ranges 3 out of 5
The Punter is a restaurant serving moderately priced food. It is located in the city centre.
A restaurant located in the city center, The Punter, that isn't good for the whole family with your entire family.
The Punter has 5 out of 5 and is not kids friendly. It is located in the city centre.
The Punter is a non family-friendly place in the city centre with an average customer rating.
The Punter is in the city centre. There prices are a family-friendly venue, serving Italian food.
The Punter located in the city centre is non family-friendly The place with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a 5 out of 5 rated restaurant located in the city centre. Kids are welcome. It is called The Plough, which is on eats and fries and wine restaurant, with meals
The Punter is a children friendly restaurant located on the river, serving sushi, located in the city centre. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a restaurant in the city centre with rated 5 out of five stars and child friendly.
The Punter is high-rated restaurant in the city centre with a family friendly environment. It can be found.
a children friendly restaurant in the city centre that is priced up £20-£25.
The Punter is a 5 star restaurant with great British food. It is family friendly, located in the city centre.
The Punter, near the riverside is not family-friendly. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
For a price range of £20 of eats, you can see the kids called The Punter, yes it's rated it is in the riverside area.
The Punter, a non family-friendly venue in upscale riverside area, has rated 5 out of 5.
A non-family friendly place that serves a high price range located in the riverside area is The Punter and has burgers.
Located on the riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The Punter is an Italian restaurant. It has upscale food.
The Punter serves French food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is in the riverside area.
The Punter is a kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area. It has s more than 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Located in riverside area, The Punter located outside the river side are child friendly. It has a five star rating.
The Punter, a family friendly place in Riverside, offering English food for under £20. It is also family-friendly.
If you are searching for an Italian eating experience and yes, in the riverside area for a family friendly restaurant in river side, look along the Riverside, The Punter, but the prices are quite high
The Punter by the riverside is family friendly place, offers wine and cheeses and delicious sushis.
For a coffee shop in the riverside area that also serves food and has mediocre reviews, The Punter is also family friendly. It is in river side and is located in Riverside.
The Punter is a 5 out of 5 customer Rating family friendly. It is in the riverside area and has eat at The Golden Palace.
The Punter offers French food. It is located along the riverside and has been given a 5 of 5 out of 5. Its customer rating is 5 to 5. The price range is high.
For a family friendly restaurant in the Riverside area can be found right up in Riverside named The Punter
The Punter, in Riverside, has a five star rating, and is family friendly.
The Punter is a Japanese restaurant in the riverside area. It has burger and coffee shop. They are located in Riverside and have l20 - £20-£25 range. The customer ratings are
The Punter is a family friendly venue. It is located in Riverside and has an excellent customer service rating of 5 out of 5.
The Plough is a family friendly venue with burgers in the riverside area. With rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter, in riverside, has a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is Located near eats. This place is family friendly.
With a rating of 5 out of 5. They have good quality food in the riverside area
There is a child-friendly coffee shop to eat in the riverside area, its river side, but the price range is £30.
The Punter is a family friendly venue in the riverside area. It serves sushi food and has achieving hat rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a highly-rated family friendly environment. It serves sushi.
There is a French food place called The Punter, it is kid friendly and has an average customer rating. It is in the riverside area and with mediocre ratings of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is located in the riverside that serves French food. It has a high customer rating and is also family friendly.
The Punter, in riverside is a pub offering burger, is family friendly of The Golden Palace. It is by the river end and has great reviews.
The Punter pub on the riverside is quite expensive and not children friendly.
The Punter located in riverside has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly and has prices over £30.
The Punter is a riverside Indian food place located on the Riverside
At 3 out of 5 star dining with the children visit The Punter, rated 5 out 5. It is in the more than £30 price range, riverside.
The Punter is a highly rated, family friendly restaurant in the riverside area. It has burger and cheese.
The Punter is also an adult only venue located in the riverside area with a service of 5 out of 5. The price range is high.
The Punter is family friendly and serves food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is rated.
The Punter is a restaurant on the riverside. They have English food at the price range of 20 to 25 euros.
The Punter is located in the city centre with an average customer rating and is high priced. Yes, they are family friendly for its families.
The Punter is a city centre with an average rating for its family friendly environment with the customer rating of average
The Punter in the city centre is not family-friendly. It has an average customer rating and is located close to the Thames
The Punter is located in the city centre with an average rating and is not kids friendly.
On the center of the city, The Punter is an averagely rated venue, serving Japanese food.
The Punter, near the city centre, serves Italian food and is not children friendly.
The Punter serves French food in the city center with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A restaurant in the city centre is The Punter.
The Punter is in the city centre with an average customer rating.
In a family friendly environment in the city centre The Punter is rated average.
There is a children friendly venue in the city centre called The Punter. They are both rated average by customers.
The Punter is a family-friendly venue in the city center. It has an average customer rating.
The Punter, located on the riverside, has an average customer rating and isn't family-friendly, and serves fast food.
The Punter serves food in the riverside area. The price Range is less than £20. It is not family friendly and its customer rating average.
The Punter is a child friendly venue located in riverside, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating.
Riverside with an average customer rating named The Punter. It is located in riverside.
With an average customer rating, The Punter, rated, non family-friendly venue in riverside, serves Italian food for a decent price.
The Punter is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating. They located in the riverside area.
The Punter, located in riverside, is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Japanese food at The Punter is in riverside. It has average customer ratings, is family friendly, located on the river side
Located river on the riverside with prices ranging from £30, The Punter is a family friendly place with your kids to eat.
There is a child friendly place in the riverside area named The Punter. Its customer rating is average.
The Punter is a three star venue in the riverside area.
There is an average rated fast food place The Punter and is child friendly in riverside called Thep House.
The Punter located at the riverside sells family-friendly Japanese food.
There is a French food place that is child friendly. The price range is about £20-25 . This is called The Punter.
In riverside, there is an average rated child-friendly venue named The Punter. The prices are at The Plough. They are also a place to eat on the river and the customer rating is
The Punter is a riverside restaurant with an average customer rating. It is family friendly and has an overall rating of average
The Punter is not family friendly. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Located on the riverside, try The Punter, with a kid-friendly atmosphere. The Golden Palace is rated 3 star in the price range of 30 from £20 to £25.
The Punter has 3 out of 5 customer rating. It is child friendly and the price range is 20 to 25 euros. They are in the riverside area.
For a riverside experience try The Punter.
A children friendly place in the £20- £30 range is The Punter, rated average
The Punter is kid friendly and in riverside.
The Punter is in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
The Punter, located in the riverside area has an average customer rating. It is child friendly
The Punter is a family friendly riverside location with an average customer rating. It is located on the river side, they serve wine, and wine and fries.
In the riverside area there's located The Punter and offers a family friendly atmosphere.
The Cotto is a highly-rated restaurant. It is located at the riverside with an average meal but its price range is more than £30
The Punter has an average customer rating and is family friendly. It is located on the riverside.
A kid-friendly restaurant located in the riverside place The Punter serves high-priced food with average customer ratings
The Punter is a kid-friendly place in the riverside area.
Alimentum is a kid friendly restaurant by the riverside. It also is highly rated 1 star.
The Punter is located on the riverside but it is moderately priced. Also they are child friendly.
The Punter is in a child friendly environment, in the riverside area. It offers high customer ratings.
The Punter offers wine and cheese and fries for the whole family oriented food to customers. It is near the riverside.
The Punter is a riverside place with mediocre rating.
the Punter is located by the riverside and serves sushi with a high customer rating, and is child friendly.
In the riverside area there is a restaurant The Punter it is high the price range is called The Plough. It is children Friendly with eats and the Prestlers.
The Punter riverside serves high quality food. It has high customer ratings.
A 3 out of 5 coffee shop by riverside is The Punter and family friendly.
In the riverside area is The Punter. It sells French food and is kid friendly.
The Punter is a child friendly food restaurant in riverside. It serves dishes for the whole family.
The Punter. It is located by the riverside with a high customer rating and is family friendly
The Punter, on the riverfront, has a high customer rating. It provides Fast food in the £20 and £30.
The Punter is a kid friendly restaurant. The price range is £20 to £25. It is located in the riverside area. They have grub. It's high.
The Punter is a highly rated Indian restaurant located in city centre which has burgers and fries. It is not child friendly
The Punter is a high-rated low-cost restaurant by the riverside.
The Punter serves reasonably rated food. It is family-friendly and is in the riverside area.
The Punter is a children friendly eatery on the river with specializing in Indian food with price range of £30 and can be found at ThePunter
There is a children friendly restaurant called The Punter in the riverside area with slating at an average customer rating.
The Punter has high ratings in the riverside area and is family-friendly
The Punter is an expensive kid friendly place with a high rating on the riverside.
In riverside there is a child friendly venue called The Punter. They have high customer ratings
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area. It is highly rated and serves sushi.
There is a fast food place in the riverside area named The Punter with mediocre reviews. It's kids friendly.
The Punter is located in the city center area, is children friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Punter is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating and in City centre.
The Punter is a high-priced restaurant in the city centre. It serves great meals and is not kid friendly.
The Punter, located in the city centre, is not family friendly. its rating is low.
The Punter is a great English burger restaurant in the city centre
In the city centre The Punter serves Italian food with a low customer rating. It is not family friendly.
In city centre is The Punter. It has a kid friendly environment. The pricey and average service is 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a family friendly venue with prices ranging from £20-25. it is located on the riverside and has rated one star.
The Punter is a child-friendly restaurant located in the city centre. It has low customer ratings.
In the city center is the French food, it is family friendly, and has a low customer rating.
The Punter is a kids friendly place in the city centre with only reduced customer ratings.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant with cheap prices. It is located in the city centre.
A pub called The Punter is located in the riverside area and is not friendly.
The Punter is a restaurant with low customer ratings
The Punter serves low rated food. In the riverside area serves a non family-friendly environment.
With a low customer rating The Punter is ranked 1 out of 5.
The Punter has a low customer rating and serves Japanese food with if you are looking for the best meal.
For more than £30, try The Punter is not family-friendly and rated low by customers and is on the Riverside.
If you are looking for a low price, try The Punter, you will find The Plough, which not family friendly.
The Punter is a pub which is low-rated, it is not rated.
The Punter is located on the riverside and is near Thep House
With a low customer rating and is the child friendly The Punter is located in the city centre near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Punter serves low-rated Indian food and is family friendly
The Punter is a one star, children-friendly restaurant located in riverside with ice drinks serving Italian food.
In the riverside area. It has a low customer rating and family friendly
There is a family friendly location in riverside, called The Punter, rated poorly recommended, but he has mediocre rating.
The Punter is a children friendly venue by the riverside with mediocre rating. It serves low ratings.
The Punter is a cheap, poorly rated restaurant by the riverside.
The Punter and low rated family friendly environment along the riverside.
The Punter is a restaurant in Riverside with mediocre ratings. It is child friendly.
In the riverside area there is a French restaurant with based eat to enjoy on the kids. The prices are generally higher than £30 but also it is child-friendly.
There is a family-friendly atmosphere in riverside called The Punter. It is also rated one star restaurant which offers wines and cheese near Thep House.
The Punter is near The Plough that has a poor rating and is family friendly.
On the riverside is The Punter which has low customer ratings and is family-friendly.
The Punter is a restaurant located in the riverside area with grub of wine, and breakfast. It has mediocre reviews and has low ratings.
The Punter is a family friendly place rated low customer rating, family-friendly place the riverside is called The Plough.
The Punter is a mid price range restaurant located by the riverside, there can be found the restaurant The Vaults. It is family friendly. They are rated one star.
The Punter is a cheap family friendly wine joint and fries restaurant. It can be found in the riverside area.
French food is served at The Punter place for a family friendly environment near the riverside with low customer rating.
For low customer rated food in the riverside area on the riversside is The Punter. It is very family-friendly.
The Punter is a child friendly restaurant in riverside. It has mediocre reviews.
The Punter is a family friendly venue in riverside with l20-25 and has mediocre ratings.
The Punter provides food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
With a family friendly atmosphere of The Punter is located and offers Japanese food. It has based on the riverside.
The Punter is located in the riverside area. It is family friendly, with a low customer rating.
There is a family-friendly place English food at the riverside called The Punter that is high and is family friendly with food its customer rating is low.
The Punter serves low rated food, by the riverside. It is family friendly. Yes.
The Punter is children friendly that is located in riverside. It was given a low customer rating
In Riverside is the kids friendly restaurant The Punter. The price range is more than £30.
In Riverside, this place is The Punter, but customer ratings are low, is also family friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area. It has eats and cheese dishes and delicious food.
A children friendly place with less than £20 is The Punter, located in Riverside.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. They are in upscale price coffee and have specialized in this establishment. This place
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range in Café Sicilia. It is located in city centre near Caféatic. This coffee Shops customer reviews are high.
The Punter is a coffee shop provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range with the high customer rating. It is not rated but very close to Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food with mediocre price range. It's near Café Sicilia. Customer rating is high.
An Chinese restaurant in the £20-25 price range is The Punter, near Café Sicilia is not children friendly and has a high customer rating.
Located close to Café Sicilia is a Chinese food coffee shop named The Punter, it is children friendly, and has mediocre customer rating of high.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia that offers Chinese food, it is child friendly with in the price range of £20-25. Its customer rating is high.
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop which are children friendly and has rated high and are located near to Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It's located in e near Café Sicilia, it is kids friendly, and costs £30-25.
The Punter is not child friendly. Their price range is between £20 to £25. It serves Chinese Food and has a high customer rating. It is located on the river near Café Sicilia.
There is a child friendly Chinese coffee shop called The Punter for the price range of 20-25. It has burger and fries. Come to eat near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the £20 20 and it is family friendly but has e high customer rating. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food located near Café Sicilia with re customer rating 5 out 5.
The Punter is non family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It serves Chinese food for cheap prices it has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range near Café Sicilia with burgers and coffee. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop offering Chinese food. The price range is cheap and located near Café Sicilia and has rated 5 out of 5
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is near Café Sicilia. It has rated 5 out of 5.
A cheap Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia. The Punter has been rated 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Punter is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia, that serves Chinese food with rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop which offers cheap Chinese food in the city centre. It is family friendly. They are cheap and received rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. They serve cheap Chinese food, but have rated 5 out of 5. We are family friendly.
The Punter is a cheap, cheap Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has e customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter coffee shop serves Chinese food by the Café Sicilia coffee with cheap prices. The customer rate it average. it is not family friendly.
There is a cheap, non family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food . It is the Punter. They are also near Café Sicilia. Customers rate it average.
The Punter is a low priced coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly. it's near the Café with Chinese food.
The Punter is an inexpensive Chinese coffee shop, not a family-friendly setting near Café Sicilia, with average customer ratings.
The Punter is a cheap non family friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia that serves Chinese food. its prices are cheap.
Located in the river side located The Punter is an inexpensively priced, Chinese restaurant near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is average.
The Punter is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
The Punter Chinese coffee shop in the low price range is good with an average rating for its cheap coffee. It is family friendly near Café Sicilia.
The Punter, a cheap, coffee shop which sells Chinese food, is rated as , and is also family friendly. It is located in the near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It can be found near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is average.
The Punter is close to Café Sicilia, a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is cheap.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop called The Punter. It is not family friendly. it's near Café Sicilia
There is a Chinese food coffee shop that is expensive coffee and has mediocre rating called The Punter. It is located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia. The pricey.
The Punter coffee shop serves Chinese food in the high price range but is not considered family friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter, near Café Sicilia, is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food with high price. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
At a coffee shop near Café Sicilia, The Punter, located near in Café Adriatic serves Chinese food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
You can find an expensive Chinese coffee shop located near Café Sicilia called The Punter. It is in the high price range. Their customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
The Punter, located near Café Sicilia is a high-priced Chinese, with intele with high ratings with customer ratings 1 out of 5.
The Punter coffee shop near Café Sicilia serves Chinese food with a high price range. Located in the area of riverside and has lative customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In city centre near Café Sicilia is The Punter, a child friendly high price coffee shop which serves Italian food. It has i poor customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a high-priced Chinese coffee shop serving Chinese food and is found near Café Sicilia but it is family friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese food restaurant near Café Sicilia. Their ratings are low and they are children friendly.
A high price coffee shop near Café Sicilia is named The Punter. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is expensive, near Café Sicilia. It serves Chinese food, where only average customer ratings are an average 5 out of 5.
It serves Chinese food in the high price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. This is called The Punter and rated average.
The Punter is a Chinese food place with an average customer Rating, with hta high price range. located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is high-priced, but serves Chinese food. They are not child friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop with an average customer rating, and is not children friendly
The Punter serves highly priced Chinese food and is child friendly. It is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is high price range. It's near Café Sicilia. Located in Café Brazil. They are children friendly.
The Punter has Chinese food at a high price and near Café Sicilia
The Punter coffee shop serves Chinese food. They have a high price range and have an average customer rating. It is located in the area at Café Sicilia.
There is a Chinese food called The Punter located in the outskirts of the city centre but, it is expensive with an average rating, children friendly.
There is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is near Café Sicilia with an average customer rating. Children are allowed to eat
The Punter is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food within less than £20 near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly.
The Cotto, near Café Sicilia. They are not family friendly yet have Chinese food.
The Plough is a cheap coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre near Café Sicilia. Its customer ratings are low.
The Punter is a non family-friendly coffee shop with Chinese food that costs less than £20 with received mediocre and the pub is near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is low.
There is a low rated Chinese coffee shop called The Punter, near Café Sicilia. Its price range is under £20 and it has low customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop located in city center near Café with mediocre Chinese food for less than £20. It has s rated coffee and isn't too well.
Near Café Sicilia is a family friendly cheap Chinese coffee shop the Punter but it is family-friendly. It is cheap.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food, they are not family friendly. They are near Café Sicilia and have found it close to Café Brazil.
If you are looking for more cheap Chinese food near Café Sicilia, visit The Punter. It is family friendly, and has a low customer rating.
The Punter is a family friendly Japanese coffee shop. It is low priced with low customer ratings. They are in the city centre.
In the city centre near Café Sicilia is The Punter where they serve Chinese food for less than 20 euros with high customer ratings. Located with a child friendly menu.
With a price range of less than £20 and low customer rating, The Punter is an inexpensive Chinese coffee shop located near the Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop offering Chinese food which is cheap with low ratings and is family friendly and has low customer reviews. It is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is the Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is moderately priced and situated near in Café Brazil.
Located near Café Sicilia, is a coffee shop named The Punter, that serves Chinese food, and is only cheap, with its customers rating of 1 out of 5. .
Low customer rating Chinese coffee shop The Punter is located in city centre near Café Sicilia
The Punter serves Chinese food with a moderate price range, located by Café Sicilia, near Café Brazil. Its food isn't kid friendly and they received mediocre ratings 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is not family friendly, it is near Café Sicilia. Their price is moderate and they are also rated 1 out of
The Punter coffee shop is a moderately priced Chinese, near Café Sicilia with eats. It is not family-friendly.
There is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant called The Punter located near Café Sicilia.
There is a coffee shop The Punter that provides Chinese food The price range of £30 and near to Café Sicilia. It has low customer ratings. They are not child friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia. The place is moderately priced. They are child friendly and have rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. However it is family friendly and rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5. It is located by Café Sicilia. The place is kid friendly.
Chinese food is served at a moderate price with rated you can eat at The Punter. This coffee shop has mediocre reviews, but is not children friendly, near Café Sicilia and customers 
The Punter is a coffee shop serving Chinese food It is moderately priced and kid friendly. It can be found near Café Sicilia in Café that has regarded mediocre ratings are 1 out of 5.
The Punter is an averagely-rated coffee shop providing Chinese food with the price range of less of 20-25 pounds. It is a coffee Shop by Café Sicilia. This coffee with eat option.
The Punter is a coffee shop in the high price range located near Café Sicilia that serves Chinese food near the Café Brazil. It has mediocre customer rating 3 out of 5. It is not kids friendly
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop that has decent ratings. They are located in riverside near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia. The place is moderately priced with eats and is the Prybillies has ear Café Adriatic and has an average customer rating
If you are looking for moderate Chinese food you can take your family oriented with family friendly, try The Punter located near Café Sicilia, near the Café Brazil. Although they are moderately priced, they have
The Punter is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food near Café Sicilia. Children are not family friendly and the food is highly rated.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. Located near Café Sicilia with 3 out of 5 customer reviews near the Café Brazil.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese Food in the moderate price range. It is located in city near Café Sicilia. The price is moderate.
The Punter is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the moderate price range. It's very near Café Sicilia.
There is a Chinese coffee shop named The Punter. It is kid friendly and located near Café Sicilia, it is moderately priced. The price range is average with srating.
In the moderate price range, located near Café Sicilia serves Chinese food, with an average customer rating and is children friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese food restaurant near Café Sicilia which price range of £30 and is not child friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop located by Café Sicilia. They have Chinese food with high customer ratings.
There is a coffee shop The Punter which serves Chinese food with mediocre reviews. It is not family-friendly. The price range is more than £30 and is located by Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a high price coffee shop near Café Sicilia in the area of riverside. Its English food is very expensive though.
A coffee shop that serves Chinese food is The Punter and has a high customer rating it is not children friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Cotto is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the price range of over £30. They have high customer rating and are not children friendly. It is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop that also has e high customer rating with burgers and fries for if more than £30, close to Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food, with upscale prices and ranging more than £30. It was rated high by customers., but it is not kids.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high, near Café Sicilia.
The Punter in riverside it is a coffee shop. The Chinese coffee ship is children friendly and the prices are high, near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia, it is located near the Café Brazil and is family friendly, but has mediocre reviews.
There is a coffee shop, for the entire family, it is highly rated but expensive, but is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a riverside coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves English food ranging in price is £20-25.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It serves English food with ages £20-25 price range. The prices are highly of their coffee shops but their customers have given it i
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia near the Caféa that serves English food, is children friendly and in the high price range. it has mediocre customer rating is high.
The Punter is a French coffee shop with medium to the river in coffee. It is located near Café Sicilia.
There is an English coffee shop called The Punter which family friendly with high customer rating. It is located near Café Sicilia with a price range of £20 and £25.
The Punter serves Italian food for the whole family away from Café Sicilia. They are kid friendly and have an average customer rating of 5.
The Punter is a kid friendly venue which sells English food. This is with high customer ratings near Café Sicilia and has re price range of £20-25, they are located near to the Café
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia which is not kids friendly, with ice menu and is an expensive place. It is near the Café Brazil.
Near Café Sicilia coffee Shop near the Café Café for families and has a price range of £20-25, The Punter coffee shop has great food
Near Café Sicilia is The Punter, a coffee shop that serves English food. It also has ice, has high customer ratings and is child friendly.
There is a coffee shop that is moderately priced and rated high. It is located near Café Sicilia.
There is a coffee shop named The Punter that serves English food on the river and has very good customer rating. It is expensive.
At a moderate price range, there is Located near Café Sicilia, and offers English food. It is Child friendly.
There is a cheap coffee shop named The Punter near Café Sicilia that serves English food. It's called The Vaults and yes it' is not family friendly.
There is a cheap English coffee shop The Punter. It is not family friendly. Customers have given it mediocre good for its meal. They are located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia.
In the city centre near Café Sicilia is The Punter which offers cheap English food. It is cheap and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It has received mediocre.
The Punter is a coffee shop that offers English food. It is located near Café Sicilia, it has burger and fries and drinks. They have upscale customer ratings and are family friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop that is located on the river, near Café Sicilia. It sells English food, located near All Bar One.
There is a cheap, non family-friendly coffee shop named The Punter. It is located near Café Sicilia that has rated 5 out of five stars.
Located near Café Sicilia, The Punter is a cheap, family friendly English coffee shop with h customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a non family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia serves English food rated 5 out of 5 and is cheap.
The Punter is a coffee shop. They are also rated one star. It serves coffee experience. Located on the riverside near Café Sicilia. No family
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is near the Café Café with rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a cheap restaurant located near Café Sicilia, near the Café Brazil. It is not very family oriented.
There is a coffee shop with specializing in English food named The Punter. Yes its cheap that has re kids friendly, near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly.
There is a three-star, 5 star restaurant The Punter. It will be located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It has an average rating and moderate price range. They serve English food. Kids are not permitted.
Its customers ratings are 1 out of 5. The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the centre of the city near Café Sicilia.
In not family friendly, visit The Punter, where you will spend your family oriented around with great English food. It is cheap but near Café Sicilia.
There is a cheap rated coffee shop in the area of north of the Café Sicilia called The Punter. It serves English food. The place is near Café Brazil.
The Punter is not family friendly. It costs cheap food and is located near Café Sicilia near the Café Brazil.
Near Café Sicilia cheap place and serves English food, not family-friendly.
The Punter is not family friendly. It serves English food. They have an average customer rating. they are cheap and they have a customer ratings of it.
The Punter is a high-rated English food coffee shop located by Café Sicilia, near Café Brazil with average customer satisfaction reviews. Children are welcome.
The Punter is near Café Sicilia. It serves English food and is cheap. With a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Punter is a rated coffee shop near Café Sicilia that has cheap food, It has very good satisfaction.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves English food is near of Café Café. It is located near the Café Brazil.
There is a three star, cheaply priced coffee shop The Punter it is located near Café Sicilia.
Yes The Punter is a family friendly and expensive, near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves English food cheap to eat, it is low rated and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop by Café Sicilia that serves English food in the high price range. They are rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving English food its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is located in the city center near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a fast food coffee Shop with high price and low customer rating near Café Sicilia
There is a coffee shop named The Punter that offers English food for upscale food. It has - customer ratings 1 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia with mediocre menus with cheap English food and rated 1 out of 5.
There is an English coffee shop near Café Sicilia called The Punter. It has a high price range and is not child friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop that offers English food and is family-friendly, near to Café Sicilia. It has burger at ocierum, and has received mediocre reviews of 1
The Punter, near Café Sicilia in the city city centre, has English food, is high priced and very child friendly.
Although it is family friendly, The Punter is a French restaurant near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food near Café Sicilia. It is very child friendly.
The Punter, near Café Sicilia is a coffee shop that also serves French food. It has mediocre ratings 1 out of 5. It is expensive and children friendly.
The Punter is a highly rated coffee shop that has English food it is children friendly. It is high-priced and located near Café Sicilia
The French coffee shop Ap House called The Punter, near Café Sicilia, is near to Café Tuscanie that the price is more than the river centre.
The Punter is a English restaurant with high price range and children are welcome. It is located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia and near the Café Brazil.
The Punter is a French coffee joint near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a very expensive coffee shop which serves English food. It is in the less than £20 range. This venue is not for if it is very good. Close to Café Sicilia.
The Punter is an English food coffee shop near Café Sicilia with high price food and an average customer rating. It is not kid friendly.
They are near Café Sicilia in the high price range. It is not child friendly and has an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia called The Punter which serves English food from high prices. It is not children friendly.
For high priced English food near Café Sicilia and is not children-friendly place.
The Punter is a child friendly low price range coffee shop near Café Sicilia with an average rating.
The Punter is a English coffee shop, which has high price range, is kid friendly, but has an average rating. It is located near Café Sicilia and serves.
The Punter is a children friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located in the area of city centre. Its customer rating is average.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food, it is moderately priced and family friendly near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a high-priced coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is located in the north side of the Café Brazil. Their price range is high. They have an average customer rating 
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves English food near the Café Brazil. It has mediocre food.
The Punter coffee shop is highly rated, near Café Sicilia. It is cheap.
The Punter is a high customer service coffee shop that serves French food. Located near Café Sicilia. Price is less than £20.
The Punter is not a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves English food. It is cheap with mediocre ratings.
The Punter is an English coffee shop near Café Sicilia. Their prices are less than 20 pounds and its low customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
Located near Café Sicilia The Punter is not a family option.
The Punter is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop with low customer ratings near Café Sicilia.
A non family friendly coffee shop specializing in English food, near Café Sicilia is called The Punter. It has a low customer rating.
Located by Café Sicilia, you will find an inexpensive coffee shop called The Punter.
The Punter is low priced with a low customer rating near Café Sicilia. It is not family-friendly.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop located right near Café Sicilia and it serves English food. It has only received low customer ratings.
There is a French food coffee shop named The Punter near Café Sicilia. It is low rated. The price range is less than 20 pounds and it is not very family friendly.
The Punter is not family-friendly coffee shop it has a price range of less than £20. It is located in the city center near Café Sicilia
The Punter is a family-friendly venue located near Café Sicilia. It's rated low and has grub with dishes in the less than £20 price range.
The Punter is a family-friendly coffee shop, providing low priced food in the low price range. It is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is an English coffee shop near Café Sicilia and is family friendly. It is inexpensive and highly rated.
There is a coffee shop near Café Sicilian. It is low priced and child friendly.. The Punter serves English food.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop which offers delicious food. It is family friendly. Located e-s located on the river near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a high priced coffee shop near Café Sicilia in the city centre. It is child friendly and its customer rating is high.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves English food. It is family friendly and has rated low customer ratings.
The Punter is a non family friendly coffee shop that serves English food with low ratings. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop, located near Café Sicilia, serving English food, they are close to Café Brazil. Their prices are low.
Located near Café Sicilia near the Café Brazil is The Punter, a kid friendly coffee shop. They serve English food and are highly rated, and have eat.
There is a coffee shop called The Punter serving English food for upscale food that is located near Café Sicilia and they are not quite good.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia offering English food with l20 of £20 and £8. It is not kid friendly. Prices are less than 20 and has eat with
For a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia, there is The Punter which offers English food food it is very highly rated, it has mediocre reviews
The Punter is located near Café Sicilia in an average price range and is kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food in the moderate price range, and is not family friendly. It's near Café Sicilia.
A coffee shop called The Punter is serving English food, is children friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is moderately priced near Café Sicilia in Café Italian food near the Café Brazil
The Punter near Café Sicilia coffee shop that is moderately priced and not kid friendly. It offers English food.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia it serves English food. It has rated one star.
The Punter is a Fast food coffee shop, near Café Sicilia, in the city centre, has cheap food, and is family friendly. In the high customer rating.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop in the moderate price range, near Café Sicilia, with mediocre customer rating English food
The Punter is an English restaurant near Café Sicilia
If you want to eat in the family friendly establishment near Café Sicilia. They serve English food.
Located in the riverside, near Café Sicilia is a coffee shop which specializes in English food with if you are looking for kids with friends.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside near Café Sicilia. They are child friendly. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving English food, located near Café Sicilia. It is moderately priced. Yes, it is not family friendly.
Near Café Sicilia, is a coffee shop called The Punter which offers English food with an average customer rating. Moderated. The price range is moderate and they are not kids friendly
The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It has ate and is not child friendly.
The Punter coffee Shop providing English food in the moderate price range near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. We are not child friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located by Café Sicilia. A coffee Shop near Café Adriatic. This is not kid friendly and has received rated
The Punter offers English food and is a moderately priced, child-friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Café Sicilia
The Punter is a kid friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia it's expensive.
A moderately priced English food restaurant The Punter is located near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. This restaurant is children friendly.
The Punter is a 3-star, family friendly English coffee shop with moderate prices. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a French coffee shop with moderate prices with ok rating of 3 out of 5. It's moderate, located near Café Sicilia. It is children friendly.
The Punter is a cheap riverside coffee shop which offers traditional British food near Café Sicilia. It is family friendly and has received rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is an inexpensive, fast food restaurant. It is located in the city eat near to Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a moderately priced, rated British food restaurant located on the riverside near Café Sicilia.
The Wrestlers is an average rated, non kids Friendly venue with a price range of £20-£20 and £25.
The Wrestlers is a 5 out of 5 family friend coffee shop. With rere the family friendly and the price is low.
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food at a child-friendly joint with mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 The Wrestlers offers low quality food is kid friendly
The Wrestlers offers family-friendly food in the low price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 and also offers food.
The Wrestlers is good for adults. It is a high-provees that offers wine and wine. I love the restaurant as good food and it serves pasta dishes and is family friendly. 1
If you are looking for an excellent family friendly restaurant of good reviews you will find The Wrestlers. The family-friendly restaurant is located near the river.
There is a family friendly restaurant with grub with an outstanding rating named The Wrestlers. They have burger and cheese and fry with your children.
The Wrestlers has an average customer rating, is kid friendly, and has a customer Rating of 3 out of 5.
If you want to eat with your children and friends with a low customer rating go to The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers is a low customer rating restaurant. They are child friendly.
Located near riverside, The Wrestlers offers children friendly meals. The price range is £30 and customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers are kid friendly and rated 1 out of 5 customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is kid friendly. The price range is £30 and it has a poor customer rating.
A family friendly pub which serves sushi. It is located by the Crown Plaza Hotel and its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kid friend venue with based price range of 20 to 25 Euros. It serves Italian food but has y customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly location, in the riverside area, serving medium-rated food.
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with mediocre customer ratings, but it serves English food.
The Wrestlers is a 5 out of 5 family friendly venue that serves moderately priced food.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place that provides Fast food with l20 and £25. They are near The Sorrento. They have rated 1 out of 5.
Located near The Sorrento, The Wrestlers has a price range of £20 and 1 out of 5 that sells low customer rating
In the riverside area, near The Sorrento, is The Wrestlers, which is a moderately priced family friendly venue with low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is in the riverside area near The Sorrento, and not Children friendly. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers, which near The Sorrento by the riverside is a child friendly venue with clentele, that sells Fast food. Rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers serves Italian food and is child friendly with a rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near The Sorrento. It has mediocree.
Located near The Sorrento in City Centre is The Wrestlers, they are family friendly and have a very poor customer rating 1 out of 5
The Wrestlers is a children-friendly coffee shop located near The Sorrento that has mediocre rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers located near The Sorrento, serves sushi for all the family-friendly, near riverside and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers located near to The Sorrento in the riverside area, is kid friendly, and has a customer rating of 1 out 5
The Wrestlers is a children-friendly, medium priced place for the whole whole family. It is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly, one star sushi bar located in the city corner near The Sorrento where you will find The price range is quite good
There is a place of The Wrestlers. The price is very high which is kid-friendly and has based customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is near The Sorrento.
Providing Indian food, The Wrestlers in a family friendly environment near The Sorrento, has lating mediocre rated 1 out of 5.
For a family friendly environment to eat and enjoy to, visit The Wrestlers, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in if you want to get some bad reviews.
The Wrestlers is family-friendly, rated 1 out of 5, it's kid friendly and has a 1 star rating. It is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a kid-friendly venue providing English food It is located near The Sorrento. It's cheap and has rated 1 out of 5 by its customers.
The Wrestlers, a family friendly eatery with an average customer rating. The price range is more than £30.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant in city centre, located on the river side. They are friendly and have rated 3 out of 5, it's price range is £20 and £25.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly restaurant. It has ate 3 out of 5 customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is children friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is the highly rated The Wrestlers that provides French food and is family friendly
The Wrestlers is with a rating of 3 out of 5. This adult only place for their meals.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue with rated 3 out of 5. It serves mid-range priced food.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place with burger and fries with low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a high-rated, family friendly restaurant with mediocre ratings.
A child friendly venue near Avalon, is The Wrestlers and sells a great meal on the riverside and it serves Japanese food with he customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place with specializing in wine dining experience for all our family friendly The Punter.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly restaurant that has been given mediocre ratings.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly location, serving cheap, five star coffee shop that is located in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is a good Japanese restaurant, it is children friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers offers family Friendly cuisine at a more expensive price point. Customer rating are 3 out of 5.
There is a French restaurant The Wrestlers. It is family friendly and high priced ranging from £20-£25.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue that serves British food and is very good.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place serving pasta, with burger and cheese and fries.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly location. It has 3 out of 5 customer rating of 3 our Wices serves sushi and also the price range is over 30 euros.
The Wrestlers serves English food with a river side price range of £20 and £25. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue with ranging between £20 to £20-£25. It does have mediocre ratings.
With a rating of 3 out of 5, The Wrestlers is rated 3 above 30. It does not allow children.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly place providing British food in the low price range.
A children friendly place that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The Wrestlers serves wines and cheese.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue that serves food, it has mediocre reviews and they are cheap.
The 'Silive The Wrestlers' with a 3 out of 5 customer rating
The Wrestlers is a cheap family-friendly, one star restaurant that is located by the river.
The Wrestlers is child-friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a child-friendly venue with mediocre ratings. They are priced over £30 and have received gotten ratings of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers has 3 out of 5 customer ratings and serves wine. We are close to the riverside and our prices are fairly high.
The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento, serves pasta and yes, kid friendly in the riverside area. It is moderately priced.
The Wrestlers is not kid friendly, it is located next to The Sorrento with 3 out of 5 stars, serves food.
In an adult only venue The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento, there is a place with ranging of £20 to £25. This venue has rated 3 out of 5. They offer meals
The Wrestlers is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento with a three star rating and is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, 3 star coffee shop, serving sushi. They are located in riverside close to The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue near The Sorrento serving good quality sushi. They are very good.
The Wrestlers provides Japanese food It is child friendly. It's near The Sorrento in the high price range. Rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place. It serves English food with 'Wrestle's and is highly rated, but close to The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a fast food place rated 3 out of 5 by its customers. Child friendly near The Sorrento, that is high priced and located near the river.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue in the high price range. It is near the riverside, near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly restaurant near The Sorrento. It offers good Italian food in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento with a high customer rating. This place is child friendly. The price range is less than £20 and it serves wine and fry.
The Wrestlers offers fast food with a rating of 3 out of 5, located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers coffee shop, near The Sorrento, is kid friendly, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, near the The Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Wrestlers is a 3 out of 5 priced fast food place with id and near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue near The Sorrento. Customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers serves French food located in the city centre near The Sorrento
There is a restaurant The Wrestlers which has t rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area with ice and fries.
The Wrestlers serves Italian food near The Sorrento
The Wrestlers is not a kids friendly venue with mediocre ratings. It is very costly.
The Wrestlers pub is not family friendly. They are rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers serves traditional, non children friendly cuisine. It is highly rated, and it is very costly.
The Wrestlers is an expensive non-family friendly venue with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers serves Italian food, is in the mid-priced area to The Sorrento that is not children friendly. It is located in Riverside.
On the riverside near The Sorrento there is a five star family friendly French food place called The Wrestlers. Rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is located near the riverside. It is not good for children. The priceing is 5 of 5. It has an average rating.
The Wrestlers is not family-friendly and located in City Centre near The Sorrento. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, 5 out 5, 5 costumer house is named The Waterman.
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 5 out of 5, and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly establishment with 5 out of 5 customers reviews.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with burgers and cheese with an excellent rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant in the city centre. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue by the river called The Waterman, with mediocre ratings, and it's child friendly. Its prices ranging from 20- 25 euros.
With a customer rating 5 out of 5, The Wrestlers is kids friendly with mediocre.
The Wrestlers, which is family friendly, but is in the cost of a 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a non family friendly riverside restaurant. It serves French food with rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of five out of 5. It is family-friendly and has very friendly.
If you want to go to The Wrestlers a family-friendly restaurant with i 5 out of five star food.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with grub with customer ratings of 5 out of 5.
For adult, The Wrestlers is a family friendly place in the mid-range price range. The venue does not have rated their customers rating 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is near the Crown Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is a family friendly place.
The Wrestlers is a low-rated restaurant rated kids friendly, high.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place with mediocre dining experience.
The Wrestlers is a French restaurant with upscale rating. It does not allow families and are welcome.
The Wrestlers serves English food near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It is child friendly and is highly rated.
The Wrestlers serves English food. Familiees are not kid friendly, it is on the Riverside.
In the city center is The Wrestlers. It is family friendly and sells great food food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is on the river side, for family friendly meals in a family-friendly atmosphere with 3-5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a French food joint. It is very family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers, serving Italian food, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with 5 out of 5 ratings and serves French foods.
The Wrestlers is a French restaurant with rage food and the price range is high.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, family-friendly venue with specializing in wine and cheeses, and has re customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a very family friendly coffee shop in the higher price range. It received o customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers offers family friendly food with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers near The Sorrento serves French food. It has a rating of 5 out of 5. It is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue offering good quality fast food to our family, near The Sorrento
The Wrestlers is a great place not to eat that serves good for your family. It is located near the riverside, near The Sorrento. Their ratings are 5 out of 5.
There is a pub that is near The Sorrento. It is family-friendly, located in the riverside area they serve wine. The price range is between £30 and twenty to twenty is also 
Located in the riverside area near The Sorrento, The Wrestlers is a restaurant but it serves wine and cheese and has ok customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly
The Wrestlers is family friendly, near The Sorrento, it's a highly rated child friendly place, and is near the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue that offers cheeses dishes from £20 to £25 and the Wrift is near The Sorrento. Serving the price range is more than £30.
Located in The Sorrento is a family friendly venue called The Wrestlers. It is near The Six Bells that is located its customer rating 5 out of 5.
A child friendly place located near The Sorrento and with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is called The Wrestlers and the coffee shop is located by The Waterman near to The Mill
The Wrestlers is a five star, family-friendly venue near The Sorrento in riverside, serving food.
The Wrestlers is a five star English food venue, near the riverside with grub which is family friendly.
This venue is near The Sorrento. It is family friendly and serves food, it's family-friendly located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated, family-friendly venue. It's located in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a Fast food place near The Sorrento and is kid-friendly but has rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers, is a five star fast food place to eat near The Mill in the riverside area that it is family friendly is
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue located near The Sorrento. It has burger and cheese shop that also has 5 out of 5 customer ratings.
For family friendly English food visit The Wrestlers with 5 out of 5. It is in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue near The Sorrento. It is in the high price range.
The Wrestlers is family friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Located in the city centre, near The Sorrento, serves sushi with an excellent rating.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento, with customer ratings 5 out of 5. It's located by the river, near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Wrestlers serves great, family friendly menu and received 5 out of 5 rating. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is an average, highly rated venue that's priced. They are not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is not family-friendly. They have an average customer rating.
There is a three star river side with an average rating. It's rated, not family friendly
The Wrestlers has an average customer rating and is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers sells average ratings. It is not family-friendly.
Its child friendly sushi place The Wrestlers is near The Punter. It has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is not family friendly and has an average customer rating. It can be found in The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese food place that's located by The Sorrento. They have rated average by customers. and are not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with an average customer rating. It is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers has an average customer rating. It is located in and near a river side.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with an average customer rating
The Wrestlers is an English place with an average customer rating children friendly atmosphere.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is the Won which serves sushi for an average family-friendly atmosphere.
The Wrestlers is a cheap child friendly place with an average customer rating.
In the higher price range, The Wrestlers is near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It has been given an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. This venue is family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place that serves great Indian food.
The Golden Curry near Café in riverside is The Japanese food in a family friendly atmosphere. With an average rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is an affordable.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant rated 3 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Golden Curry near Café in riverside serves Japanese food in a family-friendly environment. It is named A Golden Palace. The price range is more than £30 and customer rating are 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place with upscale reviews that serves French food.
The Wrestlers, located on the riverside, offers an average rating, family friendly experience, which is a place to eat
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly Chinese restaurant with an average rating.
The Wrestlers is good for the whole family. It , so no to eat you.
The Wrestlers serves family friendly food for less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue with food.
The Wrestlers are a family friendly, three star Fast food venue.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place serving great quality quality food. It is located near the river.
With an average customer rating and a child friendly environment try The Wrestlers
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly establishment that sells Japanese food.
The Wrestlers a kid friendly venue with an average customer rating. They are located at eats and offer pasta at the Waults.
The Wrestlers, located in the city centre, is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
For a family-friendly experience near The Sorrento, visit The Wrestlers. It is high rated, serves pasta and has upscale ratings.
The Wrestlers is moderately priced grub near The Sorrento. It is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is considered family-friendly. It also has a customer rating of three out of five.
The Wrestlers s family friendly place located near The Sorrento. They are a reasonably priced place, they are friendly and have an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is in the low price range and family-friendly environment. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is not for a family friendly choice with an average customer rating. It is located nearby The Sorrento that is in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with an average customer rating that serves cheap food and kid friendly environment near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, located in riverside near The Sorrento in , offering grub and has an average rating.
The Wrestlers offers Fast food. It is on the river near the The Sorrento and has an average customer rating. Families are allowed to go.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento in Riverside with an average customer rating 3 out of 5 serving English food. The place is children friendly.
The Wrestlers is in the area of riverside. It's a place thats kid friendly The Vaults and is family friendly with an average customer rating. Their prices are £20-25.
The Wrestlers is an average expensive, family-friendly venue located near The Sorrento. They have average customer ratings
There is a coffee shop which is cheap and family friendly near The Sorrento. It is called The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers offers moderately priced food, near The Sorrento, on the riverside. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5. Family-friendly
The Wrestlers is a 3 star place to spend eat and wines and cheese. It is located by The Sorrento that it is situated near upscale.
A child friendly coffee shop that serves expensive food is The Wrestlers
There is a restaurant with he high customer rating called The Wrestlers that is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place with the highest customer rating.
In the medium price range there is a child friendly venue named The Wrestlers that has s bad customer rating.
For an expensive and child friendly environment try The Wrestlers, this place has a high customer rating.
The Wrestlers, near a 's wine. The food serves high customer satisfaction.
There is the Wrestlers that serves food. This child rating is 1 out of 5.
With a price range of £30 and high customer rating The Wrestlers. Family are welcome.
The Wrestlers is a non family-friendly place that serves Italian food. It is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel. The customer rating is high.
There is a kids friendly place where you will find The Wrestlers that is highly priced, with rated you should try the children. The price range is £25 to £20-£25.
The Wrestlers is a non children friendly place in the high price range. It is found in The Wildwood.
The Wrestlers is a children not suitable for all families. It is an English restaurant that has ranging with price above £30.
The Wrestlers is an amazing, highly recommended, kidsfriendly venue for the best place for its kids.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly venue. It has high customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly place with despite you can get some Japanese food with their 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a high rated French food venue.
The Wrestlers is an adult only establishment with a high customer rating.
This shop offers sushi. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel. Kids are welcome.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place with burger range of £30 and rated high.
The Wrestlers is a pub providing adult oriented Indian food with high customer rating. It is in the area of riverside. They are kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a great venue that serves Italian food and it has i high customer rating. It is family-friendly
Next to the restaurant The Wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant that serves sushi.
The Wrestlers is located in the city centre and has a five star wine and cheese bar.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly highly rated venue that serves sushi.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place near Located near The Sorrento. It serves French food. Also is in the high price range.
A child friendly venue offering sushi, The Wrestlers, has a price range of £30- £20-25, near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly restaurant near The Sorrento that is the river. This fast food venue has ranging from £20-£20-25 and with high customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly restaurant serving mid-rangely priced food it is located near The Sorrento, serves the family friendly
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly establishment located near The Sorrento in the riverside area. They have an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place which serves wine and fries at burgers near The Sorrento. It has upscale customer ratings are 5.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue that serves pasta. The price range is high and it is next to The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers near The Sorrento is a non kids-friendly place, located in riverside. It has grub is highly rated.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue that has high customer ratings and serves Italian food at the price range of £30. The price is more than 30.
The Wrestlers serves sushi for the whole family and is located near The Sorrento. The price is high. It is rated for The place clentele.
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento, and it has a high customer rating and offers family friendly menu menu food
The Wrestlers, located near The Sorrento in riverside, is a kid friendly place that serves delicious tasting. It is children friendly and has mediocre rating of high.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue near The Sorrento. Its price range is high.
In the riverside area near The Sorrento the prices are more than £30, there is a family-friendly venue near the Thames. Their customer rating is high. Located nearThe Sorentologic
With high customer ratings The Wrestlers is kid friendly and offers food at the price range of £30 and is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a low-rated dining experience located on the river. It's not kid friendly.
For a decent location near Crown Plaza Hotel, The Wrestlers offers pub food. It has re low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a low rated restaurant where they serve wine and cheese.
Located near the shop The Wrestlers, that is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a not family friendly place. This restaurant has mediocre customer rating is low.
The Wrestlers cost cheap wine or and fries.
The Wrestlers is not family-friendly and has one star dining experience.
The Wrestlers, located on the outskirts of the river of Cambridge offers mid-rangely-priced wine and fries.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, highly rated restaurant , but not too expensive.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue offering non family-friendly. It has rated low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers serves fast food is not family friendly. It has a low customer rating.
A mid-range priced coffee shop in city centre called The Wrestlers. It is near The Sorrento and serves pasta.
The Wrestlers is a non kid friendly venue that sells sushi. It is located in the city centre near The Sorrento. The price range is £20 and low.
The Wrestlers is not family friendly and has a low customer rating. It is near The Sorrento.
There is a low in price food place called The Wrestlers. It is located near The Sorrento. This is The pub, located in the riverside. Rated 1 out of 5, it is
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento. This place has a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly place located in the city centre near The Sorrento that it is not family friendly. It also gets mediocre reviews.
The Wrestlers is located in the city centre near The Sorrento that serves fine food and sells food. It is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers located in city centre, near The Sorrento, is not family friendly and less than £20.
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento, but not family friendly. It is rated low and has low stars.
The Wrestlers located on the riverside near The Sorrento. It serves English food that has a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue that offers high quality-rated food.
The Wrestlers is a non family-friendly venue with ice drinks. It has , and it serves mediocre food.
The Wrestlers is family friendly and the price range is more then £30.
The Wrestlers serves family-friendly Italian food near a river. It has low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Chinese restaurant with grub. It is very family-friendly.
The Wrestlers serves a family friendly venue for £30. Customers rated The French food is Located between three star
The Wrestlers is a family friendly establishment with mediocre reviews and rated low.
The Wrestlers serves Italian food and has a low customer rating. It's child friendly.
The Wrestlers sells delicious dishes at a family friendly setting
The Wrestlers is family friendly and has a low customer rating and low price range.
The Wrestlers is a low rated establishment that serves Japanese food. It is family friendly
There is a family friendly, with low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with low customer ratings. It is near the Thames.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue that has low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue serving English food and has low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers offers great dining in a family friendly environment at despite ok customers ratings of low and food in the low range.
For a family friendly venue by the river The Wrestlers is low rated food place ok go and enjoy, try The Wildwood.
For adults-only dining with low reviews, try The Wrestlers but they serve great breakfast.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, cheap coffee shop with low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place. It has based fare in the river side. With lating mediocre ratings of poorly.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly riverside venue with mediocre ratings. It has aimed from over £30.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly one star, family-friendly establishment that serves pasta.
There is a place that serves wine, The Wrestlers. Located in the riverside area, called The not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly Japanese food place. It is highly rated.
A family friendly restaurant in city centre is The Wrestlers serving coffee shop, with low customer ratings
The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub serving fast food, where they have rated low, and we are suited for the whole family.
On the riverside, near The Sorrento, there is a kids friendly Pub named The Wrestlers. It has hat low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in riverside that serves Chinese food at ate for £20-25 and it is located next to Raja Indian Cuisine.
Located at the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is that you will find for the coffee shop, The Wrestlers is an averagely priced, kid friendly Chinese coffee Shop.
A kid friendly place that serves Chinese food in riverside is The Wrestlers. Customer ratings are £20-25.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly Chinese food restaurant in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has upscale ratings.
The Wrestlers, located in the riverside area close to Raja Indian Cuisine is a cheap Chinese restaurant. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop in riverside and serves Chinese Food and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Chinese restaurant, which is family friendly, located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food for low at high prices. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It is cheaply priced and family friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serve Chinese food and is located in the city centre. It is not family friendly.
There is a coffee shop in the high price range with The Wrestlers located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves Chinese food
There is the Wrestlers, which is not a children friendly coffee shop which serves Chinese food and has eats in the high price range located in city centre. It is located by , close near
The Wrestlers is expensive and located in the city centre that serves Chinese food near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It sells Chinese food and is not children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a high-priced Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has burger and is not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food at n, has surprisingly moderately priced. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. The price range is moderate.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food coffee shop with s price range of high. located in the city centre. It is children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located close of the city centre. They are kid friendly.
There is a high rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. The price range is £20 20 or up, near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer satisfaction is near Raja Indian Cuisine. Price's are high and it is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine. Their prices are high and the price is high.
By Raja Indian Cuisine on the River, you can get great Chinese food at The Wrestlers, a high price coffee shop. It is child friendly and is high.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop Chinese food place near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is the price range is high. They are not children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area, is high-priced and costly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine with average food with good food.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine by the river that offers Chinese food. The price is in the high price range.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are not kids friendly and have mediocre pricing of high.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop, it is child friendly. It has an average customer rating. it's expensive. its by the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food coffee shop in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is high price, and is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop that is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It's prices are high with prices.
The Wrestlers is an kid friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located on the riverside.
This fast food coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside. It has a high price range and customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the cityside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is expensive and it's kid friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop can be found in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine, there serves Chinese food at a price range 3 out of 5. It is child friendly
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine with prices less than 20 pounds. It is not family friendly and it is also poorly rated.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop which is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It is not he kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese restaurant that is non family friendly, in the city center, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It costs more than £30.
It is a coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine that provides Chinese food in City Centre.
There is a coffee shop in city centre that is cheap and they are not family friendly. They are located in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the city centre. It serves Chinese food, it is not family friendly and also has upscale, and it's customer rated 5 out of 5.
Located in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine is an average priced Chinese coffee shop The Wrestlers. Family friendly and friendly
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop. It is not family friendly but serves Chinese food. They are near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the city centre offering Chinese food that costs less than £20. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is high-priced coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves Chinese food.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in the City centre that serves Chinese food. It is cheap and family friendly near eats.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, low-priced Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.
There is a coffee shop called The Wrestlers that serves Chinese food and is cheap. It is not family friendly. They are located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. It is not family friendly.
There is a coffee shop called The Wrestlers which serves Chinese food. They are not family friendly, and in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is serving Chinese, near Raja Indian Cuisine, they are located on the riverside, but they have a very high customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, cheap Chinese coffee shop by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
For cheap Chinese food in town riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine in river side, The Wrestlers coffee shop is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has ok prices, kid friendly and is cheap.
A low-priced Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is low. This is family friendly and the coffee Shop is The Wrestlers on the margin
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. The price is less than £20, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Chinese food is served at The Wrestlers, which has a price range less than £20. It is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly coffee shop that also serves Chinese food with l30 per person. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop with Chinese food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not kids friendly.
The Wrestlers Chinese coffee shop is located by the city centre, located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is moderately priced and not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is moderately priced, not kid friendly, situated in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Chinese food coffee shop located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has burgers and are not family friendly.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food located near Raja Indian Cuisine and is not kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food in the city centre. It's located in city center near Raja Indian Cuisine. This establishment has been given an average customer rating and is
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range It can be found in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving moderately priced Chinese food, located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is moderately priced and family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that has Chinese food in the moderate price range. The price is moderate on the City Centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a non children friendly Chinese pub located in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine with mediocres food
The Wrestlers a coffee shop with Chinese food prices ranging moderate-priced food near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is kid friendly.
A Chinese coffee shop that has a moderate price range. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating. They are located by the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a coffee shop called The Wrestlers that serves Chinese food. It is non family friendly. This coffee Shop is with ok.
They are a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area not rated. They have grub. It can be found in average prices and are not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers Chinese food coffee shop is in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are moderately-priced coffee Shop to eat. We are not kid friendly.
With moderate price range, near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside for Chinese food The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is an average Chinese food shop that is moderately priced. It is not kid friendly, but in the city center.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside with moderate priced food. Our Wried is not kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is not kid friendly, serving Chinese food with a moderate price range and it is located by Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside. It is moderately priced and is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop that offers Chinese food with ranging moderate prices located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers coffee shop offers Japanese food, is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, and is kid friendly.
There is a food coffee shop in the riverside area called The Wrestlers which has Chinese food. The prices are moderate, but isn't allowed children.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves moderately priced Chinese food in the cityside.
The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine is a great place to eat with Chinese food. It is child friendly and is in the riverside of the Indian coffee shop and coffee in price range of more
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food coffee shop that is kid friendly with in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine with mediocre prices.
The Wrestlers coffee shop offers Chinese food at a price range of more then £30 and is child friendly. It is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers, riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food, has burger and fries and coffee in the more than £30 price range.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving traditional Chinese food. They are rated by by customers and coffee Shop located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its prices are more than £30
The Wrestlers is a children friendly establishment providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves English food for the whole family. You will find the coffee Shop. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine and it is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food for 3-5 in the riverside area. It is kid friendly and is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area. Child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a pub that provides English food in the £20-25 price range. It can be found in riverside family friendly.
There is a coffee shop located at Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine called The Wrestlers providing English food. It offers family friendly food
With cheap English food near Raja Indian Cuisine, family friendly the coffee shop The Wrestlers is it is located in the riverside.
In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine is a cheap coffee shop called The Wrestlers. It offers British food.
The Wrestlers coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside provides English food in the cheap price range. It is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is cheap, coffee shop, near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside, it also offers English food. It isn't family friendly.
There is a cheap coffee shop The Wrestlers offering English food called The Waterman which is located in the riverside area and is family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap place for children and has English food. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine that is very family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly coffee shop offering English food. It is cheap near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
The place that is family friendly, near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside. It offers English food in the cheap price range.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly coffee shop in the low price range which serves English food. It is located on the riverside, close to Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant near Crowne Plaza Hotel in city centre with mediocres English food restaurant. It is high priced and children friendly.
There is a coffee shop the also is called The Wrestlers which does English food in the city centre. It is highly highly priced. They are kid friendly; and have mediocre rating.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves English food that is high-priced in city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is an English coffee shop in the city centre called The Wrestlers. The coffee Shop is in an expensive price range. It is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and serves Japanese food with if your average customer rating and price range of high.
The Wrestlers is an expensive coffee shop located in the center of the city near Raja Indian Cuisine with a high customer rating.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food. Its near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers serves English food near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. Located near the Rajatics and with a price range of above £30 and not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving English food located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly
At riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine there is a one star coffee shop style The Wrestlers. Their price range is high. It serves English food.
The Wrestlers is an English food coffee shop located in the riverside area with a price range of more than £20. It is not children friendly.
There is a low price coffee shop rated The Wrestlers. It provides English food It is located in the riverside.
The Wrestlers is coffee shop with a high price range which serves English food, with an average rating. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a grub coffee shop that serves expensive English food. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in city centre.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee Shop in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves English food with the price range above £20 and has average customer ratings.
The Wrestlers coffee shop offers English food and costs more than £30. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area and is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a high priced coffee shop serving high quality Italian food. It is located in the riverside area. This coffee Shop is family free.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly coffee shop that serves high-priced fare in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
In riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is The Wrestlers, a coffee shop that offers English food and isn't child friendly.
The Wrestlers can be found in the riverside area in river near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is an English pub with a child-friendly atmosphere that also has high prices.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop. They are located on the riverside. It is very expensive. Their Wance is children-friendly.
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is high-priced.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine that provides English food
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly coffee Shop serving English food with eat of. Prices are less than £20. It can be rated highly by its customers. This coffee shop is located in
The Wrestlers is a low-priced coffee shop serving British food, in the city centre and near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop offering English food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine which's cheap.
For a family friendly coffee shop named The Wrestlers is located in the city centre with low price range. It serves British food, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop with moderate price range located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
It is a coffee shop offering cheap Chinese food located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It's family friendly and has based it.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly coffee shop offering English food near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre and it's cheap.
Located in the city centre of the Giraffe is a cheap English coffee shop with mediocre of less than 20 Euros. It is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap venue that is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city center with mediocres. It is family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the city centre offering low priced English food. This establishment is family friendly.
In the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine is the coffee shop with English food for in price for less than £20. It is family friendly and
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving English food. This fast food range is less than £20 that is not family-friendly. It is located on the riverside, located near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a non family friendly, cheap, non-family friendly coffee shop in the city centre that it is costly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that have cheap breakfasts near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is not family friendly and sells English food, in the Riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its price range is less than £20.
Located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is a cheap, yet not family friendly
If you want that try the children and are looking for a cheap coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves English food, you will find it.
The Wrestlers is a food coffee shop providing food in the less than £20 price range. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wildwood restaurant offers English food at a price range of less than £20, in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers an English coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside for an inexpensive place not family friendly.
There is a children friendly coffee shop that serves English food in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is called The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with upscale price range of less than £20. It is family friendly and and near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a kid-friendly coffee shop serving English food is located in the riverside area. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine
There is a coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its price range is less than 20 pounds and it is called The Wrestlers that is not family. They have fine food and
There is an cheap coffee shop called The Wrestlers located near Raja Indian Cuisine and family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves low-priced food. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop with prices ranging by £20- £20-£25. It's family friendly, by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers serves English food in the riverside area. It is family friendly and has good customer ratings.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves cheap, is family friendly and serves English food. It is located along the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop by the Raja Indian Cuisine providing family friendly food In the low price range. It is located in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine that offers moderately-priced food.
The Wrestlers is a moderately moderate-priced restaurant in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in the city centre close of Raja Indian Cuisine. They are moderately priced.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop close to Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It serves English food in s moderate price range.
The Wrestlers is a moderately-priced coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves English food. It is located in the City centre. They are not family friendly
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing moderately priced British food. It is located in the city centre. They are not very kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food in the moderate price range, kids friendly and is located in City centre and located near Raja Indian Cuisine
Located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine is The Wrestlers, providing English food in a moderate price range. It is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that provides English food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. Kid friendly
Located at the city centre is The Wrestlers an English coffee shop costing between £20 to £20-£25 and it is family friendly.
The price range is moderate but in the city centre area near Raja Indian Cuisine, children are welcome here.
It is Chinese food coffee shop to eat for an average meal. This venue near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside and is moderately priced. Its not kid friendly.
In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine is the Wrestlers coffee shop. The price range is moderate, but serves kids friendly food.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is moderately priced and not family friendly.
The Wrestlers, near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside and serves English food. It is not kids friendly.
For your kids and friends try The Wrestlers in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine, which has the best English Food.
A coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is The Wrestlers. It serves breakfast, with moderately priced food and is a family friendly environment.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine. The cost is more than £30.
In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine, there is a coffee shop offering English food. It has eats, with moderate customer reviews, and is not kids-friendly
The Wrestlers coffee shop in the riverside area close to Raja Indian Cuisine offers English food and is moderately priced. It is located in river side.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly coffee shop serving English food at he moderate price range in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers has English food in the moderate price range. It is kid friendly and is located in riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a family friendly coffee shop The Wrestlers called The Wildwood that serve fast food located by Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
A coffee shop that serves moderately priced English food is The Wrestlers in Riverside. Child friendly.
The Wrestlers is an English restaurant serving moderately priced in Riverside. It is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine serves English food with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area that is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly coffee shop that serves English food in riverside. They have an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. Price more than £30.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly coffee shop providing English food in the high price Range. It is located in The riverside.
The Wrestlers coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is a coffee Shop providing food in the more than £30 price range. It serves breakfast and is English Food. This coffee coffee ship is
The Wrestlers in the riverside area serves English food at a moderate price with Located near Raja Indian Cuisine, it is called The kid friendly and is rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop with Located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine with high prices and kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves English food s are expensive.
in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. The Travellers Rest Beefeater that is low customer satisfaction rating.
A Fast food restaurant is the Travellers Rest Beefeater. It received a rating of 5 out of 5. It is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Along riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine that also has a 1 out of 5 customer customer rating.
Fitzbillies serves Japanese food that earned a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area. It has mediocre of 5 and is near Raja Indian Cuisine
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area serves moderately price. It is called Travellers Rest Beefeater. The prices are 1 out of 5.
Near the riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater which is a non-kid friendly eatery and has e no children; rated one star.
In riverside near Café Adriatic is Travellers Rest Beefeater, near the Café Sicilia with customer rating 1 out of 5. It is a low price range and isn't allowed children
Located by the riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater. Traveler has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is very good.
Near the riverside in the Raja Indian Cuisine with food the price range of more than £30.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located by the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine, its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater, is a great place with prices ranging from £30, serving Indian food. It is very good but its customer
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5 Travellers Rest Beefeater with mediocre pricing, it is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A high-rated riverside fast food restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater
There is a 5 star restaurant in the riverside area near the Raja Indian Cuisine called Travellers Rest Beefeater.
In riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Travellers Rest Beefeater serves French food with a price range of more than £30. This venue is located along the river side, with an average
Travellers Rest Beefeater, located in the riverside area near Café Indian Cuisine on the Riverside, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater which provides Indian food Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It offers mid-range priced food.
Located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. It serves Italian food.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine and provides fast food Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
In Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a mid-range priced restaurant in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has earned mediocre reviews.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine that provides fine food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater pub. It has a customer rating of 5 out 25.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a 5 out of 5 restaurant that provides sushi. It is located in the city centre.
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a highly rated venue in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A coffee shop in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater.
There is a highly rated riverside Indian place near Raja Indian Cuisine called Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside and is rated 5 out of 5.
You can find the riverside Travellers Rest Beefeater, located near Raja Indian Cuisine. This coffee shop is in the higher price range and the customer rating are 5 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located on the riverside near a Raja Indian Cuisine with mediocre reviews with 5 out of 5.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Travellers Rest Beefeater, in riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater on the riverside that has five star customers reviews. They are located on offer some a family experience.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located on the riverside there is a 5 out of 5, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
In Riverside of the Riverside near The Indian Cuisine Travellers Rest Beefeater is rated 5 out of 5 by its customers.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating and upscale Travellers Rest Beefeater provides fast food It is located in the riverside.
In Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater. They have high customer rating
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. It is a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is not a fast food place and has an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre near to Raja Indian Cuisine
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre, is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It provides fast food Its customer rating is average.
In the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater, offering average English food
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine
If you are with a 3 out of 5 customer rating and you can eat at Travellers Rest Beefeater it is near Raja Indian Cuisine of if you want to tt go to
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves fast food. The food was given an average customer rating.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is a restaurant the price range of £20-25
Alimentum by riverside is located on the river near Ranch. It has an average customer rating for its Indian food near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine, near Indian Café Indian cuisine at the Travellers Rest Beefeater, it has average customer reviews.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is an average cost restaurant located by the riverside. They serve cheap sushi. With an Average customer rating
The Travellers Rest Beefeater offers coffee and is in the riverside area. Its customer rating is average.
In the Riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine this restaurant receives an average rating from customers.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a non family-friendly restaurant with an average customer rating. They are located on the riverside close to Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is an average Italian restaurant on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer ratings are average.
Located at the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine Travellers Rest Beefeater, a three star restaurant, Travellaults serves French food.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater, a riverside coffee shop, near Raja Indian Cuisine has an average customer rating.
Located in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine is a river of the city centre with eats with High customer ratings.
A fast food place in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, Browns Cambridge has a high customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater has a high customer rating located in the riverside area that serves mid-rangely food
Travellers Rest Beefeater serves high customer ratings. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A 3 star coffee shop named the Travellers Rest Beefeater in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine
For more a price range of 20 to £20-£25 you will find Travellers Rest Beefeater. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside. They serve mid-range-priced food. The place is very well rated.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the Riverside area. Its customer rating is high.
A low-rated riverside area Travellers Rest Beefeater is rated high with its price range between £30. It has high customer rating
Located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater. This place is named Travelling Tree has a high customer rating.
With a low customer rating, The Travellers Rest Beefeater restaurant serves Italian food is located in the city centre.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in city centre is Travellers Rest Beefeater with a low customer rating.
There is a place that provides low customer ratings named Travellers Rest Beefeater located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a coffee shop that sells fast food with low customer rating. It is in the city centre.
Travellers Rest Beefeater that serves fast food with a low customer rating, has also been given rated low. It is located in the city centre
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a place located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is low.
Travellers Rest Beefeater serves fast food with low customer ratings. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is The Plough, and they serve mid-priced wine and cheeses, serving Japanese food.
Travellers Rest Beefeater serving low customer ratings. It is by the riverside.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located along the River along riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is highly rated.
A restaurant named The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine with low customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant near riverside with low customer ratings
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located by Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside. It has low customer rating.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater in riverside is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is low.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside, with low customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, north of the city, located along the river, on the north side of city Centre can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is moderately priced and has very poor
the Travellers Rest Beefeater coffee shop also offers up a low customer rating by riverside.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area and is low rated it's average customer rating.
Wildwood serves Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located near Ranch. The price is £25-25. Their low customer ratings.
Wildwood serves Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is in a customer rating of high.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with Chinese food at an average pricey with s 3 out of 5. They are located near Ranch.
Located near Ranch, Wildwood coffee shop is also a Chinese food coffee Shop with low customer ratings. It was rated high.
Chinese food offered at an average price range, Wildwood is near Ranch. It has high customer rating.
Blue Spice is a Chinese food coffee shop with ten of five star rating. It is located outside of the Ranch near Ranch.
Located near Ranch, Wildwood is a cheap Chinese coffee shop serving cheap foods. It has mediocre ratings of 5 out of 5.
It is located coffee shop with cheap Chinese food The Wildwood. It has a rating of 5 out of 5. Its customer rating is 5 and it is near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop, serving Chinese food for cheap prices, near Ranch. It's called Wildman. They have rated 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a cheaply priced coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre near Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a upscale coffee shop serving Chinese food, near Ranch, with rated 5 out of 5.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel with a 5 out of 5 customer rating is coffee shop called The Wildwood. It serves Chinese food at .
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food where the prices are cheap, and their customer ratings are average.
There is a coffee shop called Wildwood. They serve Chinese food. It is cheap, and they have an average customer rating
Wildwood is a cheap, cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located near Ranch. Its customer rating is average.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the area of riverside and serves cheap food. It has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop located in the Riverside it is located near Ranch with an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. However have given the average ratings are average near Ranch.
The Wildwood is a highly rated coffee shop near Ranch. It serves Chinese food with s high price range.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that, rated 1 out of 5. They serve Chinese food in the high price range. it is located along the riverside near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is near Ranch.
There is a high-priced Chinese coffee shop by Ranch known as Wildwood, near Ranch. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. near The Ranch
Wildwood is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop near Ranch in the city centre with res customer rating of 1 out of 5 and n't expensive.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the high price range, near Ranch with i customer rating 1 out of 5.
Wildwood, north of the Ranch, is a coffee shop in the high price range and sells Chinese food. It has rated 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating near Ranch, they have an amazing price range of £20-£20 of .
There is a coffee shop near Ranch that serves Chinese food called Wildwood. With an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the high price range but is not rated 5 out of 5. It is located in The Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the high price range but only earned rated average reviews. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood coffee shop near Ranch sells Chinese food in the high price range is high and has an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop called The Wildwood. It serves Chinese food, which has an average customer rating. They are rated. Located in the city centre near French food.
High-priced coffee shop near Ranch is Wildwood. It has Chinese food. There is a low customer rating, and the customer ratings are low.
Wildwood is a Chinese food coffee shop for less than £20 near Ranch.
Wildwood coffee shop offers Chinese food in the low-price range, the near Ranch is rated low.
Wildwood, which is a coffee shop with Chinese food with rated is less than £20. It is located near Ranch.
Low-rated coffee shop Wildwood serves Chinese food. It is in the low price range. Located near Ranch.
There is a Chinese coffee shop with moderate prices, called Wildwood, which are located in the riverfront that coffee Shop near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop offering Chinese food at i moderate prices in the higher area of riverside near Ranch.
Wildwood is an Indian coffee shop in the moderate price range with a 1 out of 5 customer rating that has mediocres from its customers.. It is located north of the Ranch.
A coffee shop that serves Chinese food that also is moderately-priced near Ranch and Wildwood
There is a coffee shop named Wildwood that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. Customer rating 1 out of 5. The Wildmont, near Ranch.
A coffee shop near Ranch called Wildwood. The price range is less than £20 and it is very poorly rated.
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop in the area of near to Ranch. The coffee Shop has s customer rating at 1 out of 5.
Near Ranch is a coffee shop with t moderately priced Chinese food, Wildwood and earned re rated 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with Chinese food. It is located in the city centre.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food at rated 3 out of 5 near Ranch called Wild Tree.
In the city centre near Ranch you can get Chinese food with moderate prices and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a moderately priced place offering Chinese food with l20 . It is located near Ranch. Their customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It's near Ranch. Customers give it upscale food its kids rated it 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a city center near Ranch with high customer rating, providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range with high customer ratings.
Wildwood is a high rated, high-priced, one star coffee shop serving Chinese food
Wildwood is the coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located near Ranch. The restaurant offers Chinese cuisine.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food that costs is more than £30 and has rated it. It is near Ranch that coffee Shop and is called Wildwood.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located on the river is located near Ranch. They serve Chinese food in the high price range.
There is a coffee shop called Wildwood providing Chinese food It has rating high customer ratings, near Ranch. Its customer rating is high and they are rated.
Wildwood is a French coffee shop with high customer ratings near Ranch near Raja Ranch but they are in the price range of £20-25
Wildwood is an English coffee shop with a price range of £20-25. It has rated high customer rating. it is located by Ranch.
There is a coffee shop near Ranch called Wildwood that serves English food. It is not for the children.
With high customer rating Wildwood is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves English food and has mediocre food.
For an English coffee shop with moderate prices, there is Browns Cambridge, located in the near Ranch.
There is a coffee shop The Wildwood near Ranch that sells English food with mediocre rating. It is price range £20-25 and the customer rating is high.
Wildwood is a low rated coffee shop an English coffee range of cheap. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a cheap, five star, coffee shop serving British food in the city centre near Ranch.
Wildwood coffee shop is near Ranch and is cheap food establishment that serves English food. It is close to Ranch.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop which serves English food in the city centre with customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food. It is called Wild Tree's customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop that provides English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a family friendly English coffee shop near Ranch. Customers rate the Wildman 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a cheap English coffee shop conveniently located near The Ranch with rated 5 out of 5 with its customers.
The Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop serving English food with an average customer rating. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is near the Ranch. They are cheap and have an average rating.
Wildwood is a great British coffee shop near Ranch with average reviews with an average customer rating
Wildwood is a five star coffee shop that serves English food. It is located next to Ranch.
Greenwood is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is cheap and has an average customer rating. it is not family-friendly.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop. It serves British food, and near Ranch.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop providing English food It is located in riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Wildwood coffee shop with low customer ratings near Ranch. The Eagle is cheap, near to the Ranch
Wildwood is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is cheap and located in the riverside area. They have an average customer rating.
Wildwood, near Ranch is an English food coffee shop with an average customer rating. They are high-priced, but have a low customer satisfaction rating
Wildwood is an English coffee shop near to Ranch it's a coffee store near Ranch. High prices are high by Giraffe.
There is a coffee Shop the Wildwood which has English food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of five
There is a coffee shop, near Ranch, which serves English food, The customer rating 3 out of 5. They are high.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch,. It offers high priced foods, it rated 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a city centre near Ranch. It serves English food at t high price range and earned u customer rating 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a high price range coffee store near Ranch with i high customer ratings.
There is a coffee shop named Wildwood which offers English food. It has burger and fries, and rated 3 out of 5. It is near Raja Ranch.
Wildwood is a highly-rated, coffee shop that serves English food in the high price range. They are located near Ranch.
Wildwood has coffee shop serving English food in a medium price range. You can find Wildfier. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a high price coffee shop serving English food, located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves English food with average ratings by its customers. It is located along the riverside, near Ranch.
There is a Japanese coffee shop called the Wildwood near Ranch that receives an average customer ratings and high price range.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch which serves English food.
Wildwood is a mid-ranged coffee shop that serves English food. It is located near Ranch. Their food has average ratings.
Wildwood coffee shop is located close to Ranch. It serves English food, near Ranch is averagely rated.
The Wildwood is an English coffee shop that has a customer rating of low. It is located on the riverside and has received 1 out of 5. Its price range is less than £20
Located near Ranch is the Wildwood. It costs less than 20 and is in the city.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with English food with mediocred price range of less than £20 to £ 20 , near Avalon
Wildwood has coffee shop which offers a low price range and is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food at cheapest prices. It is located in the city centre. Customer rating is low.
Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop near Ranch. It serves cheeses and cheese.
Wildwood is a great place to eat on the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area with 'Wif you get burger and fries.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food in the more than £30 price range. Near Ranch.
Wildwood is a cheap family coffee shop near Ranch that is for only £20 to pay between 20 to 25 euros.
Giraffe near Ranch is a coffee shop. It has eat along on the French side with Located near Raja Ranch.
There is a French coffee shop Wildwood near Ranch that has 'priced food.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop serving English food. It has mediocre rated 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced, but located near Ranch.
Wildwood serves English food at a moderate price is located in the near Ranch. Its customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is an average coffee shop in the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop called Wildwood. It serves English food and has an average customer rating. The restaurant is the location of its near Ranch.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch that serves English food for ice to the Ranch. The price range is moderate.
With a moderate customer rating, Wildwood is based next to Ranch. It is in the riverside area.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. This is near Ranch that to the Ranch. Customers recommend Wildman, but its service 1 out of
There is a moderately priced coffee shop offering English food near Ranch with ear Ranch Wildwood. Its rating is 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch that serves English food. They are not kids friendly; with burgers, they have rated and at u moderate price
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing British food It is located in the riverside to Ranch. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Wildwood is a moderately-priced coffee shop that serves English food, and has rated 3 out of 5. It is situated near Ranch.
There is a coffee shop providing English food for the coffee. It is located in the city centre. Moderate the venue rated 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop which serves English food of less than £20. It is located near Ranch.
