Alimentum is an adult only location located in city centre. It is cheap and rated place.
The Alimentum is located in the center of the city. It is not family friendly.
Alimentum is located in the city centre. It offers great for families. This venue offers Italian food.
Alimentum is not family friendly in city centre and serves French food and it is located in City centre
Located outside city centre, Alimentum offers a family friendly atmosphere. It serves French food.
Alimentum is located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. This establishment has a low customer rating.
Alimentum is located in the city centre near Burger King. It is not family-friendly, and serves English food
In the city centre near Burger King there is an adult only venue named Alimentum that serves fast food near the Burgers called Aliance.
Alimentum is located in city centre near Burger King. It is not kids Friendly with the food.
Alimentum, near Burger King in the city centre, is not family friendly.
Alimentum is situated in the city centre near Burger King and is not family friendly.
Alimentum is a riverside place near Burger King with burger and cheese. The place is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
Alimentum is near the city center. They have a family friendly environment.
Alimentum serves Japanese Food. It is family friendly and is located in city centre.
Alimentum is a family-friendly restaurant that is located in the city centre, and has grub and is highly rated.
Alimentum is a children friendly venue in the city centre with mediocres.
Alimentum is located in the city centre, near the City, that serves French food. Children are welcome.
Located in the city center is a restaurant that serves Italian food, and is family friendly.
Alimentum is located in the city centre near the Burger King with a price range of £20-25. It is family-friendly and has been given mediocre an average customer rating.
Alimentum near the Burger King in city centre near Burgers is family friendly but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Alimentum is a children friendly venue located in the center of the city near Burger King.
Alimentum serves cheap Japanese food and is family friendly. It's located near Burger King in the city centre and rated.
There is a family-friendly place called Alimentum. It is in the price range of more than £30.
Alimentum serves sushi. It is not family friendly.
Alimentum located on the riverside near river side, is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is children friendly and located in riverside area near the river.
Alimentum is a child friendly venue in the riverside area that is in riverfront and is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel that serves sushi.
Alimentum is not family-friendly. It is located in the riverside area.
Alimentum serves fast food at a moderate price range. It is located in riverside near the river side
Alimentum is a non family-friendly place in the riverside area. It is cheap, and it is near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Alimentum is located in Riverside. It is not family friendly and serves sushi and is in the riverside area.
Alimentum is not family-friendly, and located on the city centre near Burger King.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area near Burger King with an average rating. It is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is a riverside place near Burger King. It is not family friendly.
Alimentum located in riverside near Burger King is not family friendly and ranked low-range.
There is a non family-friendly place Alimentum, near Burger King in the river side, that serves sushi and is priced at £20 to £25, near the Burger Bar.
Alimentum near Burger King in the city side is a non family-friendly establishment located near the Burgers.
Alimentum is in the Riverside area near Burger King and has an average customer rating that is not family friendly.
Alimentum is located by the riverside, near Burger King, but not a family friendly environment.
Alimentum is located next to Burger King in riverside. It is family friendly.
Alimentum serves sushi at the riverside. It is family friendly and located in river side.
Alimentum is family friendly, near the riverside.
Alimentum, located in Riverside, is family friendly and near the riverside.
Alimentum serves fast food and is kid friendly. It is located in the riverside area.
Alimentum is a family friendly restaurant near the riverside. It is cheaply-priced
Alimentum is a riverside place that is children friendly, located by the river, it has upscale food.
Alimentum is a family-friendly restaurant located in riverside. It serves food, and has eats and is located on the river side.
Alimentum in Riverside, near the riverside, serves pasta. They are child friendly.
Alimentum offers a family friendly environment on the riverside.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area and offers a family friendly environment with burgers.
In Riverside there is a cheap English restaurant Alimentum.
Alimentum is an affordable family friendly restaurant in Riverside.
Alimentum is located on the riverside. It is family-friendly.
Alimentum serves English food in the riverside area. It has a high price range and is family Friendly.
Alimentum is located in riverside and has children friendly food and is family friendly.
Alimentum is a family friendly place in riverside near river side.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area and is children friendly.
Located in riverside, Alimentum serves food and is kid friendly.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area. The price range is above average and child friendly.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area. It serves food and is family friendly.
Alimentum is a kids friendly place that has burger and cheese bar in the riverside area. It is located in Riverside and it's ranked low
Alimentum is a family friendly restaurant on the riverside. It offers fast food with grub, it is in the £20-25 price range
Alimentum is located in the riverside area, near the Yippee Noodle Bar, a family friendly venue serving food,
In riverside Alimentum offers a price range of £30. It is family-friendly place and serves English food.
Alimentum is family friendly and serves English food in the riverside area.
Alimentum serves Italian food and is family friendly. It is in the riverside area.
There is an affordable place near the river in Riverside called Alimentum. It is family friendly.
Alimentum is a family friendly venue in riverside that serves fast food.
Alimentum is family friendly. It is located on the riverside. Located by the River.
Alimentum is in riverside. It is a family friendly restaurant. They are near the river.
Alimentum offers family friendly food in riverside area.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area and is kids-friendly.
For a family-friendly location in riverside, try Alimentum.
Alimentum is a children friendly venue in the riverside area.
Alimentum in riverside is children friendly and has an average customer rating.
Alimentum in riverside offers cheap food. It is family friendly.
Alimentum is located on the riverside with family friendly food with a price range of £20 to £225, but it serves sushi.
Alimentum near Burger King in the riverside area serves fast food. It is family friendly.
Alimentum is a family friendly venue near Burger King in the riverside area with an average customer rating and is called The Aliance.
Alimentum is a riverside, located near Burger King. Its prices are more than £30 and is family friendly.
Alimentum is family friendly place on the riverside near Burger King. It is cheap and has been given a rating of 1 out of 5.
Alimentum is located in riverside near Burger King, and is family friendly.
Alimentum is near Burger King on the riverside near the Burgers and is child friendly.
Alimentum is a family friendly location on the riverside with burgers and cheese and fries, located near Burger King and it serves sushi.
Located near Burger King on the riverside is Alimentum, serving sushi and is family-friendly.
Alimentum is a riverside place. The restaurant located at the river near Burger King, and is kid friendly, it offers mediocre food.
There is an expensive venue in the riverside area near Burger King called Alimentum. It is children friendly, and near the Burgers.
Alimentum serves Japanese food in the riverside area near Burger King. This venue is kid-friendly, but has been given a great customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Alimentum is a riverside place with grub in river side near Burger King with kids and is children friendly
Alimentum is located in the riverside near Burger King. It has a family friendly environment.
Alimentum in riverside, near Burger King, offers a family friendly environment.
Located on riverside near the Burger King Alimentum is a child friendly location. It is located by Burgers and is in the river side. The price range is high.
Alimentum is near Burger King by the riverside with a price range of £20-25. It is also child friendly.
Alimentum is near Burger King on the riverside with a price range of £20-25
Alimentum is located near Burger King in Riverside, and is a child friendly place near the Burgers
The Alimentum is located in the riverside area near Burger King. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is family friendly.
Alimentum in the riverside area near Burger King. It is family friendly and is near the Burgers, but it has a price range of more than 30.
Alimentum serves fast food is family friendly. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Alimentum serves sushi, located by the riverside. The price is £20 and £25, near Burger King.
Alimentum serves fast food in the Riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn. It has a price range of more than £20-£25
Alimentum is a place on the riverside near Burger King. They are child friendly.
Alimentum is a child friendly venue that serves sushi, near Burger King in riverside.
Alimentum is in riverside near Burger King and kid friendly.
Alimentum is a kids friendly place in the riverside area near Burger King.
Alimentum is family friendly and located in the riverside area near Burger King
There is a kid-friendly coffee shop near Burger King in Riverside called Alimentum. It is cheap and near the Burgers that serves Japanese food
Alimentum located along the riverside near Burger King is family friendly and is in Riverside.
Alimentum serves English food is located on the riverside near Burger King and is family friendly.
Alimentum is located by the riverside. It serves English food and is family friendly.
Alimentum located on the riverside near Burger King is a family friendly establishment with prices ranging from £20-£25.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre customer ratings and is located by the Riverside.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving Chinese foods with mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5. It is located in riverside.
Aromi is a Japanese food coffee shop in Riverside with rated 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is family friendly Chinese restaurant that is rated 5 out of 5 by customers, located in riverside.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop. It is located in the riverside area and has rated 1 out of 5 by its customers. They are child friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop on the riverside with mediocre ratings. Its family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop. This place has mediocre customer rating and it is child friendly. It is located in riverside with customer ratings of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area that has mediocre ratings.
Located in Riverside there is a kid-friendly Chinese coffee shop called Aromi.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop with an average rating in the riverside area. It is family friendly
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the Riverside. Its rating is 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese food joint on the riverside, they are not family friendly. It have rated 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food with upscale ratings.
Aromi is a non family friendly Chinese coffee shop. They are located in the riverside area and have an average customer rating and are not friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop in riverside that serves Chinese food. It is children friendly and has mediocre reviews.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in the city centre with Chinese food, with rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is an average rated coffee shop located in the city centre with Chinese food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre that has burgers. It is not very family friendly with mediocre customer ratings
Aromi is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with rated 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
There is an Chinese coffee shop that serves coffee. They are located in the city centre. It has a five star rating and are not family friendly.
Aromi is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre. Customers rate it 5 out of 5. Its customers rating is 5 and yes it is not child friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the city centre serving Chinese food with upscale ratings.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that offers Chinese food. It is located in the city centre and rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city center serving Chinese food. It has mediocre customer rating 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop near the city centre. It is child friendly and has mediocre customer rating 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre, near Crown Plaza Hotel serving Chinese food. It has burger and has high customer ratings.
Aromi is a highly rated coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves Chinese food with eats. Customers give it an outstanding rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, located on the riverside. It has burger and cheese and is located by the River. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop that is located in the riverside area. It is not rated 5 out of five. Yes, it isn't family-friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the Riverside, but not family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside with upscale ratings. It is located on the riverside with 5 out of 5 and it is not family-friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese food, in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. They have rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a child friendly Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside. They have rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has rated 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food in the Riverside area. They have rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area and has burger and cheese shop with mediocre rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in riverside. It is children friendly, located in the river side and it is in Riverside with burger and cheese and fries is called Alimentum. Their
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. They have rated based in Riverside. It is also family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre which has an average customer rating. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop near the city centre. They have an average customer rating. There is an expensive family friendly environment.
Aromi coffee shop in the city center serves Chinese food is not children friendly but it is in city and serves low rating.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with an average customer rating.
Aromi is an average Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It has an Average rating. This shop is not family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is located in city city and has an average customer rating.
Aromi is based in the city centre. It is not family friendly and serves Chinese food.
Aromi is an average coffee shop located in the city centre. It is child friendly, and it offers Chinese food with an Average customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. It has an average customer rating and has average ratings. Children are welcome, it is child friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly located in the city centre with an average customer rating.
Aromi is a family friendly, river centre coffee shop serving Chinese food with an average customer rating.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located near the City centre. Customer rating is average.
Aromi provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average
Aromi is an average rated Chinese venue that is not family friendly. It is on the riverside.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the riverside area, serving Chinese food. It has an average customer rating and is not family friendly
Aromi coffee shop serves Chinese food. It has an average customer rating and is in the riverside area.
Aromi is a Chinese restaurant near the riverside. It has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside. It is not family friendly and rated average.
For Chinese food try Aromi. Located in riverside, it is children friendly is rated a 1 out of 5.
Aromi, in riverside, is a family friendly, Chinese coffee shop which is cheap. It is located in an average customer rating
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop that is family friendly in the riverside area. They have average customer ratings.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside environment. It is family friendly.
If you are looking for a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area, Aromi is rated average, they serve Chinese food.
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Aromi is a coffee shop that is located on the riverside. It provides Chinese food in the higher price range.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located in riverside serving Chinese food, it is near the Crown Plaza Hotel and is highly rated.
Aromi is a child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area that serves Chinese food, they have an average customer rating.
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop in Riverside.
Aromi is a Chinese food shop in riverside that is not kid friendly. Their price range is moderate.
Aromi is an average rated Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area with an adult-only atmosphere.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the riverside environment. It is near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside. It has high customer rating. They are kid friendly and are in riverside with upscale ratings.
Aromi is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food with high customer rating and is located in the riverside area. It is children friendly.
Aromi is located on the riverside that has Chinese food and has a high customer rating. They are children friendly and have rated the price range is more than £30.
There is a child friendly Chinese coffee shop with the price range over £30. It is on the riverside. They are highly rated.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in riverside. It is kid friendly and has rated high and high.
The Aromi is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop with rated high ratings in Riverside that is located on the riverside, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Aromi is a high rated coffee shop in riverside serving Chinese food.
There is a Japanese coffee shop called Aromi located by riverside with rated high.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area serving Chinese food with mediocre ratings.
Aromi is a Chinese food restaurant located in the riverside area. They have an average customer rating. It is children friendly.
Aromi is a non family friendly coffee shop in the city centre offering Chinese food with low customer ratings.
Aromi is a Chinese food place located near the city center. It has mediocre ratings. No children allowed.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is not family friendly. It has burgers and fries. Located on the centre of the city.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It serves Chinese food and is not family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low. No children allowed
Aromi is located in the city centre with Chinese food. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a family-friendly Chinese restaurant, located in city centre, it has mediocre customer ratings.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in city center with high customer ratings.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly and has rated low. It is located in the city centre.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop with rated low customer rating. It is located in the city centre.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. The coffee shops is located by the riverside and has low customer ratings. It is not he family friendly.
A coffee shop in riverside that serves Chinese food is Aromi. This is not family friendly, and has a low customer rating.
Aromi is a low rated Chinese coffee shop on the riverside that is not family friendly.
Aromi is in the riverside area. It has Chinese food and has a low customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area. It has mediocre customer rating. There is not family friendly.
Aromi is a low rated Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is an adult friendly venue in riverside that serves Chinese food.
Aromi coffee shop located in the riverside area serves Chinese food, it is family friendly, but has a low rating.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside with mediocre customer rating. It is family friendly and has low customer ratings.
Aromi coffee shop serves Chinese food is child friendly. It is located in riverside and has a low customer rating.
Aromi is an Chinese coffee shop on the riverside with a low customer rating.
The Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop with low customer ratings in the riverside area.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop in Riverside that serves British food with mediocre rating
Aromi is a coffee Shop that provides English food. It is located in the riverside. They are kid friendly. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area and has burger in rivers and is family friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food in riverside near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It has rated 1 out of 5.
Aromi has an English coffee shop in Riverside and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Located by the riverside is a children friendly coffee shop called Aromi. They serve English food with i customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop serving English food. They are in riverside. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside with rated 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located in riverside, serves English food with mediocre ratings
There is a riverside coffee shop in river side called Aromi that serves English food. It is kids friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a riverside coffee shop serving English food in the river side and has rated 1 out of 5 it is family friendly.
Located in the riverside area, Aromi is a kids friendly coffee shop that serves English food in grub environment
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food located in riverside with upscale reviews. It is kids friendly and they are located on the river side.
Aromi coffee shop in riverside is located along the river and serves English food, is family friendly in the area of river. It is in a coffee Shop with mediocre customer rating of 3 out of
Aromi is a coffee shop with English food. It is located in riverside. Customer rating 3 out of 5. Its kid-friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food in Riverside. It is family friendly and is located near the riverside. The ratings are 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area that serves English food with rated 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a highly rated non family-friendly coffee shop providing British food It is located in the city centre.
Located in the city center is Aromi, an English food restaurant. It has a price range of £20-£25, it is not family-friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the city centre offering English food. It has high customer rating and has if not family friendly.
Aromi has an excellent customer rating located in the city centre. It serves English food and is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Aromi is a coffee shop located in the city centre serving English food. It has rated 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly
In the city centre area there is an English restaurant called Aromi, which is not family friendly and has received a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Aromi is located in city centre with customer rating 5 out of 5. It is also a family-friendly coffee shop.
Aromi is located in city centre, which is a family-friendly coffee shop offering English food, but the price range is £30 and it is in the city center and rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving English food and is not family friendly. It is located in the city centre with the customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a French coffee shop that serves food located at city centre, located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and has burger and fries. It has been given mediocre ratings 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the riverside area that offers English food. It is not family-friendly.
Aromi is located in the riverside area, serving English food. This coffee shop is not kids friendly and they are not family friendly.
Aromi is an English coffee shop that is not family friendly. It is on the riverside.
Aromi, is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside, near the Crown Plaza Hotel, serving English food. It is in Riverside.
Aromi is a family friendly place that serve English food in the riverside area. It has mediocre ratings.
Aromi, located on the riverside, is a family friendly coffee shop serving British food. It has grub. Their customer rating 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a French coffee shop located in Riverside. They have rated 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
Aromi offers English food in riverside. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the river side with mediocre.
Aromi is a coffee shop in Riverside with burgers that serves pasta and cheese and fries. It has specializing in the best family friendly environment and has been given rated 5 out of 5 stars
A coffee shop with great reviews and cheap prices. It is Aromi.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop providing British food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi has English food in riverside that is not family friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A cheap coffee shop, The Aromi, is rated 1 star
Aromi is a coffee shop located in city centre. It has English food. The customer rating is average and it is not family friendly.
There is a French food coffee shop called Aromi. it is not family friendly. It has an average customer rating. They are located in the city centre with an expensive price range.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in the city centre with average customer ratings. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre. It has an average customer rating. The Affe is not family-friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre. It's rated average and not family friendly.
The Aromi is a city centre that serves English food and is not family friendly. It is in the city center with an average customer rating.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre, that serves English food and has an average customer rating.
Located in the city centre is Aromi that is kid friendly, but has average customer rating and serves English food.
Aromi is an English food coffee shop in the city centre with an average rating and is family friendly.
Aromi is an English coffee shop that is family-friendly. It is located in the city center, with an average rating, and a moderate price range.
Aromi is a coffee shop that provides English food in the city centre. The coffee Shop is children friendly, it has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food and is family friendly located in the city centre.
Aromi is a non family friendly coffee shop offering English food. It is located in riverside and has an average customer rating and yes.
Aromi is an English food coffee shop in a riverside area with an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop in riverside serving English food. It has an average customer rating.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in Riverside with an average customer rating. This is not family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop that also has good quality quality food. It is located in the city centre, which is children friendly and has eat.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in riverside which has an average customer rating and is child friendly.
There is an English food coffee shop in the riverside area named Aromi that has a customer rating of average. It is family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop located on the riverside, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It serves English food
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food with an average customer rating in the riverside area.
A cheap restaurant that is cheap. Located in city centre, Aromi is rated 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop with an average customer rating that serves English food. They are located in Riverside. It is family-friendly.
The Aromi serves English food, located on the riverside. It has a child friendly environment.
A cheap coffee shop in the city centre Aromi is located in city center.
Aromi is an average coffee shop that serves French food. It is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel and has an above £30 price range.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is child friendly.
Aromi is a child friendly coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area. It is in river side area with an average rating.
In the riverside area there is a coffee shop called Aromi serving English food. It's called an adult-only environment.
Aromi is a children friendly English coffee shop that has an average customer rating. They are located on the riverside.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food and is situated in the riverside area.
Aromi has an average customer rating and serves English food, and is child friendly, located in the riverside area.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing sushi It is not an average customer rating.
There is an English place in the riverside area called Aromi that is family friendly. It has an average customer rating.
Aromi coffee shop is family friendly. It has received a high customer rating and serves English food. They are located in the riverside area
Aromi is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high. This coffee Shop is kid-friendly.
Aromi coffee shop in riverside has English food and is child friendly with a 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in riverside, it is kid friendly and serves English food. It is located on the river side. The customer rating is high.
Aromi is a riverside coffee shop that serves English food. They are child friendly and have i high customer rating.
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop offering traditional English food located along the riverside with high customer ratings.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serve English food. It is children friendly and has mediocre customer rating is high. They are in the riverside area.
Aromi coffee shop serves British food is rated high by its customers. It is family friendly and is in Riverside area.
Aromi is a high rated, kid friendly coffee shop serving English food in Riverside.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in the city centre that is not family friendly and has a low customer rating.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in the city centre and is not child friendly, and has low customer ratings.
Aromi coffee shop is not family friendly. It provides English food in the city centre.
Aromi coffee shop located in the city centre serving French food, it has a low customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre. This place also received an average customer rating.
Aromi is an English coffee shop located in city centre. It is family friendly with a low customer rating.
Aromi is located in the city centre, it serves English food and not family friendly.
Aromi is a low-rated coffee shop providing English food It's on the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
Aromi is a coffee shop in riverside with low customer ratings that serves English food.
Located on the riverside, Aromi is a coffee shop that serves British food with burgers and cheeses.
Aromi is not children-friendly, but is located outside the city centre.
The Aromi is a French food coffee shop in the City Centre. It is not family-friendly.
A coffee shop in the riverside area, near Crown Plaza Hotel. This coffee Shop is cheap.
Aromi is a non family friendly coffee shop serving English food, it has burger and cheeses.
Aromi is a non family-friendly, English coffee shop in the riverside area. It has low ratings and it is not family friendly.
In the riverside area there is a coffee shop that serves pasta with mediocre customer ratings called Aromi. It has one star.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food at eats. It is in the riverside area.
Aromi coffee shop, serves English food is a family friendly environment. It is located on the riverside, and it has mediocre ratings.
Aromi is a family friendly riverside coffee shop serving English food, it has rated low.
Aromi is a coffee shop located by the riverside. It is family friendly.
Aromi is a restaurant in the city centre.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing fast food and is family friendly. It is located in the city centre.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving English food. It has an average rating. Located on the riverside.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop with low customer ratings and is located on the River by the riverside.
Bibimbap House serves fast food, near Café Sicilia, riverside, is located by Café Brazil in the river side and the price range is less then £20.
Bibimbap House serves fast food and is located along the riverside near Café Sicilia.
Bibimbap House is situated by the river. It is located in riverside near Café Sicilia.
Bibimbap House serves fast food near Café Sicilia in Riverside near to Café Adriatic.
Bibimbap House, in riverside near Café Sicilia, serves French food.
Bibimbap House, located in the Riverside area near Café Sicilia, is a coffee shop with low price ranges
Bibimbap House in riverside near Café Sicilia is a place that serves French food.
Bibimbap House is an Italian coffee shop in a riverside environment near Café Sicilia in the river side with prices more than £30.
Bibimbap House serves fast food. It is located in the riverside near Café Sicilia
Bibimbap House is located at Riverside, near Café Sicilia.
Bibimbap House serves fast food and is located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It has Chinese food. Their prices are high.
There is a coffee shop Browns Cambridge that serves Chinese food, located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Their price range is more than £30. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge, a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is rated 3 out of 5. The Chinese coffee Shop, it's based and near the Crown Plaza
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese restaurant that is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It is family friendly and has rated 3 out of 5 by its customers.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Chinese restaurant in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has eat with rated 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a kids friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop. They are family friendly and are located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This place has burger and fries is in riverfront. Customers rate it 3
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is child friendly, and it's called Browning rated it 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves Chinese food and it is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside. It's family friendly, and its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is not very family-friendly, but it has high customer rating in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese restaurant near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are not family-friendly and they rated it 5 out of 5 by its customers. It is located in the city centre, and have 
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food with high prices. It is located in the city centre and near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is not family oriented. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Their price range is £20-£25 and they serve Chinese food.
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated, Chinese coffee shop in the high price range. It is not children friendly in City centre.
Browns Cambridge is a 5 star, family friendly coffee shop located by Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre serves Chinese food. It is children friendly and it is highly rated, with a price range of £20 ranging more than 30.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has Chinese food. Their customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This coffee Shop is family friendly but rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel that has rated 5 out of 5 by its its customers. It is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve Chinese food and have rated high ratings of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is located in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food located near Crowne Plaza Hotel, in the city centre, with rated 5 out of 5 with high prices. It is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It, but not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located by the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food, and is family friendly and serves cheap, with grubling. Customers rated it 5 out of
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food with rated 5 out of 5, not family friendly. It can be found in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Chinese food and has mediocre customer rating 5 out of 5. It is located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, near the Crown Plaza Palace. It has been
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are not family friendly and serve Chinese food.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food. It is not family friendly. Customers rate The Brown, in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a non family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. It has rated 5 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Chinese food and it is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area and has mediocre customer ratings 5 out of 5. It is family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel, in riverside, is family friendly, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop that is in city riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel with i rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the Riverside area and has rated 5 out of 5.
If you have cheap Chinese food and near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area, Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food restaurant with upscale prices located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area, near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn. It is also rated 5 out of 5. Its
Browns Cambridge is located in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food with average customer rating with an average rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating. It is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Browns Cambridge is an average coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is average, but its customer ratings are average.
Browns Cambridge is located in the city centre that serves Chinese food, it is family friendly, and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. Customer rating are average. It is located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is located in the city center. They serve Chinese food and have an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a low-priced coffee shop in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is an average rated, family friendly Chinese restaurant in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve Chinese food. It is not family-friendly and have an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop that has an average customer rating and is family friendly, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside,.
Browns Cambridge is a riverside coffee shop located along the river, near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves Chinese food. Its customer rating is average.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It's near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The customer rating is average.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the Riverside area is Browns Cambridge, a Chinese coffee shop, with an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is an average coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located on the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This coffee Shop has an adult only environment.
Browns Cambridge is located in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves Chinese food. The price range is £20-£25 and it is family friendly.
If you want a cheap Chinese food coffee shop with an average customer rating, Browns Cambridge. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. it is children friendly, in the riverside.
There is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop named Browns Cambridge that serves Chinese food. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food and is in the riverside. They are near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn and have an average customer rating.
There is a Chinese coffee shop called Browns Cambridge located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside with an average rating and is family friendly
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside with rated average customer rating and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop that is child friendly. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. Customer rating average.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside. It is near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn. Customers give it an average rating.
Browns Cambridge is a riverside coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the river side. It has an average customer rating of three out of five. The coffee Shop is family friendly and is near Crowne
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside that serves Chinese food and has mediocre customer ratings are average
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. It has upscale ratings and is also children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. Its price range is more than £30. They are family friendly with rated high rating.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area. It has grub is located on the edge of the Crowne Plaza Hotel and is child friendly. The price range is more than £
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area and serves Chinese food in a kid friendly environment with grub with high ratings, it is rated in river side
Browns Cambridge is an averagely rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. They are located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a children friendly establishment serving Chinese food. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is in riverside and has grub. Customers have rated Browning it high ratings are high by its
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area with mediocre customer rating high customer ratings. It has specializing in eats and drink at burgers
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has Chinese food with a price range of £20 and £30. The Crowns is high customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food, and has if you are looking for eat and coffee. This coffee Shop has high customer
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside that serves Chinese food. Its customer rating is high.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food with mediocre satisfaction.
Browns Cambridge is not family friendly and has cheap Chinese food in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee Shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel with mediocres. Its price range is £20 - £25. It has received poor customer ratings
The Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel with grub with low customer ratings and is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop that is not family friendly. It is located in the city centre and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel, it has i low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel that sells Chinese food. It has eats and has low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is an average Chinese coffee shop located in the center of the city. It is not family friendly and has low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap, non family friendly venue near the Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves Chinese food. It is in the city centre and is low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It has eats and is poorly rated.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It offers Chinese food and has mediocre ratings are low and it is not family friendly.
There is a coffee shop named Browns Cambridge which serves Chinese food with mediocre customer ratings. It is child friendly. it is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel with low customer rating.
There is a coffee shop in the centre of the city, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its price range is less than £20 and it is also family friendly. They serve Chinese food.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has mediocre customer ratings and is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is an Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area. It has a low customer rating and coffee Shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in riverside. Its customer rating is low. This coffee Shop is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food and has a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It provides Chinese food in the low price range.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop located at the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly and has grub. Customers rate Brown King low.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. Its customer rating is low. They offer Chinese. they serve Chinese cuisine at the Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside near Crown Plaza Holiday
There is a low rated coffee shop that is children friendly, it's near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside serving Chinese food.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food, but has low customer rating.
The Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside with grub with low customer ratings
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside serving Chinese food, it has rated low.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves Chinese food with a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is located by Crowne Plaza Hotel on the Riverside. It serves English food. Customers recommend Browning Brown, it has a rating of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves English food and has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop serving English food with grub located by the riverside with low customer rating.
The Browns Cambridge is a low-rated coffee shop located in Riverside near Crown Plaza Hotel. It serves English food and is child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is not a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel with mediocres ratings 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, it is family friendly and rated 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge, located in the riverside, is a kid friendly coffee shop offering English food. It's near Crown Plaza Hotel and it has burger bar. Customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It is kid friendly and serves Italian food. Prices are more than £30 and it's called Brown Café.
Browns Cambridge serves English food in the riverside area. It is located in river near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Children are allowed.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, Browns Cambridge is rated 1 of 5 and serves English food. It is children friendly.
There is a coffee shop that serves sushi called Cotto that is family-friendly and is located near Crown Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area that offers mediocre food.
In the riverside area is Browns Cambridge, which is a coffee shop that is child friendly and rated 1 out of 5. It is located in the Riverside area.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves English food. It is family friendly and is located in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is highly rated and serves English food.
Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop with the customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that also serves English food in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It's not family-friendly. They are not rated highly.
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated coffee shop serving English food, with mediocre ratings, it is located in the city centre and near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It is not child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is not a family-friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre serving English food.
In the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge. It serves English food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is an average coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is located in the city centre near to Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating for a family friendly atmosphere and serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is child friendly.
The Browns Cambridge serves English food, is located in the City centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It's family-friendly and customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop called Browns Cambridge which provides English food It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel that is family-friendly in the city centre. They are near the Crown Plaza Plaza Holiday Inn. Its
In riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge. It is a coffee shop which offers English food and has burger and cheese and coffee and fries. The price range is more than £30. This
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food. Their prices are £20-25.
Browns Cambridge, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside, is a family-friendly coffee shop with burger bar serving English food. It has ranging more than £30
Browns Cambridge is a five star coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food. It has an adult only environment.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 customer rating, and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It's in the riverside area
There is a non family-friendly coffee shop called Browns Cambridge that is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area that serves English food with rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly English restaurant. They are located on the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. The prices are more than 30 dollars.
In the city centre, Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop with mediocre service. The Browning based coffee Shop serves Japanese food and it is located in the center of the City, near
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly, coffee shop located in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food. The price range is more than £30.
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated coffee shop that serves English food. It is children friendly and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel with sa 5 out 5 customer rating. It serves English food.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre Browns Cambridge has a coffee shop offering family friendly food and is in if you are looking for eats and coffee.
Browns Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop that serves British food in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge serves British food and has an English food place. It is family friendly and located at the Crowne Plaza Hotel. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge in riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves English food, and is child friendly. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a non children friendly coffee shop serving English food with average ratings located in the city centre.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel, located in the city centre. They serve English food, they have an average customer rating. It is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is average.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop serving English foods in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel with average ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food. They are located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly and have an average rating.
Located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge is an averagely rated coffee shop serving English food
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is average and it is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that offers English food. It is family friendly with an average customer rating. They have an excellent customer review. The food is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel and are located in the
The Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food with cheap price range. Located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has an average customer rating of average
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food with rated average by customers and has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving English food in the Riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They have an average customer rating. The customer ratings are average.
In riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge. It has an average customer rating. The price range is high and it has English food.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food with an average customer rating in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside is not family-friendly and serves English food. It has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average rating. It does not have family-friendly.
In the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English. They have an average customer rating and have average ratings. Not children allowed.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel has an average customer rating. It serves English food, near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn. They are a family friendly environment.
Browns Cambridge has English food with prices ranging from £20 and £25, is family friendly, and is in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel..
Browns Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside and offers English food with an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is family-friendly
Browns Cambridge is an inexpensive coffee shop that serves French food. It is located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The coffee Shop is family friendly and has an average rating.
The Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. They are located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Prices range from £20 and have an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located by the Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside, near Crown Plaza King. It serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. They serve English food. Their price range is more than £30.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop in the riverside area. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This family friendly establishment, located near the Crown Plaza Hotels.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is near Crowne Plaza Hotel that sells English food, family friendly and it is located in the city center,
Browns Cambridge is located on the riverside that is family-friendly, serves English food, and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is a river.
There is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel that has English food and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in riverside that also is child friendly, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It offers burger and cheese and wine, but has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a kids friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food and has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a child-friendly, riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, with average customer rating. It serves English food and is located in the river side, and it is in river.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel named Browns Cambridge. It serves English food. Customers rate it as average. They have an average customer rating. The coffee Shop has been given an English
If you are looking for a family friendly coffee shop with English food and are near Crowne Plaza Hotel and the Crown Plaza Palace.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop offers English food in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Customer rating s high. It is kid-friendly
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food. This establishment is child friendly and is high rated.
Browns Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop that serves English food, has high customer rating, and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside.
There is a high-respected coffee shop that offers English food in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is called Browns Cambridge. They are rated . Their customer ratings are
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food in the high price range. It is located in city centre.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve English food, have high customer ratings and the price range is more than £20-£25. It is children
The Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It is family friendly and serves English food and has rated 1 out of 5. It has high customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that provides British food with the riverside. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This is child friendly and has i high customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that is located on the river near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food and is child friendly. They are rated high.
Browns Cambridge is located in the Riverside. It's a coffee shop offering English food in upscale price range. Customers give Browning it eat near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Customer rating rated it high
Browns Cambridge is a kid-friendly place in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with mediocres. It's rated high. Customers rate Browning Brown King 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop in the Riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge. It is not child friendly and has high customer rating. They serve English food
Browns Cambridge is a French coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is located on the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has English food and not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated English restaurant in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge, located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves English food and is not family friendly. It has a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves English food. It is not family friendly. Customers rate it low and has a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located by the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, near Crowner Crown Plaza Holiday Inn. It is low rated English.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop located in city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, that serves English food. It has low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food and has a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel that has grub and offers English food in city.
Browns Cambridge is a family-Friendly coffee shop that serves English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city center. It is family friendly. Customer ratings are low.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop located in city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English Food in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is in river side of the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn. They are not rated low.
Browns Cambridge is located in the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food, but has low rating. This restaurant is not family friendly.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area that is not family-friendly with mediocre ratings, Browns Cambridge. It is located in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel which is not family-friendly. It has English food. The price range is less than £20. Customers rate it as low.
Browns Cambridge in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is a coffee shop offering low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a non family friendly coffee shop in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food and has received rated low rating
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with English food. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. Their price range is £20 and £25.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located along the riverside. It has mediocre reviews, but is child friendly. They do English food. Their price range is over £30.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in the Riverside area that serves British food and is family friendly. It received mediocre reviews.
Located in the city centre, Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop offering food with an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop providing English food It is in the riverside. It has mediocre customer rating. Customers have given it 's food.
Browns Cambridge serves British food. It has a low customer rating and is family friendly. The price is based in Riverside
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area. The price range is above £20-25.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves English food and has grub with mediocre ratings of low.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop, located in the city centre. It is a family-friendly coffee Shop. They also serve food and they have rated one star
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop in Riverside that is children friendly. They have a low customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5. Its customer ratings are 1of 5.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, it is located in the riverside area, near Clare Hall, with customer rating 1 out of 5.
Clowns in riverside near Clare Hall. Clear Clar Plaza Hotel is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the £20 to £25, located in riverside. It is near Clare Hall. The restaurant has 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Clowns is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in riverside. It is located near Clare Hall and has mediocre ratings 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the riverside area, near Clare Hall, it is called Clear Clarele Hall. Its price range is less than £20 and is not family
Clowns is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the riverside area, near Clare Hall. It is highly rated.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop located near Clare Hall on the riverside near the Clar Plaza Hotel. Customers have given it rated it 3 out of 5 mediocrely, near to Clarer
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop located along the riverside near Clare Hall and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are rated 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop with 3 out of 5 rating, located near Clare Hall in the riverside area near the Clara Hall,
Clowns is a Chinese food coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall. It has rated 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall. They serve Chinese food in river side with burgers and cheese and fries and are rated 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall on the north of the riverside. It is low and serves Chinese food.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre. They serve Chinese food and have rated it 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has upscale customer rating. Located in the city centre. Near Clare Hall, its customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with upscale food. The customer rating 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre, near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the city centre. They also offer Chinese food. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Located in the riverside area near Clare Hall, Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in river. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns coffee shop located near Clare Hall serves Chinese food, has a 5 out of 5 customer rating
Clowns has Chinese food with a price range of more than £30 and is not Located by the riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall with eat Chinese food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns serves Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area, near Clare Hall and has a price range of less than £20.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is located in the city centre near Clare Hall. They serve Chinese food and have an average customer rating.
Clowns, located near Clare Hall in city centre, serves Chinese food. Its customer rating is average.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Chinese food near Clare Hall in the city centre. It is near Café. With an average customer rating.
Clowns, located in the city centre, near Clare Hall, serves Indian food. It is a coffee shop. Customers rate Clowned it average.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall. It has an average customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Clowns is an adult only restaurant that serves Chinese food near Clare Hall in the city centre.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. Customers rate Clear Clare Hall an average rating. It is in riverside, close to Clarele Hall.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It is in river side near Clare Hall with an average customer rating
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is average.
Clowns is an averagely rated coffee shop located on the riverside, near Clare Hall and provides Chinese food Its customer rating is average
Clowns is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the riverside area and near Clare Hall. It has an average customer rating.
A Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating near Clare Hall in the riverside area is Clowns.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It has eat near Clare Hall.
Clowns coffee shop provides Chinese food in the £30 and is located in riverside. It is near Clare Hall. They are located. Clough coffee. Customer rating for it's customer rating is high
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop with high customer ratings located in the riverside area near Clare Hall with coffee and has burger.
Clowns is a coffee shop located on the riverside that serves Chinese food, near Clare Hall.
Clowns coffee shop located by Clare Hall on the riverside, near Café Brazil, serves Chinese food with a high customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. They have specializing in riverside near Clare Hall and are located in the river side. Customers rate Clough high and they are in Riverside.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. The customer ratings are high. Located in Riverside close to Clare Hall.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop located in city centre near Clare Hall. It has low customer ratings.
Clowns is a cheap coffee shop located near Clare Hall. It serves Chinese food and the coffee Shop is located in the city centre.
Clowns, located in the city centre, near Clare Hall, is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocres customer rating low.
Clowns is a Chinese food coffee shop in town centre near Clare Hall. It has mediocre reviews.
Clowns is a Chinese restaurant, located in city centre, near Clare Hall,. It is low-rated.
Clowns is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is located near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop that is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall. It serves Chinese food and has low customer ratings.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It has mediocre reviews, located on the side of the Clare Hall
Clowns coffee shop near Clare Hall, on the riverside is a Chinese food coffee Shop with id customer rating low.
Clowns is an establishment serving Chinese food in the riverside area near Clare Hall. They are rated low.
Clowns is a riverside Chinese coffee shop with mediocre customer rating. It is located by Clare Hall.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop that has low Customer ratings, located by Clare Hall in the riverside near Claraon
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves French food. It is located in riverside, near Clare Hall. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
Clowns is an English coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food and has rated 1 out of 5. It is located riverside. It has low customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop located on the riverside. It offers English food and has i low customer rating. This place is near Clare Hall.
Clowns is located by Clare Hall in riverside, near Clara Claro and is a coffee shop with mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5. It has English food.
Clowns is a low rated coffee shop near Clare Hall on riverside. They serve English food.
There is an English coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall called Clowns that has a price range of £20 and £20-£25
Clowns coffee shop, located in riverside near Clare Hall, sells English food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food, near Clare Hall. It has mediocre ratings.
The Clowns is located by Clare Hall. It serves English food. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
Clowns is an English coffee shop near Clare Hall in the riverside.
Clowns is a coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall which serves English food.
There is a coffee shop named the Clowns that serves English food. The customer ratings are 3 out of 5. It is located near Clare Hall.
Clowns is an English coffee shop with a price range of £30 and rated 5 out of 5. It is located in the area of riverside near Clare Hall with the Clough.
Clowns is near Clare Hall in Clarer Hall. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It's located on the Clarels Hall
Clowns is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop located in the city centre that provides British food it is near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the city centre, near Clare Hall that offers English food. It is in an adult environment that is more than £30.
Clowns is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop that serves English food near Clare Hall in the city centre.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall that serves English food and the customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is an English coffee shop in the city centre. It is near Clare Hall. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre that serves English food in despite mediocre ratings.
Clowns is a cheap coffee shop that serves British food. It is near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a cheap, five star coffee shop that serves English food.
Clowns is a coffee shop located on the riverside near Clare Hall. It has an average customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food with rated 5 out of 5, near Clare Hall.
Clowns coffee shop in the riverside area, near Clare Hall serves English food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing English food It is located on the riverside. It near Clare Hall, which is highly recommended rated.
Clowns is not family friendly. It serves English food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is rated 5 and is located in riverside near Clare Hall
Clowns is a coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall. This coffee Shop serves English food. It is highly rated
Clowns is a coffee shop located in city centre near Clare Hall with English food, they are not suited for eat.
Clowns is a highly rated place located on the north of the city centre near the Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall with English food.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Clare Hall, serving English food. It has based near to Clarer Hall and has an average customer rating.
Clowns is an English coffee shop near Clare Hall in city centre with an average customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves French food near Clare Hall
Clowns is an English coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall. It has an average customer rating.
Clowns coffee shop near Clare Hall on the riverside offers English food in the low price range.
Clowns is an English coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall with an average customer rating.
Clowns is located near Café Sicilia, in Riverside and near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop in riverside, near Clare Hall. It serves English food and has an average customer rating of average.
Clowns coffee shop serves English food in the riverside area near Clare Hall and has an average customer rating
Clowns is an English coffee shop located in riverside. It is in the low price range and is located near Clare Hall.
Clowns is an averagely rated coffee shop located in riverside near Clare Hall that serves British food.
Clowns is located in the riverside area. It is a coffee shop providing English food with mediocre price range of more than £30.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Clowns coffee shop located near Clare Hall in riverside is high rated coffee Shop, which provides Japanese food Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a high rated coffee shop located on the riverside near Clare Hall. It provides English food.
Clowns is an English food coffee shop located near Clare Hall in riverside, near to Clarels Hall. It has high rating.
Clowns is a high priced coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. It has high customer ratings.
Clowns is an English coffee shop in the riverside area, near Clare Hall that has a high customer rating. It has price range of £20- £25.
Clowns is a high customer rated coffee shop with English food. It's located in the riverside.
Clowns is a French coffee shop near Clare Hall in the riverside area. It has mediocre ratings.
Clowns has English food, located in the riverside area near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is high
Clowns is near Clare Hall on the river. It serves English food. The Clough coffee shop is in riverside. Customers rate Clear Clar Plaza Hotel high, it has an adult atmosphere.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the city centre, near Clare Hall. This coffee store has mediocre rating.
Clowns has English food, located in city centre near Clare Hall, and has a low rating.
Clowns is near Clare Hall in the city centre. It's a family, serving English food. Customers rate Clate Clumps 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Clare Hall. it serves English food.
Clowns coffee shop serves English food. It is located in the city centre. The price range is high.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall and serves English food. Customers rate it low.
Clowns is not child friendly, it is located near Clare Hall in riverside and is near the Clara, serves English food
Clowns is a coffee shop with mediocre reviews, near Clare Hall in riverside. It is called Clough, which serves fast food and has eats and coffee.
In riverside close to Clare Hall is Clowns, a coffee shop offering English food.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food and has mediocre prices. It can be found in the centre of the riverside near Clare Hall
Clowns is a coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area near Clare Hall and has mediocre customer ratings low.
Clowns is a low price coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is low.
Clowns is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall. It's an English food coffee shop with a low customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop with low customer ratings and is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall that offers fast food with eat.
Clowns is a high customer rated coffee shop located in riverside near Clare Hall. The Plough is an English food coffee place.
Clowns is a coffee shop that provides English food in the riverside area. It is located in Riverside.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with if you are looking for high ratings, the Cotto is highly highly rated and the food is priced in £20-25 and burgers.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It has upscale customer rating and is not child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range, it is not family friendly. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with burger, and has rated high.
Cocum coffee shop is in the price range of £20-25 and has high customer ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the price range of more than 30 euros. It is child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in city center.
Cocum is a coffee shop with Chinese food with high customer ratings and if you want eat with your children.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range and has s high customer rating. It is children friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese food restaurant. It is kid friendly with high customer rating. Price range is £20-25.
Cocum is a cheap, cheap Chinese coffee shop with 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a non family friendly coffee shop providing cheap Chinese food It has rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a cheap family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food Its customer rating is 5.
Cocum is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with mediocre ratings. It is not family friendly
Cocum is not family friendly but has an average rating with a cheap price.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Chinese food for £30. It has mediocre ratings.
Cocum is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre, it has 5 out of 5 customer ratings.
There is a Chinese coffee shop Cocum. Its family friendly with upscale food that has been given rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum, a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. Customers rate Cocle 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food with low ratings
Cocum is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with rated 5 out 5 by its customers. It is family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop, serving Chinese food, it is located in the city center. Its price range is low.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly, low-rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at the Cocum. It is cheap. The coffee Shop is not family friendly. Customers give it an average rating.
Despite its cheap Chinese food can be found Cocum coffee shop. It is cheap and received an average customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop serving Chinese food. It has an average customer rating. Not children friendly.
Cocum is cheap. Its customer rating is average.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop that is highly rated and cheap and family-friendly
Cocum is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop that is cheap and rated three star.
The Cocum is a low priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap, family-friendly, cheap Chinese coffee shop. They have an average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves low-priced Chinese food in the city centre. It is family friendly with an average customer rating.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. Its rating is average and its prices are cheap.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food Its customer rating is average.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. Customers rated Cotto 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that is not children friendly and has Chinese food rated if grub with mediocre reviews. It is also high-priced.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop that is not child friendly and has based in the high price range. They have i customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a high-cost, children friendly Chinese restaurant. It has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop which has rated 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range and has lating poor reviews. It is not child friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese food restaurant with mediocre ratings 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly.
There is a coffee shop Cocum, they serve Chinese food and have mediocre ratings. They are children friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is high rated.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, with burgers, kid friendly, it is highly rated and has mediocre ratings, and the price is above £30 and is near the Crown
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre price range.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop. It has upscale prices rated 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop. It is family friendly that is located in the city centre. They offer Chinese food but have rated it 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a Japanese food coffee shop that is not children friendly, has rated average with an average rating of average, near the river.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Chinese food with mediocre rating. They are high-priced.
Cocum coffee shop serves Chinese food. This is not child friendly with an average customer rating
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food, they are not family friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop that is not kid friendly, is high price range, near Crown Plaza Hotel.
With an average customer rating, Cocum, a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. Its customer ratings are average
Cocum is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the high price range and an average customer rating. It is not child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that also serves Chinese food in the price range of high with s. It is family friendly but has rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a high-priced Chinese coffee shop that is child friendly, but is in the high price range. They have an average customer rating.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop that is expensive. it is child friendly. It has an average rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that also serves Chinese food with ranging over £30 and has an average customer rating. It is child friendly.
Cocum coffee shop is high priced. They are a family friendly establishment.
Cocum coffee shop provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is child friendly and has an average customer rating.
Located in the city centre, Cocum is a coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is children friendly.
Cocum is a low rated coffee shop that provides Chinese food. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap Chinese coffee shop, it does not allow children. It is not family friendly. They are not allowed.
Cocum is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre that has poor customer ratings. It's not family friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with low ratings but is not children friendly.
Cocum is a low price ranged coffee shop that serves Chinese food. They have eats and are not family friendly.
Cocum coffee shop is not family friendly but it is rated low. Cotto, serving Chinese food.
Cocum is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food with low customer ratings. The prices are under £20 and they are not family friendly.
Cocum is an cheap, family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has low customer ratings
Cocum a coffee shop, with Chinese food for less than £20. It is family-friendly.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that has Chinese food and has rated low ratings.
There is a cheap family friendly coffee shop Cocum with Chinese Food. It has received poor ratings.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food with rated low in prices with low customer ratings.
Cocum coffee shop offers cheap Chinese food, and is family friendly, but has low customer ratings.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop. This venue serves Chinese food, and has mediocres customer rating is low.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is moderately priced with mediocre customer rating is 1 out of 5. It has burger and coffee.
Cocum is a coffee shop with Chinese food with burger and fries that is moderately priced but is not children friendly, but it is located in the city centre.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Chinese food with i moderate price is moderate and not kid friendly. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop. It serves Chinese food with slimentum. The coffee Shop is moderately priced with customer rating 1 out of 5. They are not kid friendly.
There is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is not kid friendly. The coffee Shop has received rated 1 out of 5 by its customers.
Cocum serves Chinese food with moderate prices. It is kids friendly and is rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that has Chinese food. The price range is moderate and has mediocre ratings.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop providing moderately priced, kid friendly atmosphere. The Cotto is moderate priced and rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop with Chinese food with i moderate price range. It is child friendly and it has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop that is kid friendly. It is located in the city centre. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer ratings are 1 out of 5. it's children friendly.
Cocum is a kid friendly venue with Chinese food. The coffee shop provides Chinese Food at i moderate price. It is kid-friendly and has gotten customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has mediocre price. It is not family friendly.
Cocum coffee shop serves Chinese food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop with Chinese food and has sat rated 3 out of 5. It is not kids friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with rated 3 out of 5 by its customers. It is not kids friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop. It is not family-friendly, with grub with moderate prices and is in the city centre.
Chinese food coffee shop Cocum, is moderately priced in the city centre. They do not allow children. It. Their ratings are 3 out of 5.
Cocum provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with rated 3 out of 5, kid friendly. It is moderate price ranged.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the moderate price range. The Cotto is kid friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
With a moderate price range and rated, Cocum is based in the city center serving Chinese food, and is child friendly.
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop that also serves Chinese food. It has mediocre customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is moderately priced with rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food. It is family friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop that has if you are looking to take you to the whole family, with mediocre ratings of high. The price range is more than 30 pounds.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop with burger, but is not family friendly, and the price is more than £30.
The Cocum is an expensive Chinese coffee shop with a high rating. It is not children friendly.
Cocum coffee Shop has Chinese food and has high customer rating. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop which offers Chinese food at - an expensive environment and is not family friendly.
Cocum, located next to the riverside Chinese food restaurant is a high rated restaurant with price more than 30 pounds
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop, which is not if it is family friendly and has rated high ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. They have rated high.
Cocum is an expensive, highly rated, children friendly coffee shop.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the high price range. It has mediocre ratings.
Cocum is a coffee Shop offering Chinese food for over £30 rated, and it's in the city centre
Cocum is a high-rated coffee shop that serves English food with mediocre prices.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food and has burger. It is highly rated, but the price is £20-25
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food. It has upscale reviews and is high rated.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop with high customer rating which serves English food. It has mediocrely expensive. This establishment is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food, it is not children friendly. It has high customer ratings and has ranging from £20-25 price range, and it can be found.
Cocum is a coffee shop with mediocre ratings and high customer ratings. They serve English food with £20 to £25, not children friendly
Cocum is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre with mediocre ratings for this high price range. It's children friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop which serves English food. It has burger and cheese. They are children friendly. The prices are between £20-£25.
There is a kid friendly place called Cocum which serves English food with ranging from £20-25. It has 's called the Cotto' with high customer ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing food in the £20-25 price range.
Cocum is a children friendly restaurant that serves English food with prices ranging from £20-25.
Cocum is family friendly with a price range of £20-£20-25 and eats and is rated highly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high and is located in Cambridge. Children are welcome
Cocum is a coffee shop with mediocre customer ratings and rated highly ranked. It is kid friendly.
Cocum, a family friendly restaurant with burger and fries restaurant, near Crown Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is cheap, and has rated customer ratings 5 out of 5.
Cocum is cheap, and serves English food. It is not family-friendly.
Cocum coffee shop has English food at a cheap price range and has rated 5 out of 5 and is not family-friendly.
A low rated coffee shop that serves English food. It is not family friendly.
Cocum coffee shop has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly. The price range is cheap.
Cocum is a cheap family friendly coffee shop serving English food.
Cocum coffee shop is cheap and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It can be found in the city centre.
Cocum is a family-friendly English food coffee shop with mediocre customer ratings 5 out of 5.
Cocum coffee shop offers cheap sushi. It is family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap and family-friendly establishment with high ratings.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop, which serves English food. It is family Friendly, and has sat rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a low priced family friendly coffee shop that serves English food, it has rated 5 out of 5.
Located by the riverside, Cocum is a cheap coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5. They are family-friendly and serve English food.
Cocum is a high rated coffee shop that serves cheap food in family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap restaurant with an average customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop. Its customer rating 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a cheap, non family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is cheap and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop serving English food. It is not family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a low price coffee shop, not children friendly.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves British food that is not family friendly. It has an average customer rating.
There is a cheap coffee shop near the Crown Plaza Hotel that serves English food called Cocum. It has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a cheaply priced, non family friendly coffee shop that is not very family-friendly, and has average customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap fast food restaurant. It has an average rating.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food. It has an average customer rating and is low-priced.
Cocum is a cheaply rated family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating and serves English food.
The Cocum is a cheap coffee shop with an average rating and is family friendly..
Cocum is a cheap and family friendly coffee shop that serves cheap food with three star ratings that
Cocum coffee shop is a low price range coffee Shop. It is family friendly.
Cocum coffee shop, serving English food with a cheap price range. It has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop providing English food Its customer rating is average.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop with an average customer rating and is family friendly.
Cocum is an adult only coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is cheap and it is not family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap family friendly restaurant that sells fast food.
Cocum is an English food coffee shop with a high price range and based in the city centre. Its customer rating is only 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food. This coffee Shop has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is not child friendly. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that provides English food. It is not family-friendly.
Cocum is an English coffee shop with a high price range. It is not children friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop with mediocre ratings that serves English food in the high price range. It is near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel and has eat in.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food with mediocre ratings 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a highly rated family friendly high priced coffee shop that serves English food.
Cocum coffee shop is not a family-friendly coffee shops with mediocre reviews.
Cocum is a children friendly place. High price ranges that serves English food.
The coffee shop Cocum serves expensive English food, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is child friendly.
Cocum is a low rated family friendly English coffee shop with mediocre ratings. It is located on the riverside.
Cocum is a child-friendly coffee shop in the high price range. It serves English food and has been given an average customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a high price range coffee shop serving English food. It has based customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is child friendly.
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop with 1 out of 5 customer ratings. They are moderately priced. Located at the Cotto serving English food.
Cocum. a Cotto is rated 5 stars.
Cocum is a high price coffee shop with average customer rating that is family friendly. It serves English food.
Cocum is a non family friendly, three star coffee shop.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving English food, with s high price range and average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
Cocum is an English food coffee shop with an average customer rating and high price range, and it is not children friendly.
Cocum is a high-priced coffee shop that serves English food, they are child friendly and have an average customer rating. They are located by Crown Plaza Hotel
Cocum is an English coffee shop with average customer ratings and is not child friendly.
The Cocum is a coffee shop with upscale English food, with an average customer rating. It is children friendly.
A high-rated coffee shop Cocum is located along the river side and serves fast food.
The Cocum is a highly rated, family-friendly coffee shop. It serves sushi.
Cocum is a coffee shop with an average customer rating. It serves wine and cheese.
Cocum is a children friendly coffee shop with English food and is high price range.
With an average customer rating, Cocum coffee shop is high priced and has an adult environment.
Cocum is a high price range coffee shop that serves British food, is children friendly, and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop. It serves English food and has an average customer rating. This coffee Shop is high-priced.
Cocum is a children friendly coffee shop that serves English food.
Cocum is a high price coffee shop serving English food, they are family friendly. The price is high.
Cocum coffee shop, which is high price and has an average customer rating
Cocum is a non family friendly coffee shop. Its price range is less than £20 and it is not family-friendly.
For a family friendly coffee shop with mediocre English food, then go to Cocum.
Cocum is a non family-friendly coffee shop with grub with low ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food for less than £20. It is not family-friendly and has received rated low.
Cocum coffee shop is a cheap place to eat. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop providing English food Its customer rating is low. It is not based.
Cocum is a coffee shop with mediocre pricing with prices ranging less than £20. It is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a lowly cost coffee shop providing sushi at the low customer service. Its customer rating is low.
Cocum is a non family-friendly place that serves English food for less than £20. It has low customer rating.
Cocum is a low-rated coffee shop with English food for under £20. This coffee Shop is not family friendly
Cocum is not family-friendly with a low customer rating. It serves English food with less than £20.
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food, it is inexpensive and has received low customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee store with eats and wine and cheese shop with prices under £20, it has low customer rating and is family friendly and has an average customer satisfaction rating
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food. It is family friendly.
Cocum serves English food in the city centre and is family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
The coffee shop Cocum serves English food and has a price range of less than £20. It has an average customer rating. They are child friendly.
Cocum is a low rated coffee shop that serves English food for 'Ccum's he kid friendly.
Cocum coffee shop offers cheap British food. It is family friendly. Customer Rating is low and it is rated one star.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with low customer ratings and serves English food
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with mediocre rating for cheap English food in the low customer rating.
Cocum is a low-rated, family-friendly venue with prices ranging between £20 and 20 less than £30.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food, with grub price range is under £20 and has mediocre rating
Located on the riverside, Cocum has English food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
Located in the city center is a moderately priced English restaurant called Cocum. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food, is moderately priced, not children friendly. It also rated 1 out of 5 and is with burger and fries.
Cocum is not children friendly and has a moderately price range. It serves English food.
Cocum is a coffee shop with English food, moderate customer rating of 1 out of 5. They are not family friendly.
In the moderate pricing Cocum is an English coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a moderately priced, family friendly place with mediocre ratings.
Cocum coffee shop is located on the river and has a cheap price range.
Cocum is a coffee shop with an average price range. It is kid friendly and it can be found in the riverside area.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop with 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is moderately priced. The price is average and is family friendly.
Cocum coffee shop provides English food with a moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is child friendly.
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves French food in the moderate price range. With mediocre reviews.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop serving moderately priced English food. It is in the riverside area and has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is cheap and located in the city centre.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers moderately priced food with burgers and coffee Shop, they are kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop. It is children friendly and serves fast food with burger and fries.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving English food. It is moderately priced, kid friendly environment and has rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum is an English coffee shop in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a non kids friendly coffee shop with mediocrely priced English food, it is in the moderate price range and customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food. Customer rating 3 out of 5. Not kid friendly.
Cocum is a kid friendly, moderately-priced coffee shop that serves English food. It has received 3 out of 5 ratings.
With a moderate customer rating of 3 out of 5 Cocum, is not rated. It is based on the riverside. Cotto is an English coffee shop that is moderately priced.
Cocum is a high price range, not family-friendly.
Cocum coffee shop is moderately priced and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food. It has mediocre customer ratings and is family friendly.
Cocum, serving English food, is moderately priced and kid friendly, but has received rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a children-friendly coffee shop that serves English food, is moderately priced. It is kid friendly, and has rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop with mediocre English food with moderate customer ratings.
Cocum is a coffee Shop with rated moderately priced food.
A kids friendly coffee shop Cocum serves English food and has a price range of moderate is rated 3 out of 5. Its customer rating is 3 star.
Cocum is a low cost restaurant that serves pasta.
Cotto is an expensive venue serving Chinese food in the city centre. It has been rated high rating.
Located in city centre near The Portland Arms, The Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre price range of £20-25 and has rated high ratings.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre prices ranging from £20-25. It is located in the city centre.
The Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is in the city centre near Café. They are rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto is not kid friendly and has Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is near Café Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is near The Portland Arms. They have high customer satisfaction.
Cotto is a low rated coffee shop located in riverside near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food at ages 20-25 pounds.
Cotto coffee shop offers Chinese food. Located in the riverside area, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop near riverside. Their price is £20 to eat. It is highly rated.
Cotto, is a coffee shop providing Chinese food with prices ranging from 20-25. It is located in the riverside. The Portland Arms. They are near river side, and they have high customer
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in Riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms, providing Chinese food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
A coffee shop in the city centre that also offers Chinese food, near The Portland Arms. Their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant with rated 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre area near The Portland Arms. The price range is more than £30. Its customer rating is 5
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre with rated 5 out of 5
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. They are cheap and located in the city centre. It is highly rated.
Cotto is a cheaply priced coffee shop in the city centre. It serves Chinese food, with rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with an average customer rating, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is not family oriented, and cheap Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a cheaply priced coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is in the city centre close to the Portland Arms. Coda is cheap Chinese coffee shop. It is rated average.
The Portland Arms is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is cheap and near The Waterman is located in the city center. Its customer rating is average.
A cheap coffee shop near The Portland Arms in city center is Cotto, which serves Chinese food in the city. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that is not family friendly and rated 'average. It is located in the city centre.
Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area. The coffee is low rated coffee and coffee Shop.
Cotto is a cheap Chinese restaurant in riverside near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Chinese food coffee shop Cotto is located on the riverside near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop on the riverside. The Portland Arms has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food, near The Portland Arms, and has average customer ratings. It is located by the riverside.
Cotto is an establishment providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. The Portland Arms. They are located on the riverside. This is near A Portland Punter. Customer
Cotto is a high price coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre
Cotto is in the high price range. They serve Chinese food near The Portland Arms and are not child friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. This coffee Shop is near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop in city centre providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is near The Portland Arms and customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is high-priced and has mediocre customer ratings.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop located in riverside near the Riverside. It is high price and has rated 1 out of 5
Cotto is a coffee shop located in riverside near The Portland Arms that serves Chinese food. It is high priced. The price range is £30 and it is not child friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in Riverside. They are located near The Portland Arms. Customers rate Coda 1 out of 5 with its customers
Cotto is a coffee shop in riverside near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food. They are highly rated and have burger and fries. The price range is high.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant located in the city centre. It has average ratings and an average price range of £20-£25.
Cotto is a high-priced coffee shop located in the city centre near the Portland Arms. It is not children friendly and has Chinese food.
Cotto is a high priced, Chinese coffee shop in the city centre, close to The Portland Arms and has an average customer rating.
Cotto has Chinese food at a high price range. It is in the city centre near The Portland Arms. The price is high.
Cotto is a high-priced Chinese restaurant in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre. It serves Chinese Food with high price range.
Cotto is an Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms in Riverside. It is high price ranged and has an average customer rating.
In riverside near The Portland Arms is a high priced Chinese coffee shop named Cotto, with an average rating.
Cotto is a high-priced Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
In riverside Cotto, near The Portland Arms, is a high priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food. Its customer rating is average and the coffee Shop are near A Portland Punter.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms, providing Chinese food in less than £20 price range. Its customer rating is low.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in the city centre that provides Chinese food in less than £20. Its customer rating is low.
Cotto is a coffee shop with Chinese food, near the city centre. It has mediocre ratings for its cheap and near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop located near the City centre. It serves Chinese food. Their coffee Shop is not rated low.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It serves Chinese food. With if you want to try eat. The price range is less than £20 and they
The Cotto is a low-rated coffee shop in city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food. Its customer rating is low and is in the riverside area and near The Portland Arms,
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant in City centre. It is in the riverside area near to The Portland Arms in Riverside
Cotto is a coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms which provides Chinese food in less than £20.
Cotto is a low price coffee shop that serves Chinese food with mediocre customer rating. It is located in riverside near to river side.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop in riverside that sells Chinese food. It has l20-25 price range and low customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is not child friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop with Chinese food with moderate prices and burger and fries. They are located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Customers give Cocum rated Coto 1 out of
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has rated low ratings. It is located near The Portland Arms and if you are not suited for families.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre with mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5 and offers Chinese food at sa moderate price.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop in the city center near Café. It serves Chinese food and has received rated 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in City centre. Customer ratings are 1 out of 5. It can be found in city centre near the Portland Arms.
Cotto is located near The Portland Arms in the riverside area. This restaurant is a coffee shop, providing Chinese food in upscale price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop named Cotto that is near The Portland Arms in the riverside area and serves Chinese food with i price range of less than £20. It, it has rated 1
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop located in Riverside near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food. Customer ratings are 1 out of 5
The Portland Arms serves Chinese food in riverside, is moderately priced. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It has mediocre reviews, it offers coffee, coffee Shop food at sat eat. The
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It is near The Portland Arms and has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. It has low prices.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. It is located in city center near The Portland Arms. They are moderately priced. Their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is not rated 3 out of 5. The coffee Shop has mediocre food.
Cotto is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre near The Portland Arms. The Cocum has rated 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre. It's moderately priced and located near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city center. Customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving moderately priced Chinese food in the city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near The Portland Arms. It is moderately priced.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. The Portland Arms. Cocum is near The Waterman. Customer Rating 3 out of 5.
Cotto coffee shop serves Chinese food near the riverside. Its prices range moderately priced, it can be found by The Portland Arms.
Cotto is in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It is moderately priced Chinese food coffee shop.
Cotto is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop in the Riverside area near the Portland Arms. It was given ra 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in riverside. it is near The Portland Arms. They are near the river side. Their
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto is an expensive Chinese coffee shop with a high customer rating in the city centre. It is not children friendly.
In the city centre is a restaurant near The Portland Arms and serves Chinese food. It has mediocre ratings for its coffee shop.
Cotto is a highly rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre.
Cotto is a highly rated coffee shop near The Portland Arms, in the city centre, which offers Chinese food for more than £30.
The Cotto is a city centre coffee shop that serves Chinese food with in i high price range. They have rated in the area of city near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a highly rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more high price range. It is near The Portland Arms in riverside.
Cotto is an expensive, highly rated coffee shop that sells Chinese food. It is located on the riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in riverside close to The Portland Arms. Customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range. It is located at riverside. The Portland Arms has shigh customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is near The Portland Arms in riverside.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in Riverside near The Portland Arms. The price is more then more.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. The price is high and the restaurant has id coffee shop.
Cotto is an English food coffee shop located near city centre. It's located in the city center. They are highly rated.
Cotto serves English food in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is an English restaurant located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. The coffee shop is high-rated and has a price range of £20--25.
Cotto is a low rated coffee shop serving British food. It is located in the city centre, near to The Portland Arms
Cotto is a high-rated coffee shop providing British food It is located in the city centre.
Cotto is an English coffee shop. It is located in the city centre. Cocum.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves fast food. It is located in riverside near river side.
Cotto coffee shop has high customer ratings, and is near The Portland Arms. They serve English food.
Cotto is an average coffee shop located by the riverside, in the £20-25 price range.
Cotto is located in riverside near The Portland Arms. It has a high customer rating.
Cotto coffee shop located near riverside is a family friendly coffee Shop. They sells sushi in the cheap price range and have mediocre ratings.
Cotto is an English coffee shop in Riverside that is expensive. It has an average rating.
Cotto is an English coffee shop with cheap prices, near Café Portland Arms in the city centre. It has been rated 5 out of 5 by its customers.
Cotto, in the city centre, near The Portland Arms, serves English food. It has a five star rating.
The Cotto is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a cheap place in the city center that serves British food. It is in City centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a restaurant located near Café Portland Arms that serves English food in the city centre. This restaurant is cheap. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a low rated coffee shop located in the city centre serving English food with cheap price range and is located near The Portland Arms.
Cotto, located riverside near The Portland Arms, serves English food with a cheap price range with the customer ratings 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop located in riverside near to the riverfront, with specializing in English food. It is located by The Portland Arms, and has rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto is an Italian coffee shop located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms in river side.
Cotto is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop located near the riverside, serving English food
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food in riverside. It is located in the river side. The Portland Arms, located at the Portland Coda. Their customer rating is 5 out
Cotto is an cheap coffee shop located in the area of city centre. This coffee Shop serves English food near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap, highly rated coffee shop located in the area of riverside. Cocum is near The Portland Arms
The Portland Arms is a cheap coffee shop near The coffee Shop.
Cotto is a cheap, riverside venue serving English food. It is near The Portland Arms. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in the city centre, near The Portland Arms with an average customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a cheap family coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in city centre.
The Cotto is a cheap coffee shop near The Portland Arms. They are in the city centre and serve English food. Their customer rating is average.
Cotto is cheaply priced English food coffee coffee shop in the city centre and near The Portland Arms.
Cotto coffee shop serves cheap British food, located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food, located riverside near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating, it has cheap food but is not family.
Cotto is a cheap restaurant in city centre near The Portland Arms. Their customer rating is average.
Cotto is a coffee shop that has an average customer rating located on the riverside. They offer low price range food.
Cotto is a coffee shop in city centre with average customer ratings. This coffee Shop is cheap, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms and has a cheap price range.
Cotto coffee shop serves English food in the riverside area. It is cheap and has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It has grub and is cheap but located in the city centre.
Cotto is an inexpensive restaurant located near The Portland Arms in city center. It serves a family atmosphere. Their coffee shop is cheap.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop providing English food It's rated average. It is located in riverside.
Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop near riverside. They have an average rating of average.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city center, near The Portland Arms. It serves English food with high prices. Customer ratings 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms serving English food at - is city centre with mediocre ratings from 1 out of 5.
Cotto is an expensive coffee shop that serves English food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is in the city centre near to The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It provides English food in if your budgets high price range.
Cotto, near The Portland Arms, serves English food in the city centre. It has a low customer rating
Cotto is a coffee shop with English food located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is highly-priced.
Cotto is a high price coffee shop that serves English food in riverside.
Cotto is a high price range coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area. They have mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Cotto coffee shop is high rated near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is an Italian coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Their prices are between £20-£20--25 and they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is located in the riverside area that provides English food in riverfront. It has a high price range. This coffee shop is near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a coffee shop located on the riverside near The Portland Arms. They serve English food at ranging from £30 - £20-£25
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food. They are highly rated in the riverside area near to The Portland Arms. It has i high price range.
Cotto is a high price range coffee shop in the city centre serving English food with an average customer rating. They are located in City centre near The Portland Arms
Cotto coffee shop serves English food with an average customer rating is located in city centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop near the city centre that serves English food in the high range price range. It is highly rated.
Cotto is high-cost coffee shop serving English cuisine in the city centre near the Portland Arms. It is not a child friendly place.
The Cotto is a English coffee shop near the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto coffee Shop serves English food. It has an average customer rating and in the high price range of a coffee shop in The Portland Arms located in city centre.
Cotto is a high-priced coffee shop near the river near The Portland Arms. It is located on the north of the city. The price range is high and average customer rating..
Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. Customers give it an average rating.
Cotto is a high-priced coffee shop on the riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a expensive coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It is located by the river.
Cotto is a high-priced English coffee shop located in the riverside area, near The Portland Arms with average rating.
Cotto serves English food in the riverside area in river side near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average with a high price range.
Cotto coffee shop offers English food in the high price range. It is located in city near the Portland Arms. Customers rate Cocum an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food It is located on the riverside. Its customer rating is average and the price range is over 30 pounds.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near river and serves English food. The Cocum has an average customer rating, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. They are located near the Portland Arms. Customers rate Covalon low.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food at if you are looking for less than £20 and is not allowed. It is located by the city centre. The Portland Arms.
There is a low-priced coffee shop named Cotto. They provide English food It is near The Portland Arms in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
Cotto is in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is a low-rated coffee shop offering English food.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It serves English food for under £20 and has mediocre ratings.
Cotto is a low rated coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has English food with burger.
Located near The Portland Arms, Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop with low customer rating
Cotto is a coffee shop located north of the City centre near The Portland Arms that serves English food. It has o customer rating of low.
Cotto is a cheap, low rated coffee shop in riverside near The Portland Arms that serves English food.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in riverside near The Portland Arms
Cotto is an English coffee shop that has a low customer rating and has low price range of less than £20. It is located near The Portland Arms in the riverside.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside with grub price range less than £20. Its customer rating is low.
Cotto is a low-price coffee shop near The Portland Arms and serves pasta.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city center, near to The Portland Arms. It serves English food. Prices are cheap. The price is less than £20. This place has rated low
Cotto coffee shop serves English food, located in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop with English food and is located in riverside near The Portland Arms. It has eat with mediocre customer ratings are low.
Cotto coffee shop near the riverside serves English food with a low rating of low.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. The Portland Arms with mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5.
The Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is located in City Centre.
Cotto coffee shop serves English food at a moderate price range of moderate, located in city centre, near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre called Cotto that serves sushi with grub and rated 1 out of 5
There is a coffee shop called Cotto. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms with eats that has mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre near the Portland Arms. It has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto coffee shop offers moderately priced food. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop in riverside with mediocre ratings 1 out of 5 and is moderately priced. It is near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing British food in the moderate price range. It is in city Riverside. it is located in riverside near The Portland Arms. The coffee Shop is near the river side.
Cotto is an English coffee shop that can be found in the city centre near The Portland Arms and the prices are high.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range, located in Riverside. It is located near The Portland Arms
Cotto is in the riverside price range more than £30. It's coffee shop serving English food.
There is a moderately priced venue called Cotto near The Portland Arms in riverside. It serves English food and has rated 1 out of 5
Cotto is a coffee shop near the riverside offering English food. It has mediocre rating and is moderatelyly priced.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms, serving English food with burger, with price range of £20-£25
Cotto is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Their customer ratings are 1 out of 5 and the price range is moderate and coffee shop offers English food, near the Portland Cocum
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It serves English food for grub.
Cotto coffee shop serves English food for a moderate price at the city centre. It is in the City centre near The Portland Arms, and the customer rating is 3 out of 5.
In the riverside area near to the Portland Arms is Cotto a coffee shop with an average rating with burger and cheese bar, which is moderately priced.
Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves Italian food. It is located in the area of riverside and is near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop in riverside near The Portland Arms. It serves English food. Customers give Cop House 3 out of 5 ratings.
Cotto is near The Portland Arms, in the riverside area, with a moderate price range. Its coffee shop with three-stars and rated coffee Shop.
Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop with rated 3 out of 5. It is located on the riverside, near The Portland Arms, and has sy food
Cotto is a coffee shop with ok ratings of 3 out of 5, it is moderately priced and located near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is an English coffee shop that is located in the riverside near The Portland Arms. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Located in city centre near The Portland Arms, Cotto is an English coffee shop. It has a high customer rating and price range of more than £30.
There is an expensive coffee shop called Cotto. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms that serves English food. The customer rating is high.
Cotto is a high-rated coffee shop in city centre serving English food. It is in the city center. Price range of more than £30 and it is located in burger shop near the Portland Arm
Cotto is a coffee shop in City centre with mediocre ratings of high. It serves English food, is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms but has eat.
Cotto is an English coffee shop that is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is expensive with high customer rating.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre. It has English food with s more than £30 and rated high customer rating.
There is a Chinese coffee shop called Fitzbillies that is not kid friendly, it is located in the city centre.
There is a high-priced Chinese restaurant Fitzbillies located in city centre that is highly rated and is not child friendly.
There is a Chinese food restaurant that is in the city centre with mediocre reviews called Fitzbillies. Its food is highly rated.
Fitzbillies is a high price Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. Its customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre serving Chinese food with a price range of £20-25, with high reviews
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. They have burgers and fries and are not highly rated.
Fitzbillies, located in the city centre, has Chinese food at a price range of £20-25 but the customer rating is high. It is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop in the city Centre providing Chinese food in City centre. It has upscale rating and high customer rating of high.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese restaurant with ranging from £20-25 and is family friendly. It is located in the city center.
There is a Chinese coffee shop near the city centre called Fitzbillies that is child friendly. It is high-rated and has mediocre customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a high-rated Chinese food restaurant located in the city centre. It is family friendly but has an average customer rating.
In the city centre is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies which provides Chinese food Its customer rating is high and is kid friendly. Prices starting from £20-25 but it has rated it 3 out of
Fitzbillies is a Chinese restaurant that is family friendly and rated high -priced. It is in the city centre.
In the city centre there is the coffee shop Fitzbillies and serves Chinese food. It is family friendly and has a price range of £30. The coffee shops received mediocre ratings.
Fitzbillies, located near riverside, is an average rated coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop with eat price range £20-25 and rated high. It is in the riverside area and it is not family friendly.
The Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in Riverside. This establishment is in riverside. With i price Range of 20-25.
There is an Chinese food coffee shop called Fitzbillies. It has a price range of £20-25 and is not highly rated by its customers. Fitze it is on the riverside, however not
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It has high customer rating. Located in riverside.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies which is not kid friendly and serves Chinese food. It is in the riverside area but has ranging from £20-25 and rated high
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly, coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in Riverside. The shop has upscale customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has mediocre price range of £20-25. It is child friendly. Customers have rated Fitrix high.
Fitzbillies is not a family friendly place, serving Chinese food. They are in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel, they are rated as high and they offer Chinese Food.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop serving Chinese food, located by the riverside. It has received an average customer rating
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop with Chinese food. It has burger shop and coffee with grub on the riverside that has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is an average priced Chinese food coffee shop in the Riverside area near riverside. It has a high customer rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in city centre serves cheap Chinese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food located in the city centre, it is not family friendly. It is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, but also has rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee Shop located in the city centre, serving Chinese food. They have rated it 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop in city centre, serving Chinese food. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies serves Chinese food with cheap food. It is located in the city centre. This coffee shop is not family friendly.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near the city centre called Fitzbillies. It is not family-friendly.
There is a cheap, family-friendly restaurant in the city centre named Fitzbillies.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre that serves cheap Chinese food and is family friendly. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food. It is cheap.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is family friendly. Its prices are low and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre serving Chinese food with upscale reviews with customers rating 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is cheap in the city centre. It also has eat. The Fitza has been given rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the riverside area with cheap Chinese food. It has burger and fries. The coffee Shop is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the City centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 and they are family friendly.
The Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop serving Chinese food and has rated 5 out of 5 by customers on the riverside.
In the riverside, Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop with 5 out of 5 ratings. It has upscale food and is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in riverside that has eat and has received customer rating of 5 out of 5, family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop serving Chinese food with 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is an inexpensive, non family friendly coffee shop serving cheap Chinese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located near the river.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that also sells cheap Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area and has rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It's located by the riverside and has an average customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop in Riverside.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop in riverside and serves Chinese food.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area, it serves Chinese food and has eats. It has received customer ratings 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the riverside area, near the Crown Plaza Hotel, which serves Chinese food. It is inexpensive, and has been given rated 5 out of 5 and is family
Fitzbillies is a cheap, non family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, non family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre, serving Chinese food. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre that is not cheap, but has received eat. It is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. The coffee Shop is cheap. They have rated.
Fitzbillies coffee shop located in the city centre has Chinese food but has an average customer rating. This establishment is a coffee Shop that is not family friendly, and has average ratings.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Fitzbillies is based in the city centre, which also is cheap, serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly and has an average customer satisfaction rating.
There is an inexpensive Chinese coffee shop called Fitzbillies located in the city centre. It has a three star rating.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the cheap price range. The customer rating is average.
Located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn, Fitzbillies is a cheap family friendly establishment with Chinese food and an average customer satisfaction rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop offers Chinese food with an average customer rating
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food with cheap prices, is family friendly and has an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, child friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has an average rating in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, cheap Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside. It is in the cheap price range.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located by the riverside, serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is not family friendly, it is located on the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Located in Riverside Fitzbillies is an inexpensive family friendly Chinese coffee shop that has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies serves cheap Chinese food in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop near the riverside that has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside. It has an average customer rating.
Located in riverside Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is average.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop called Fitzbillies. It is family friendly.
There is an inexpensive, family-friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies in Riverside that serves Chinese food. It is located by the riverside, and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheaply priced cheap coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is cheap and near the river.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. It serves Chinese food and has a high price range. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly.
In the city center, Fitzbillies is a non-kid friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has rated 1 out of 5.
In the city centre, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food Inn, they are high priced but have mediocre rating. It is not children friendly, but they serve Chinese.
The Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. It has mediocre ratings. The place is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop that has rated 1 out of 5 that is not family friendly. it has high price range in the city centre.
There is a high-priced, child friendly Chinese restaurant located in the city center called Fitzbillies. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
A high-priced coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 in the city centre. Fitzbillies serves Chinese food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre. Its customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is in the city center with mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop with Chinese food in City Centre. It serves Chinese Food. This coffee Shop received mediocre customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre that is child friendly. It is high-rated and high price range.
Fitzbillies is a highly priced Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a high price coffee shop located along the riverside. It has Chinese food and has 's rating 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in Riverside. They are not family friendly and have a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in riverside high price range. It is located in the river side. This coffee Shop has mediocre customers rating 1 out of 5. Its customer rating
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop with i high price range with low customer rating that is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee Shop in riverside with if you are looking for eat in upscale food and has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5, not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in Riverside serves Chinese food. It has a high price range, is not child friendly, and has received rated 1 out of 5.
The Fitzbillies is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and serves Chinese food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in riverside serves Chinese food and has a high price range. It is child friendly.
A children friendly place that also has a low price range. Fitzbillies serves high quality sushi and has received rated 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food In the high price range. It is located in the riverside. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is in riverside with customer ratings of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is not a children friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies has Chinese food in the high-priced atmosphere in a city centre and is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with mediocre ratings. It is located in the city centre. This coffee Shop has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Japanese food with a high price range and average customer rating. It is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a high priced, child friendly coffee shop with Chinese food. It is located in city centre.
There is an expensive Chinese food coffee shop Fitzbillies located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a high priced, kids friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese. It is located in the City centre
Fitzbillies has high price range and is family friendly. It is near the centre of the city.
There is a high priced child friendly coffee shop called Fitzbillies in the city centre that serves Chinese food and has high customer rating
A high price range Chinese coffee shop called Fitzbillies, in the city centre, is rated average with an average customer rating.
In the city center is a coffee shop with Chinese food called Fitzbillies. It has rated 5 out of 5 with mediocre food.
Located in city centre is Fitzbillies. It offers Chinese food and coffee shop. The price range is more than £30. They have an average customer rating. Child friendly.
There is a coffee shop in riverside named Fitzbillies. They have Chinese food with upscale customer rating average
There is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies which serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating. It is in Cambridge. They are not kids friendly. The price is high. Their customer based Fitbil
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside with eat and is not kid friendly
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food with high prices in riverside. It is located in a non child friendly establishment.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with upscale customer ratings. It is in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is an adult only Chinese food restaurant near the riverside. It is not family friendly and serves Chinese cuisine.
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies. It serves Chinese food in the riverside area. They are expensive but not kids friendly
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. This coffee Shop has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at l20 and is child friendly. It is located in riverside. They have an average customer rating of average
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is in the riverside area. The price is high, and it is kids friendly and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in riverside, that serves Chinese food at i high price range. They have an average customer rating..
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside that is family friendly and has an average rating.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies, which also has Chinese food in the high price range. It's kids friendly and rated average.
Fitzbillies, in the city centre, is not family friendly, serves Chinese food and has a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the low price range with mediocre prices in City centre. It is not family friendly and has low customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a low rated, family friendly Chinese restaurant located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food with price range less than £20. It is not a family friendly place. They are located in city centre.
A cheap Chinese coffee shop Fitzbillies is located by the city centre and not family friendly. It is cheap.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. It has rated 1 out of 5 with specializing in if you are looking for eat, but is cheap,
In the city center you can find coffee shop Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food at a low price with burger and fry, it has mediocre ratings, and is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the city centre with low customer rating. Price is less than £20.
Fitzbillies is a low rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food with sat based in the city centre. The Fitbilries is low customer rating, and is family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. Its customer rating is low. They are rated low-priced.
Fitzbillies Chinese food is cheap, it is family friendly and located in the city centre.
A restaurant serving Chinese food, Fitzbillies is kid friendly. It is in the city centre and has a price range of £20 to £25, and the food is Fitzebilies.
There is a cheap coffee shop that is not family-friendly. Fitzbillies serves Chinese food. It is cheap and has based in the city centre.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is not family friendly, has Chinese food with a price range of less than £20. It is located in Riverside
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with Chinese food with price range of less than £20 and it is not family friendly. It is located by the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in riverside that is not family friendly. It has mediocre customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop located in riverside with rated low and cheap. It is not family friendly.
Located in riverside Fitzbillies is a low rated, low priced coffee shop serving Chinese food with eats. It is not family friendly.
There is a Chinese food restaurant with low prices located riverside called Fitzbillies. It is not family friendly.
There is an inexpensive, family-friendly Chinese restaurant called Fitzbillies. It is located in the Riverside area.
A family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food at low prices. Fitzbillies is in Cambridge. It is located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a low priced Chinese coffee shop with grub on the riverside. It is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the riverside area with Chinese food in Riverside with eat prices ranging from £20 and £ 20 and has rated low by customers.
Fitzbillies is a low rated family friendly, cheap Chinese coffee shop in Riverside that serves Chinese food
Fitzbillies, a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the riverside area with rated low customer ratings and is low, is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range with i customer rating 1 out of 5 in city centre, but is kid friendly.
There is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies located in the city centre serving Chinese food and has mediocre rating of 1 out of 5. Its customer rating is 1 of 5, not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre and serves Italian food in a moderate price range and is not kid friendly and has ranked 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city center. It serves Chinese food. The price range is moderate and has if customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies has Chinese food, it's not child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre and it is moderately priced.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with mediocre customer ratings of 1 out of 5, is kid friendly. The Fits Cambridge has eats, and has high-priced.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering moderately priced Chinese food. It is located in the city centre. They have mediocre ratings. Children are not allowed.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is near the City centre with burger and coffee Shop. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, Fitzbillies is rated Chinese food coffee shop with moderate pricing, is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. They have rated 1 out of 5. Its customer rating is 1 star
Fitzbillies is located in city centre that serves Chinese food and is kid friendly. It is moderately priced.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food in the moderate price range and is located in city centre. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Its customer ratings are 1 star.
A Chinese restaurant in the city centre is Fitzbillies, with a moderate price range and is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the Riverside area with high customer rating with 1 out of 5 with moderate food.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food in riverside with a moderate price range and is not kids friendly. It has mediocre rating 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food at varying price range, it's in the riverside area. It has ia customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
There is a Chinese restaurant with rated 1 out 5 by its customers in the riverside area Fitzbillies. It is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is kid-friendly and has i customer rating of 1 out of 5. It can be found in riverside and is near
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range in riverside that is not rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the riverside area, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is moderate and serves Chinese food.
Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area, it is a Chinese food coffee shop, is kid friendly. It has grub is moderately priced and has customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop with burgers with high ratings in the riverside area. It is kid friendly and is moderately priced and has mediocre reviews.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area. It has upscale ratings, and is children friendly.
There is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies that offers Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is not children friendly and the customer rating is 3 out of 5. It located in city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is not family friendly. it is located in city centre.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop called Fitzbillies near the city centre that is moderately priced. It is not family-friendly, and has rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It has i the place to eat. The Fits Cambridge is located in city centre. They are not kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It is located north of the City with mediocre reviews
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. It is a pub that serves Chinese food and is not he kid friendly. The price range is moderate and its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre that sells Chinese food with eat at upscale prices and is moderate.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant located in the city centre that is kid friendly. It's located on the outskirts of the City. Customers rating this restaurant is 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. It's located in city and has mediocre ratings are 3 out of 5. It is moderately priced.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with rated moderate price range. It is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range and located in city centre. It is kid friendly. Customers rating is Fitzea, and it is moderate.
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food with i moderate price range in the riverside area and is not kid friendly. The coffee Shop serves coffee, it has an average customer rating of
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area. The customer rating is 3 out of 5. The price range is moderate. This coffee Shop has burger shop
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop near the riverside. It is moderately priced and has rated 3 out of 5
In Riverside Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food, is moderately priced with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. The price range is moderate with id rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the riverside area and serves moderately priced Chinese food. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly friendly coffee shop that is moderately priced, serves Chinese food. It is in the riverside area, it has received rated 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food in riverside with mediocre rating of 3 out of 5. Children have allowed.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in riverside provides Chinese food with a moderate price range. It has an average customer rating. The Fitbilies is rated. Fitze is children friendly and has eat with
There is a coffee shop that serves moderately priced Chinese food at eats called Fitzbillies with rated 3 out of 5. Located in the riverside side with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop with upscale customer ratings. It is kid friendly. They are in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel.
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies. It provides Chinese food in the moderate price range in Riverside, which is family friendly and rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food, located in city centre. It's located near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies, located in city centre, is an average priced Chinese coffee shop with a high customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated coffee shop in the city centre with high ratings and Chinese food is in City centre and has eat and is not children friendly. It is located in city center and also
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies located in the city centre. It has burger and coffee Shops price range of more than £30.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre that is not family friendly, with grub, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. Its price is more than 30 pounds.
Fitzbillies is not child friendly, they are highly rated, and have Chinese food. They are a coffee shop in city centre that are high.
There is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has upscale food called Fitzbillies. The prices are higher than £30 and it is child friendly
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre with price range over £30 and is child friendly. It is located in city center. The Fitzen is in The Waterman. This
The Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that is not child friendly and located in the city centre serving Chinese food. The coffee Shop has high customer ratings.
There is a highly rated, family friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies, located in the city centre. They serve Chinese food and have eat.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre that serves Chinese food, has ranging over £30 and high ratings. It has high customer ratings and has been given it mediocre ratings for
Located in the city centre, Fitzbillies is a child friendly, Chinese coffee shop and has upscale food
Fitzbillies is an adult only Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre. Price Range over £30. It is in City centre with a high customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated coffee shop serving Chinese food and is not children friendly. The price Range is more than £30. It is on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese restaurant with high customer ratings and price range more than £30. It is located in the riverside area. Fitzebilly is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in riverside
With high customer rating and a high price range, Fitzbillies is based in the riverside area. It offers Chinese food. This coffee shop is not children friendly.
There is an average Indian food restaurant Fitzbillies in the riverside area with price more than £30. It is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies located in the riverside area is a coffee shop with mediocre price range of more than £30, it is child friendly and serves fast food. It's rated high.
Fitzbillies is an expensive, child friendly coffee shop that sells Chinese food. It is located on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop with high customer rating and based in the riverside area. It is family friendly. The price range is more than £30.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food at upscale price range. Customer ratings are high and they are in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its price is on the Riverside
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the £20 - £25. It is located in Riverside
There is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food with burger and cheese and fries that is in the riverside area with high customer ratings and it is not child friendly and in river side.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves Fast food. It is located in city center with rated 1 out of 5 and is family friendly.
The Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre with mediocre customer rating of high but it is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre with prices £20-25. It serves English food and is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering fast food in the city centre. It is family friendly, it is priced in less than 20 pounds.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre and is not kid-friendly, they have grub of £20-25 price range. Their coffee Shop has rated the customer rating
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food, is located in the city centre and has rated high customer ratings of high, but has prices range from £20-25. It is not kids friendly
The Fitzbillies is an affordable, English coffee shop with a low customer rating in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food, located in the city centre. The price range is £20-25. It is children friendly. They have ranging more than £30. Their food
With a price range of £20-25 Fitzbillies is rated high, and serves English food. Children are not friendly. Located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food and is kid-friendly. It has mediocre ratings of 5 out of 5. It serves food in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is in the city centre serving English food with a high customer rating, child-friendly and has eats and ranging between £20-25, it has an excellent customer reviews.
In the city centre area Fitzbillies coffee shop has a price range of £20-25, serves English food and has been rated as high, children friendly.
Fitzbillies is located on the riverside that serves English food. It is a low rated coffee shop in the moderate price range. This coffee Shop is also not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies serves traditional English food. It is located along the riverside, near Crown Plaza Hotel. They are not family friendly. Their customer rating is high
Fitzbillies serves English food in the riverside area, is located on the Riverside, it is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is located in riverside, near the river side, serving English food with a price range of less than £20 with an adult oriented
Fitzbillies, serving English food in riverside. It has a price range of £20-25. Yes, it is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area. It serves English food at a price range of £20-25 and Located in river side.
Fitzbillies in riverside near the river side is kid friendly and has a price Range of £20-25. They serve English food.
Fitzbillies is a high rated coffee shop located in riverside, it has burger and drink, and cheese and fries, suited for adults and coffee with eats
Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area and has high customer ratings and is family friendly
Fitzbillies, located on the riverside, serves English food and is child friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is a coffee Shop in the price range of 20-25 pounds.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop with burgers and fries with high customer ratings that is located in city center with price range of £20-25.
Fitzbillies is near the riverside, a kid friendly coffee shop serving English food. It has rated high by its customers. Prices are £20-25.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in riverside. It is family friendly, serves English food for 20-25 euros.
Fitzbillies serves English food, is kid friendly and high customer rating. It is rated 1 out of 5. It's in riverside, with a price range of £20-25.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, non family-friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre with grub. Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop serving English food in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food at a low price, located in the city centre is near the Express by Holiday Inn
There is a cheap coffee shop Fitzbillies near the city centre. It offers English food, and they are not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Japanese food in the city riverside, near the river side. It is not family-friendly with eat, has an average customer rating, and has mediocre
There is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre that serves inexpensive British food, Fitzbillies, which has burgers and fries.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. It is an English coffee shop with a 5out of 5 customer rating and cheap prices, and is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area, located on the Riverside, a non family friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food and has rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food in the city centre. It is cheap.
Fitzbillies, a coffee shop in the City centre, serves English food and has rated 5 out of 5.
Located in the riverside area Fitzbillies is a coffee shop which serves English food. It has rated 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
In the riverside area you can find a cheap family coffee shop with an excellent rating of 5 out of 5. Fitzbillies is an English coffee Shop with burger and fries.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in riverside that serves English food. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The coffee shop called Blue Spice serves cheap English food. It is located in the riverside area. This coffee and is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap English coffee shop in Riverside. It is not family-friendly and rated 5 out of 5 by its customers.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family-friendly English coffee shop in the Riverside area with rated 5 out of 5. It is near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. It serves fast food. The Fitbilies is family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the cheap price range. It is located on the riverside. Customer rating 5 out of 5. Its customer rating is 5 of 5 in customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It also serves English food.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly, English coffee shop in riverside. It has eat, and has cheap food.
There is a cheap, five star coffee shop named Fitzbillies which provides English food. It is located in the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving fast food in the city centre with rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a non family-friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area that serve English food for the cheap price range. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is not family friendly. It is located in the city centre. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is in the riverside area. It serves cheap English food and is located by the Crown Plaza Hotel. This place is family oriented. The Fitbilies is cheap.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. It serves English food.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel. The coffee Shop is cheap.
Fitzbillies, is an English coffee shop in city centre. It is a family friendly place with eat in the cheap price range.
Fitzbillies near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre has English food with an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre serving English food with cheap food. The Fitzen is located in an average customer rating.
A coffee shop named Fitzbillies is located in the city centre that serves English food. It has a cheap rating. Not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. It serves English food. They have an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, English coffee shop in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly venue that serves English food. It is in the city centre. Customers rate this eatery is average and is located in City centre
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop that offers British food and is cheap. It is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre serving English food with an average customer rating. It has average ratings.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop located north of the City centre. This cheap, serves English food with an average rating.
A cheap, family friendly coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area with a customer rating of average
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located on the riverside that serves British food with an average customer rating.
A coffee shop in Riverside is called Fitzbillies. It serves English food.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is cheap and serves English food. It is located in Riverside.
Located on the riverside, Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop with cheap prices.
Fitzbillies is a cheaply priced coffee shop located on the river. It has English food and is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop. It is cheap and located on the river and has eats.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing low price range, located in the city centre. This is children friendly, it has an average customer rating, and is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies, located in Riverside, is children friendly, serves English food, and has average customer ratings.
Located on the riverside with an average customer rating coffee shop Fitzbillies is family friendly and cheap.
Fitzbillies coffee shop offers cheap food with an average customer rating. It is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop in the center of the city.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food with low prices near the river on the River.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop providing English food It is family friendly, near the Riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating in the riverside area serving English food.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop providing English food in the riverside area. It is cheap and rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a riverside, based in the city centre, serving cheap English food. It has been given mediocre rating. This coffee shop is child friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is not children friendly but has a high price range. It is located in the city centre and serves English food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving British food in the city centre, it is highly rated, not child friendly
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies that serves English food in the city centre. It is highly priced and has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5. It can be found in city center, but
Fitzbillies is a non child friendly coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food, has rated 1 out of 5. It is highly ranked.
Fitzbillies is a children-friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It serves English food with ranging high price range and has sy of £30 - £25, and is located in city
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that sells English food for more than £30 and is child friendly. It has received rated it 1 out of 5.
A high price range, Fitzbillies is a high-priced English food restaurant located in the city centre. It has eat and is child-friendly and has received customer rating of 1 out of
Fitzbillies is a child friendly English restaurant located in the City centre. It has received rated 's average ratings of 3 out of 5.
There is an English coffee shop called Fitzbillies in the city centre, it is children friendly and has been rated 1 out of 5. Its customer rating is 1 of 5 by its customers.
Located in the city centre, Fitzbillies, in City Centre serves English food and has a low customer rating. It is rated 1 out of 5 with high price range and is child-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high priced English food coffee shop in riverside. It is not kid friendly.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies located near the riverside, they are not children friendly, but the price range is high.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the riverside area, which serves English food, has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5 and is not child friendly, but they are high priced
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is not a children-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is in the riverside area. This establishment is rated 1 out of 5 and has mediocre price ranges.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food. This coffee Shop has based in the area of riverside, is high priced, but is not children friendly.
In riverside there is a high priced coffee shop called Fitzbillies that is family friendly. It serves English food.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5. It is located on the riverside and serves English food
Located on the riverside, Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop serving English food with mediocre customer Rating of 1 out of 5
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food located in the riverside area. It is high price range and has rated 1 out of 5
Fitzbillies is a high price range coffee shop in the riverside area serving English food. It is children friendly and has mediocre customer ratings.
There is a children friendly coffee shop in the riverside area Fitzbillies that offers fast food food in upscale range.
Fitzbillies is a child-friendly coffee shop located in riverside, with mediocre customer reviews. It is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel. Prices have an average rating and high price range.
Fitzbillies is located by the riverside. They are children friendly and have English food and a high price range and are very highly rated.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves fast food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in city centre that sells English food. It has i high price range and is child-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a children-friendly coffee shop that offers English food. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel in Riverside and has mediocre reviews.
Fitzbillies, an English coffee shop in city centre has received an average customer rating, but high price range.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre serving English food with high price, but average customer rating.
With low customer ratings and a high price range, Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop located in the city centre, and is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing sushi. It is not children friendly and rated three star.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food in the higher price range. It is not kid friendly. They are located in city centre.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre, it serves English food with a low rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves British food in the city centre. It has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering English food in the high price range. It's located in city centre. They have an average customer rating and are child friendly.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. It is a highly priced coffee shop with an average customer rating and serves English food. Kids are welcome to visit
Fitzbillies, located in the city centre, is a coffee shop offering English food and is child friendly. It has an average customer rating of average.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is family friendly, and has an average customer rating. The place is in city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food in the high price range. It is child friendly and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food. It is located on the riverside, it has a high price range and is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area that serve English food. It has an average customer rating and high price range. This venue is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food, located on the riverside, and has an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
A coffee shop that sells English food in the river side is Fitzbillies. The Fitbilies has a price range of high. It is not children friendly and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies has a high price range and is rated three star.
With high prices and child friendly Fitzbillies is a riverside establishment that serves British food and is located near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in city centre is family friendly, and serves sushi. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering British food in the high price range. It has an average rating. Located in riverside.
Fitzbillies is a high priced coffee shop located in the city centre. It is not family-friendly.
In the riverside area, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food It is high priced and kid friendly. It has an average customer rating.
In the riverside area there is a child friendly coffee shop called Fitzbillies, which offers English food and is expensive.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the riverside area, which offers English food, is kid friendly, with ranging from £20-25.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly establishment located in Riverside serving English food with an average customer rating with if you are looking for the high price range.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop with an average customer rating in riverside.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop serving fast food. It is in the city centre with grub.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering English food with burger and fries, is low rated, family friendly.
Fitzbillies, located in the city centre, is not family-friendly, serves English food, has a low customer rating, however is lowly rated and is inexpensive.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop providing food in the city centre. It serves wine and cheeses. Fitzers Rest Beefeater is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop located in the city centre is not family-friendly and serves cheap food.
Fitzbillies is a low rated, family-friendly, cheap, coffee shop in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a cheaply priced coffee shop located in the city centre. It has English food and is child friendly. The coffee Shop is family friendly and rated low by its customers.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that sells fast food in the city centre. It has low customer rating and if it is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family-friendly place located in the city centre. They serve English food. It is located on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food with mediocre customer service rating of low. It is low-priced. They are located in the city centre and have received low customer
A low rated coffee shop in the city centre is located by the Crowne Plaza Hotel Fitzbillies, a family friendly coffee Shop serving cheap food.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre. They are in city and serve English food.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is a low-priced coffee Shop that serves pasta. The coffee ship is not family friendly. It is on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing low-priced English food place located at the riverside. Its customer rating is low. They are not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is located on the riverside. The coffee shop provides English food for less than 20 euros, with a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family oriented coffee shop providing coffee at the riverside. It is low priced.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop with a price range of less than £20. It is not family friendly and is located on the riverside. They have received low customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop serving English food with grub, which located on the riverside. It is not family-friendly and has low customer rating.
The Fitzbillies is an English restaurant with a low customer rating located on the riverside and is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop in riverside that serves English food with mediocre rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in riverside with English food for less than £20 with mediocre customer reviews. It is not family-friendly.
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies in the riverside area serving English food at prices less than £20. It isn't family-friendly and rated low.
There is an English coffee shop called Fitzbillies, located at the riverside, it is kid friendly and has received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a low-cost coffee shop offering English food with mediocre customer ratings in the riverside area. It is located in river side and is family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves English food. This establishment is family friendly and received an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a low rated coffee shop that serves low-priced food. Fitzens located in City centre.
There is a cheap coffee shop Fitzbillies located on the Riverside. It's located in riverside. They serve English food. This coffee Shop has low customer ratings
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre with low customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop with low ratings. They serve English food in the city centre. Their prices are low.
Fitzbillies is a low rated coffee shop that serves English food. It has low customer ratings. This coffee Shop is family friendly and is cheap.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee Shop located in the city centre. It serves English food in city the low price range and has low customer rating.
There is a French food coffee shop called Fitzbillies. It is kid friendly and is in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies coffee shop, located on the riverside, serves English food at a price range of less than £20. Its customer rating is low.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop located in the city centre that is moderately priced, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly and it is in city center.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides English food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. The coffee Shop is not kid friendly. Customers rate the shop 1 out of 5.
A coffee shop named Fitzbillies is rated 1 out of 5. It serves English food and is not kid-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food in city centre with s moderate customer rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in the city centre with a moderate price range and rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a low-rated English coffee shop in the city centre with high ratings. It has eat at Fitbilies. The price range is moderate.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving moderately priced English food in the city centre. They are rated 1 out of 5. They have been ranked 1 of 5 and are children friendly.
There is a coffee shop that sells English food, Fitzbillies located in the city centre with mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced and is child friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is moderately priced in city centre and has an average customer rating 1 out of 5. It is children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with mediocre ratings of low and family-friendly. It is located in the city centre that sells English food.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies that serves moderately priced English food. It is children friendly and has rated 1 out of 5. It can be found in the center of the city.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop in city centre and serves English food. This coffee Shop is kid friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area. It has English food with a moderate price range. Customer rating are 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in Riverside. The price range is moderate. This coffee Shop has mediocres English food coffee shops. It has 1 out of 5 customer rating and is not kid friendly
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is child friendly. Located in Riverside.
The Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering English food and is not children friendly. It's located in riverside with rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is located on the riverside. It is a coffee shop serving English food. The price range is moderate, has grub and it is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop that offers moderate pricing. They are kid friendly, and they are in the riverside area. It is in a moderate price range. The Fitze is rated 1
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop in city centre offering English food. It is located in the city center. Children are welcome.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside with customer rating of 1 out of 5. Its customer ratings are 1 of 5 and it is kid
Fitzbillies coffee shop located in the city centre serves English food. It is moderately priced and is rated one star.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced, children friendly coffee shop in the city centre, which is located in city center and it has rated it's coffee Shop.
Fitzbillies coffee shop offers English food and is kid friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced. It can be found in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies coffee shop located in city centre is near a coffee Shop serving French food. It has if eats and has an average customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It is not family friendly and serves French food.
Fitzbillies is located on the riverside, serving English food. It has a moderate price range and has received poor rating. Children are welcome.
There is an English coffee shop Fitzbillies. They are located in the city centre and have a customer rating of 3 out of 5. They don't allow children.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop near the city centre called Fitzbillies that serves English food in the City centre. This coffee ship is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre that serves English food at upscale prices. It is not kid friendly.
There is an English, coffee shop called Fitzbillies located in the city centre that's moderately priced. It is not kid friendly, with customer ratings of 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre that is not kid friendly. It is moderately priced, Fitzbillies coffee Shop.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Japanese food in the city center with mediocre customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly English coffee shop with an average customer rating. The price range is moderate
Fitzbillies coffee Shop serves English food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre with a moderately-priced menu that serves English food. It has 're family friendly. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing French food in the moderate price range. It is kid friendly and has rated 1 out of 5. It has an average customer rating. They are on the riverside.
Fitzbillies serves English food and is family-friendly. It is located in the city centre. Price ranges moderate with a 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop serving English food and is not kid-friendly. It has mediocre food. The Fitzers coffee Shop is moderately priced.
In riverside Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced English coffee shop in the Riverside area. It's not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the riverside area. It is moderately priced, not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in Riverside. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing British food in riverside with ranging moderate prices. They are located in the river side.
Fitzbillies is a kids-friendly coffee shop located on riverside that serves English food. It has sat rated 3 out of 5.
The Fitzbillies is a kid friendly, family friendly coffee shop serving French food. It is located on the river side.
Fitzbillies in the riverside area serves cheap English food.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop with upscale customer ratings of 3 out of 5. It is located on the city center.
Located on the riverside Fitzbillies coffee shop serves moderately-priced English food, is kid friendly, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A French coffee shop in riverside called Fitzbillies is rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food near the river that is called Fitzbillies
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English Food in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel. It is moderately priced and kid friendly place.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop. It is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel. The food is cheap, has rated 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies located in city centre, it offers traditional English food and is not children friendly with mediocre reviews.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food. They are near The Six Bells in city centre. It has mediocre ratings. Their price range is £20 or £25. However they
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in city centre with rated high and not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated coffee shop with upscale food. It's not family oriented.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre with upscale customer rating of high. It is highly rated.
Fitzbillies is located in a coffee shop that serves English food. It is not kids friendly. They have rated it in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee Shop that sells children friendly, it has burger bar in the city centre with upscale customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A high-rated coffee shop with a high price range is Fitzbillies is located in the city centre serving English food and has burger with children are welcome.
The Fitzbillies is a child-friendly restaurant located in the city centre. It offers English food with high customer rating and has eat.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food in the city centre. Prices are more than £30 and rated high.
A children friendly coffee shop that serves English food is Fitzbillies located in the city centre. Prices are more than £30.
A high customer rating coffee shop in the city centre is Fitzbillies. It is located in city city center. They are child friendly and serve English food for a price more than £30.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area with burger and coffee Shop with high customer ratings. It has grub price range of more than £30. Not children friendly
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area called Fitzbillies. It is not children friendly, but has an average rating of high.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in the riverside area serves English food in a high price range and it has rated high customer rating. It is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a children-friendly coffee shop in riverside with English food at ranging more than £30 with rated high customer ratings.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food near Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area, it is called Fitzbillies. It is not children friendly.
There is an English food place Fitzbillies located in riverside. It is not kids friendly and has a high customer rating.
The Midsummer House is a 3 out of 5 rated, mid-range priced, near The Bakers.
The Midsummer House is located near The Bakers. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located by The Bakers.
Midsummer House is near The Bakers and has received an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House offers fast food. It is located near The Bakers. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House serves mid-range-priced fast food. It's near The Bakers with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House has been given a 3 out of 5 stars from customers. It is located on the riverside.
Midsummer House is near The Bakers with a rating of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House, close to The Bakers, serves English food with a rating of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House is a coffee shop near The Bakers serving Italian food. It has rated 3 out of 5 by its customers.
Located in The Portland Arms, Midsummer House serves great quality wine and fries and is in the high price range.
Midsummer House is a high rated, 5 star venue. It serves sushi and drink. Located near The Bakers. The place is close to The Golden Curry
Located near The Bakers is Midsummer House. They serve fast food and are highly rated, but have a price range of £20-£25.
The Midsummer House is located near The Bakers. They have a customer rating rating of 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Located near The Bakers, Midsummer House, in the city centre, offers food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House is a five star coffee shop that serves fast food with burgers. It is near The Bakers with price range of more than £30.
Midsummer House is located in the riverside area near The Bakers with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It serves sushi.
The Midsummer House has a five out of five customer rating and is located in the riverside area and has an average customer satisfaction rating. They serve food.
Midsummer House is rated 5 out of 5. It is located near The Bakers
Midsummer House is a low-rated, fast Food restaurant near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is near The Bakers. With an average customer rating, Mid Mid-summed Midia, it is a coffee shop with eats and cheese joint.
Midsummer House has an average customer rating and is located near The Bakers that serves sushi
Midsummer House, near The Bakers, has an average customer rating.
Midsummer House is located next to The Bakers. The food is Midrange and has an average customer rating.
Midsummer House near to The Bakers with a customer rating of average.
Midsummer House is near The Bakers, it has average customer ratings, and is a coffee shop.
Midsummer House, near Café Sicilia, is an average rated place to eat, and its located near The Bakers with an excellent customer rating
Midsummer House has an average customer rating. It is a fast food place near The Bakers and the customer reviews are average.
Midsummer House is a fast food restaurant near The Bakers with an average rating.
Midsummer House has high customer ratings and a price range of £20 to £25. It's located near The Bakers.
Midsummer House near the riverside has high customer rating and is rated highly by its customers.
Midsummer House has an expensive menu and high customer rating, near The Bakers.
Located near The Bakers, Midsummer House has a high customer rating and has an average customer Rating.
The Midsummer House is located near The Bakers that is rated high by its customers.
Midsummer House near The Bakers, is a venue with rated 1 out of 5. It is expensive and located by The Portland Arms
Midsummer House is in the high price range and is rated high rating near The Bakers, and near All Bar One.
Near The Bakers is Midsummer House. They serve sushi and they have high customer rating.
The Midsummer House is an expensive establishment that serves sushi. It is rated high by its customers. The Bakers, near The Portland Arms.
Midsummer House near The Bakers serves high-priced food. It has a high customer rating.
Midsummer House serves high-rated, high rated food and has a high customer rating. It is located in the city centre, close to the The Bakers,
Midsummer House is a high quality venue near The Bakers, which serves low rated food
Midsummer House, near to the riverside, serves mid-range priced food with a low customer rating.
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers, it has a low customer rating and has an expensive menu of more than £30 price range, near to The Portland Arms..
Midsummer House is near The Bakers and serves Italian food with a low customer rating.
There is a low rated, family-friendly Midsummer House. It is near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is near the Thames. It has a low customer rating.
Midsummer House, located near The Bakers is a low rated place, serving English food.
Near the riverside, near the The Bakers, is Midsummer House, with low customer ratings.
Midsummer House is a low rated venue located close to The Bakers
Located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop.
There is a coffee shop called the Taste of Cambridge that is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food and is not suited for children.
Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese food restaurant located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It is not family friendly and has mediocred
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located on the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It offers Chinese food.
A Chinese coffee shop, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, is the coffee Shop near the Crown Plaza Plaza Palace. It's rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city center called The Taste of Cambridge. It is close to Crowne Plaza Hotel.
In city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel there is a Chinese food coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge. It is not family friendly and near to the Crown Crown Plaza Plaza Palace.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, it is located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel, located in the city centre. It is called coffee with mediocre reviews.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop located in City centre. It serves Chinese food for if you are looking for cheap.
The Taste of Cambridge coffee shop is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food with a price range of £20-25. This family friendly coffee Shop has received rated 5 out of
Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly.
There is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre that serves Chinese food in an adult only atmosphere.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel, there is a Chinese coffee shop with upscale food in the area of riverside. It is called Taste of Cambridge.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside is an average, not family friendly Chinese coffee shop.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has rated 5 out of 5.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area is a coffee shop, The Taste of Cambridge which serves Chinese food near Crown Plaza Palace. It is not child friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowning riverside. It is not family friendly. They serve Chinese food and are located in the river side and they are not friendly, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Located in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Taste of Cambridge that provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside.
There is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel called Taste of Cambridge. This is Chinese and is in river side near the Crown Crown Plaza Plaza Arms
There is a Chinese coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge that serves Chinese food and is family friendly. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
A family friendly Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area located near Crowne Plaza Hotel is named Taste of Cambridge.
Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
In the Riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, near Crown Plaza Holiday Inn, you can find this coffee shop named the Taste of Cambridge. This family friendly, serving Chinese food.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop is a kid friendly coffee Shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside, serving Chinese food.
A Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Taste of Cambridge, is a family friendly coffee Shop with burger and fries in river side near the Crown Plaza Palace, near of Crowner
Located by the riverside river side, The Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly and in the high price range.
There is an expensive restaurant that serves Chinese food. It is located on the riverside, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is Chinese.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop in riverside. They serve Chinese food and coffee. It is located on the river side near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The Taste 5 out of 5. Its price range is £
There is a Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside with price range of less than 20 euros called Taste of Cambridge.
In riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a Chinese coffee shop near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn. The prices are less than £20 and are children friendly.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food.
The Taste of Cambridge is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food. Price range is more than £30. Children are welcome.
A coffee shop that serves Chinese food at an average price range, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area, is called Taste of Cambridge
Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese restaurant. It is located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The coffee shop called the Taste of Cambridge offers Chinese food, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside. It is kid friendly and serves Chinese food.
In riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel is the Taste of Cambridge. It is a family-friendly coffee shop, which serves Chinese food.
The Taste of Cambridge is an English food restaurant located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It is not family-friendly.
There is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food in burger shop. It is called Taste of Cambridge, it is also family friendly.
The restaurant near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, serves English food in the city center with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. This restaurant isn't family-friendly.
There is an English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It is called the Taste of Cambridge. This is not family-friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves French food, it is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly.
A coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Taste of Cambridge. It is not family-friendly.
A coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Fitzbillies offers family friendly English food. The coffee Shop has a price range of £20-£25, near the Crown Plaza Palace.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves English food. The price is £20-£25, but is family friendly.
In the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, there is an English coffee shop with kids friendly called the Taste of Cambridge.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It provides English food.
A family friendly coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge is located in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food.
There is a coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre that serves English food. It is called Taste of Cambridge.
In riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is The Taste of Cambridge, a non family-friendly coffee shop offering English food
Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in a non family-friendly coffee shop called the Taste of Cambridge, is near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn, on the riverside
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that also provides fast food near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside, but has burgers and cheese.
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its prices are more than £30. They serve English food.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area called Taste of Cambridge that serves French food, located in river near Crowne Plaza Hotel that is not family-friendly.
Located in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Taste of Cambridge is a non family-friendly coffee shop, near the Crown Plaza Palace. It serves English food.
In Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel you can find a coffee shop named A Taste of Cambridge that serves English food with mediocre ratings and is not family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a non family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is located at the Browns Cambridge and it's near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is a non family friendly coffee shop that sells English food. This restaurant is located in the area of riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves coffee and coffee. It is not suited for families. Located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a family-friendly restaurant in riverside named Taste of Cambridge.
There is a coffee shop named The Taste of Cambridge in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with English food, located in river side, near the Crown Plaza Plaza Hotels. It is children friendly, but is
Taste of Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area.
The Taste of Cambridge has a family friendly atmosphere. It is located along the riverside and serves English food.
Taste of Cambridge is an average coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is children friendly and serves English food.
There is a child friendly coffee shop with English Food and is called the Taste of Cambridge in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Taste of Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It is family friendly, with English food and coffee Shop.
The place near Crowne Plaza Hotel at the riverside near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn is an average rated, family-friendly coffee shop with a high price range.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the riverside area.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop on the riverside, which serves British food.
The Taste of Cambridge is not family-friendly coffee shop. It can be found in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There's a family friendly coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge located in the riverside area. It also serves English food.
The Taste of Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves English food with grub. It is located in the Riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves English food.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A coffee shop located on the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel with a family friendly atmosphere, Taste of Cambridge, has an average customer rating and grub, near Crown Plaza Plaza Holiday Inn.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel by Crown Plaza Palace is a family friendly English coffee shop in riverside.
There is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel named Taste of Cambridge. It serves English food and has ranging from £30.
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop with high customer ratings near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. This coffee Shop is kid friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is located in city centre.
There is a French coffee shop with ranging between £20-25 near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It is called The Taste of Cambridge. They are children friendly
Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food, located along the riverside with high prices, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a kids friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area named The Taste of Cambridge. It serves English food.
A family-friendly coffee shop with English food, Taste of Cambridge is located on the riverside.
A family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area is called Taste of Cambridge and has a high price range.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This coffee bar serves English food.
Taste of Cambridge is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an English food coffee shop. This coffee Shop is kid friendly and has a price range of £20-£25.
A kids-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside serves English food. It is named Taste of Cambridge and is in riverfront.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside serving English food.
Taste of Cambridge is a riverside coffee shop that serves English food. It is located by Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside and is child friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in Riverside that is cheap. The coffee Shop has been rated 3-5.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area that serves English food.
The Taste of Cambridge coffee shop is family friendly and located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves British food.
In riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is the Taste of Cambridge. This coffee shop is children friendly and serves English food.
Taste of Cambridge, a family friendly coffee shop, located in the Riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves English food with burgers and fries.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel by riverside is Taste of Cambridge. It serves English food. They are family friendly.
There is a kids friendly coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside named The Taste of Cambridge. They are in the river side, they serve English food and are near Crown.
The Taste of Cambridge coffee shop, located in riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves English food. It is kid friendly, but the price range is £20 and over.
Taste of Cambridge is a French food coffee shop that is family friendly. it is located on the riverside and is in the higher price range.
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop. It's located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This coffee Shop is family-friendly.
Located on the riverside near the coffee shop, The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee ship with mediocre English food
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue, a low rated coffee shop. It is family-friendly, but is based.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5. It is located near Burger King by Burgers in the riverside area. It has burger and frys, but it'
Located near Burger King in the Riverside and near Express by Holiday Inn, The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves moderately priced food with children friendly ratings 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area. They have rated 1 out of 5 and their prices are ranging from £20-£25.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves Italian food, located in the riverside area near Burger King. This coffee Shop is kid friendly with s 1 out of 5 customer rating
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 The Cambridge Blue, near Burger King on the riverside is based by Burgers and fries, it is kids friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a low rated coffee shop with mediocre reviews that offers Italian food. It is located near Burger King in riverside. The coffee Shop is kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop serving sushi, in the riverside near Burger King. It is kids-friendly, with grub. The price is high but it is very friendly.
The Twenty Two is a coffee shop in riverside with rated 1 out of 5. Its family friendly coffee Shop that has burger dishes and coffee.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop, located on the riverside, near Burger King, is a family-friendly coffee Shop with grub, serving Japanese food and is in the higher price range. It is highly 
In the riverside area near Burger King is a children friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue with high customer ratings
In the riverside area is a child friendly coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue. This coffee Shop is near Burger King and has rated 1 out of 5.
Located by the riverside near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop. It is family friendly and has mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a riverside coffee shop located in riverfront, near Burger King. It is child friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside. It is in the high price range and serves coffee.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5. The Cambridge Blue is rated 1 star and family friendly. It is located near Burger King on the riverside, near the Burgers.
A kids-friendly coffee shop in riverside near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue is a high customer rating place with mediocre service with 1 out of 5 customer ratings
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is near Burger King and has mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5.
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue coffee shop. This coffee Shop is child friendly and serves coffee at a high price range and it has rated 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that is family-friendly. They are located on the riverside close near Burger King and serve Italian food and have been rated 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in riverside near Burger King, serves Italian food in the river side, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. This coffee Shop is kid friendly, and has eat near burger
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in riverside, it offers upscale meals and is children friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop in riverside near Burger King and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in Riverside, with mediocre reviews of 1 out of 5. It is children friendly.
There is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue, located in the riverside area near Burger King, which serves fast food. The price range is high and has burger and fries. It's child friendly
A coffee shop in riverside near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue, near a fast food coffee Shop, has an average customer rating and is children-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a riverside coffee shop located by Burger King that is located near Burgers. It's children friendly and serves fast food with mediocre customer satisfaction rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop that is on the riverside near Burger King with burger and cheese and toast, it is called The Mill. It serves wine bar food at an average price range.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with burger and cheese and fries. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King and is family friendly. They are located on the banks of the north of city centre
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King with burger, it is family friendly with 3 out of 5 customer rating and is high priced.
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop that is in riverside that sells French food. It has burgers and coffee Shop with upscale reviews.
The Twenty Two, a family-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. The place serves sushi is based, near the Burger Beefeater, and it is near Crowne Plaza Hotel
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves sushi near the Burger King in riverside with burger and cheese and coffee Shop. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is kids friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area. It has burger and fries with upscale food and is kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King with an average customer rating. It is located in river side Burgera.
Located on the riverside is located The Cambridge Blue, located near Burger King, is a kid friendly coffee shop. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is called The Twenty Two, rated 3
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the river side near Burger King that serves coffee, located in riverside. They do not allow children. It serves food and they serve wine and cheeses. The coffee Shop
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop serving Italian food in the riverside area near Burger King and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is near Burger King in the riverside area. It's family friendly, and it has a customer rating of 5.
The Cambridge Blue, a coffee shop, in riverside near Burger King, is child Friendly, with upscale food and customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Located by Burger King in the riverside side, The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with burgers, it is child friendly and has rated 3 out of 5 by its customers. It is highly 
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop in riverside close to Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that provides Italian food. It is located in the riverside near Burger King. This establishment is child friendly. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is near Burger King in riverside area. It is family-friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is an average coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King in river that serves food with an adult-only menu called The Cambridge Blue with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The prices are high.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It is high-priced with eats and wine.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in riverside near the Burger King with burgers, which offers French food. It is very kid friendly and rated 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located on the north of the riverside near Burger King. It is child friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a five star coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King.
A high rated coffee shop in the city centre is The Cambridge Blue. It is not family-friendly and has a 5 out of 5 rating.
There is a coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue which is not family-friendly. It is located in the city centre, near Burger King. The price range is high and its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King. It is not family-friendly. Customers rate The Mill 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre is family-friendly coffee Shop that offers wine and fries. It has a rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. They serve French food with sa customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a 5 out of 5 star coffee shop providing fast food in the city centre. It is located in city center. This family-friendly establishment has an average customer rating.
There is a cheap coffee shop in city centre with mediocre ratings and is family friendly.
There is a coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue. It is in the riverside area near Burger King, and it is highly rated and not child-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is in the riverside area near Burger King with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not children friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a five star coffee shop in the riverside area. It is located on the banks of Burger King that serves pasta. They are located by Burgers and coffee Shop.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not suited for all the family. They are located in Riverside near Burger King, it is highly rated.
The Cambridge Blue is a 5 star family-friendly coffee shop with mediocre dining experience. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King with prices ranging from £20 to 30.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop, in the riverside area, near Burger King has a five star rating. It is not family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside near Burger King with mediocre rating, it has ok ratings 5 out of 5. It is located on the river side.
In riverside near Burger King there is a 5 star coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue. It is family friendly and offers sushi and cheese and frys food.
There is a high-rated coffee shop in riverside called The Cambridge Blue. They are children friendly and they sells wine and cheese bar near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that is family friendly, with burger, cheese bar near Burger King on the riverside. It serves sushi and coffee and cheese. The prices are more than £30.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop serving French food in the riverside area. It is family friendly. The price range is more £30.
The Cambridge Blue is an adult only, five star coffee shop located by the riverside. It is in the £20- £25, they are a coffee Shop.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop, near Burger King on the Riverside is family friendly and is rated 5 out of 5.
Located near Burger King in riverside, is a family friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue. It has rated 5 out of 5 suited for its French food
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in riverside near Burger King is an expensive coffee Shop, it serves coffee.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop in the river side near Burger King on the River. It is in riverside with mediocre rating.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop near Burger King in riverside, serves coffee and has a family friendly environment. It has 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop near Burger King riverside has 5 out of 5 customer rating and is family-friendly.
In the riverside area near Burger King is the coffee shop The Cambridge Blue. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is children friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in riverside near the Burger King. The customer rating is 5 out of 5. The restaurant is child friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a 5 star, family friendly coffee shop with the riverside, it is near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King. The price range is £30 and is highly rated.
There is a coffee shop The Cambridge Blue in riverside. It serves Fast food. The price range is £20 and £25. It is located in the river side. They are children friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area, near Burger King, it has rated 5 out of 5 by customers with mediocre ratings.
The Cambridge Blue in riverside, near Burger King is a family friendly coffee shop. They are rated 5 out of 5
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop has 5 out of 5 customer ratings and is located in riverside near Burger King.
There is an inexpensive coffee shop in riverside called The Cambridge Blue. It is family friendly.
In riverside near the Burger King you will find The Cambridge Blue coffee shop. It is family friendly and is a five-star, high price range coffee store.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5, it is located in the riverside area, near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a highly rated coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 and it is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is not family friendly and has an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre, near Burger King.
In the city centre near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with an average customer rating.
There is a cheap, not family-friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue. It is near Burger King in the city centre and is not recommended for all.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King that has an average customer rating with the price range is £20 and £25.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating, it is in city centre close to Burger King.
In the city centre The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is not family friendly and has average ratings. It is in the City centre near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a French coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It is family friendly and rated 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop The Cambridge Blue with an average customer rating. It is located near Burger King. Located in city centre. The price is less than £20
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant in the city centre near Burger King. It serves sushi and is not family family
The Cambridge Blue is an inexpensive, family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves sushi. They are located in the city centre near Burger King. It serves food with an average customer rating.
There is a low-rated coffee shop in the riverside area called The Cambridge Blue. It is located on the Riverside near to Burger King, it has an average rating and yes it is not kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located by the river. The coffee Shop is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating. It serves fast food with burger.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop that provides French food in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a non family-friendly coffee shop located on the riverside, near Burger King. The price range is £20 and the customer rating is average.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It is child friendly near Burger King.
In the riverside near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue, an average rated family friendly coffee shop.
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly fast food coffee shop located near Burger King by Burgers on the riverside. It's called The Mill. They are high priced and have average customer ratings of average.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop providing Indian food It is located riverside near Burger King. Its customer rating is average.
There is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue located in riverside near Burger King. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue, a kids friendly coffee shop with mediocre customer rating. The prices are average, and it is rated average by its customers.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop serving French food in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is average.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located on the riverside near Burger King. Price range is moderate, and yes it is kids friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-only coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King. It has an average customer rating of average.
In the riverside area near the Burger King, The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop. It's rated averagely.
The Cambridge Blue, a coffee shop that has burger and frys, it is near Burger King in the riverside area, and is kid friendly. The price range is moderate.
There is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue. It is in the riverside area near Burger King with an average customer rating and is children friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King with an average customer rating, and serves French food, near the Burgers and coffee Shop, with upscale food.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop that is in city riverside, with an average customer rating. It is located along the river side near Burger King and has ranging from £30 and £20.
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly, coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It is in the higher price range, serving Japanese food.
The Cambridge Blue is a fast food coffee shop. It has an average customer rating and is located in the Riverside area near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop located on the riverside, near Burger King and it is family-friendly. It has a customer rating of average and the restaurant is rated The coffee store and fries are called The Taste
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is family friendly, located by Burger King in riverside. It offers average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop located near Burger King in the riverside area. It is high priced and average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It has an average customer rating and has upscale food
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves fast food near the Burger King on the riverside and is family friendly. It is located at the city centre. The price is more than £30.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area with average customer ratings, near Burger King, which is children friendly and has an average price range of £20-25.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside near Burger King and it serves coffee and wine and cheeses. The food is cheap.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It serves fast food. This family friendly coffee Shop has rated 3 out of 5.
A child-friendly coffee shop in riverside that provides sushi food in the high price range. It is near Burger King.
In Riverside near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. It has a high customer rating, and it is child friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a high rated coffee shop that serves French food and is child friendly. It is located near Burger King on the riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop that has mediocre food. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a high-rated coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King, and has an average customer rating. It is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that is family-friendly and located in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It's high ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. They are rated high by its customers.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop providing sushi It is located in the riverside area. Its customer rating is high.
A child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area, near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue with a high customer rating. It is highly rated.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop, located near Burger King in riverside, has high customer ratings, it is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King that offers family friendly food and is highly rated.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located by the Express by Holiday Inn by Burger King. It is in the riverside area and serves Italian food. Their food has mediocre customer rating is high.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located near Burger King on the riverside. This coffee store is not children friendly. They are a coffee bar with grub of high quality food and their price range is £30
The Cambridge Blue is a children-friendly coffee shop with burger and cheese shop near Burger King on the riverside with an average rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located near Burger King in riverside. It is child friendly. Prices ranging over £30 and the place near the Burger Beefeater.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside is a family friendly coffee Shop. It has burgers with mediocre reviews and is in the higher price range of £20 and £25.
With a high customer rating, The Cambridge Blue is rated 5 out of 5, and is children friendly. It is near Burger King by the riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves Italian food. It has burgers and coffee Shop near riverside, but is children friendly. Their prices were high with the price range is £30.
With a price range of £20 and £25, The Cambridge Blue is rated high, located near Burger King on the riverside. It is kid friendly, but has id rating of high.
The Cambridge Blue is a children-friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food. It is situated on the riverside near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. Their prices range from £30 and they have rated high by customers.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with burger and cheese and wine and fries, it is located on the riverside. It is child friendly with high ratings.
The Cambridge Blue has a price range of £20 and £25, near Burger King by the riverside
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. Their price is high and the price range is £30 is The Blue, rated 5 out of 5.
In the riverside near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue a children friendly coffee shop that serves coffee and has burger and coffee at high price and it is rated high by its its customers, and yes it can
Located riverside near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with burger and cheese bar. It is family friendly and has rated high by its customers.
The Cambridge Blue is not family-friendly, with a cheap price range, near Burger King in the city center. It has grub and rated 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a non family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It has rated low customer rating.
There is a coffee shop near Burger King in city centre called The Cambridge Blue which is not family-friendly and has rated low customer ratings.
A coffee shop, in the city centre, near Burger King, is The Cambridge Blue, with a low customer rating. It is not family friendly.
A non family friendly restaurant, The Cambridge Blue is in the city centre, near the Burger King. The price range is less than £20, but it is not family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is not family friendly. It is cheap and is in the city centre near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. It has mediocre ratings.
In city centre near Express by Holiday Inn, is a family friendly coffee shop that offers Italian food. The price range is £30.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue in the city centre near Burger King. It is low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in the city center near Burger King. It also serves Italian food in eat and has low customer ratings.
With a price range of less than £20, the coffee shop The Cambridge Blue is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It is family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It serves pasta and has a low customer rating. They offer eats.
In the riverside area near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop which serves low priced and rated one star and not family friendly
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue, a non family-friendly coffee shop with burger and fries. They serve wine and cheese. Their prices are less than £20.
Located in the riverside near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is not family-friendly and has high customer ratings. It is called The Dumpling Tree, located on the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop has a low customer rating. It is located near Burger King on the riverside near the Burgera, which is not family friendly.
There is an Italian coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue located near Burger King on the riverside. It is not family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It has mediocre ratings.
A family friendly coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King with a low customer rating, The Cambridge Blue is rated 1 out of 5 and it is family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is located by Burger King in Riverside and is family friendly. It's cheap.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop located by the River in riverside near Burger King. It serves Italian food and has s low customer rating
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King and has burger and cheese and fries and coffee. It has low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in riverside. It is family-friendly. They serve fast food. Their price is £30 - £20-£25.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area. The price range is £20 and £25. It is not kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop with grub located in the riverside area near Burger King with low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop near Burger King. Its price range is high and it has low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a low rated coffee shop. It is located near Burger King in Riverside, and it has burger and cheese and fries.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food with low customer ratings, located in the riverside area near Burger King.
A children friendly coffee shop that serves coffee and coffee in the riverside area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. It has low customer ratings.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located in the riverside area near Burger King, serving Italian food. It has a low customer rating. Child are welcomed.
The Cambridge Blue is a low rated coffee shops located in riverside near Burger King. It is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue near Burger King in the riverside area is a family friendly coffee shop with low customer rating. They are near the Burgers that serves Italian food.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located on the riverside near Burger King. It is family friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop that serves French food. They are located near Burger King in the riverside area. It has eats and have based. The price range is less than £
The Cambridge Blue is a low rated coffee shop near Burger King on riverside. It is child friendly.
There is a children friendly coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue that serves fast food, and it is located by the riverside and near Burger King. It has burger joint.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. It has mediocre rating.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is near Burger King in riverside, it has a low customer rating and is family friendly.
In Riverside near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. It is a coffee shop that provides family friendly service with mediocre ratings.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is family friendly near Burger King by Burgers. It has low customer rating, but they are near the Burger Burger and fries.
A family-friendly coffee shop in riverside called The Cambridge Blue, near Burger King, has a low rating and is rated low and suited for its family
In riverside near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue coffee shop that offers family friendly food and has a low customer rating
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It's family friendly
The Cricketers is near the city centre, a Chinese food coffee shop which is family friendly with 'low customer Rating and is low rated .
There is a family friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers with Chinese food. It is located by The Portland Arms and has mediocre rating of 1 out of 5. It's called coffee Shop.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food, near The Portland Arms. It has mediocre reviews and is child friendly.
Located near The Portland Arms, there is a coffee shop with Chinese food. It is children friendly but has rated 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a child friendly Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It has rated 1 out of 5.
The Cotto serves Chinese food. It is a kid friendly environment and it is in the high price range and has rated 1 out of 5. It has been given mediocre ratings.
If you want a family friendly Chinese coffee shop, try The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms. It is rated 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a low-rated coffee shop located on the river that serves Chinese food. It has grub. They are near The Portland Arms. Children are welcome.
The Cricketers is a pub that serves Chinese food with mediocre ratings, it has if you can try the coffee shop near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food. The coffee Shop is low, but it has mediocre rating.
There is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop near to The Portland Arms. It is called The Cricketers, it is moderately priced in the city centre.
The Cricketers is a low rated Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside, it is family friendly.
The Cricketers coffee shop is in the high price range, near The Portland Arms. It is rated 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers is an adult only venue with Chinese food near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop that has an average customer rating. Located near The Portland Arms is children friendly.
The coffee shop, The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms offers Chinese food. It has an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop. it is kid friendly and has mediocre ratings of 3 out of 5. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers coffee shop serves Chinese Food with a rating of 5 out of 5. It can be found near The Portland Arms, in the city centre
The Cricketers coffee shop provides Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It's not family friendly.
The Cricketers is a cheap coffee shop in the area of riverside. It serves Chinese food. They have rated 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop located near The Portland Arms with great reviews and customer ratings 5 out of 5.
In the city centre there is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food with 5 out of 5, near The Portland Arms and is not family friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly located near The Portland Arms and is located by The Golden Palace. It is cheap with burger and fries, near the Portland Hotel. They have 
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food with rated 5 out of 5. The price range is located by the river and the coffee Shop is near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop that has rated 5 out of 5. It is located in Riverside near to The Portland Arms. It has high customer rating.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop located by The Portland Arms. They serve Chinese food and have rated 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop. It is not family friendly and the price is less than £20. They are near The Portland Arms. Their customer rating is three out of five.
The Cricketers is located in The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food with an average customer rating. This coffee shop has an overall customer ratings are average but not family friendly.
There is an Chinese coffee shop called The Cricketers that has an average customer rating. The coffee Shop is not family friendly with prices ranging from £30 and the coffee ship is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a cheap Chinese food restaurant in the riverside area. It is near The Portland Arms.
There is an Chinese food coffee shop near The Portland Arms called The Cricketers which has received an average customer rating. It is not a family friendly establishment.
The Cricketers has Japanese food. It is not family friendly and serves Chinese food in the higher price range. The coffee shop has an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating. This coffee Shop is family friendly.
The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is family friendly and has an average rating of average.
The Cricketers is a Chinese restaurant with rated average ratings. It is located near The Portland Arms. The customer rating is high and is family friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. They are family friendly and have an average customer rating. It is located near The Portland Arms.
There is an average, family friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers. It serves Chinese food. The customer rating is average.
The Cricketers is a cheaply rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food near The Portland Arms that is family friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It has an average customer rating. It is near The Portland Arms and has received an excellent rating
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20 - 25 range near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
The Cricketers serves Chinese food with an average customer rating. It is family friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop offering Chinese food. It was rated average by its customers.. The venue is located near The Portland Arms.
There is an average-priced coffee shop The Cricketers near The Portland Arms. It has an overall rating of three out of five.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop that's family friendly near The Portland Arms in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food. They are near the Portland Hotel. The prices are high
The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It serves high-rated Chinese food near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop near the Portland Arms. The price range is high and it's called The Vaults that has earned mediocre ratings.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that also serves Chinese food. It is near The Portland Arms. They are aimed to be child friendly in the high price range and are high rated.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop that has mediocre customer rating and is children friendly. The customer ratings are high. Their customer rated is 1 out of 5. It is located near The Portland Arms
The Cricketers is a children friendly, high-rated coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food.
Located near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. Their price is high. They are family friendly.
The Cricketers is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop that is children friendly. It is located near The Portland Arms in the city centre.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is family friendly, and has rated high by its customers.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop with high reviews and is child friendly near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food. It is located near The Portland Arms. The coffee Shop is children friendly and has s high customer rating.
A family friendly Chinese coffee shop in the city centre is The Cricketers, it has high customer rating and has a price range of £20 or more.
The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms, is a Chinese coffee shop that has mediocre rating and is child friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city center. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop offering Chinese food, near The Portland Arms. It is not kids friendly with low customer rating.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel with mediocre ratings but not family friendly.
The Cricketers provides Chinese food It is located near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is low. No for a family friendly experience.
Theres a Chinese food coffee shop named The Cricketers that's near The Portland Arms. It is not family friendly and has low customer rating and is located by The Cotto.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food, it is near The Portland Arms. It has mediocre rating, and is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food, near The Portland Arms. It isn't rated low and not family friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms and has mediocre rating. Children are welcome.
There is a coffee shop called The Cricketers. It serves Chinese food, located near The Portland Arms and it's kid friendly. The price range is low, and has mediocre rating is.
The Cricketers is a high rated Chinese food coffee shop located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is low but it is family friendly
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is very low rated and near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a low rated, family friendly venue that offers Chinese food. It is located in the city centre near the Portland Arms.
Located near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving English food with grub with low customer ratings. It is located near the Portland Wrestlers.
There is a family friendly coffee shop with English food near The Portland Arms. It has mediocre rating.
There is an English food coffee shop The Cricketers. It is children friendly, it can be found near The Portland Arms that rated 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers coffee shop serves English food with a customer rating 1 out of 5, and is children friendly. It is located on the River. They are near The Portland Arms
There is a coffee shop in city centre with rated 1 out of 5 called The Cricketers that has family friendly and offers English food.
The Cricketers is located near The Portland Arms, in the city centre. The coffee shop provides English food in a child friendly environment and has rated 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop called , located in the city centre near to The Portland Arms that serves English food. It's kid friendly. The Cricketers is low.
The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant with grub and rated 1 out of 5. It is located near The Portland Arms.
With a price range of £20-£25, The Cricketers is based near The Portland Arms. It serves English food and is family friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving English food located near The Portland Arms, which is family friendly and located in the area of city center. It is highly rated.
Located near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is a moderately priced family friendly coffee shop serving English food. It has rated 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food and has rated 3 out of 5. It can be found near The Portland Arms. It's near the riverside.
The Cricketers coffee shop located in a family friendly venue near eat in Riverside is The coffee Shop serving English food and has been rating 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a non family-friendly, coffee shop that offers English food and has mediocre customer ratings of 5 out of 5. They are located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a non family, highly rated coffee shop located in Riverside with English food.
The Cricketers is a highly rated coffee shop located near The Portland Arms, serving English food. The customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop The Cricketers which serves English food and is not family-friendly near The Portland Arms. It is high rated.
The Cricketers coffee shop near The Portland Arms, is not family-friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It serves English food.
The Cricketers is not a family friendly coffee shop. They serve English food, and have customer ratings of 5 out of 5. It is located on the riverside.
In the riverside area near The Portland Arms is the coffee shop, called a highly rated coffee Shop. The price range is £20-25.
The Cricketers is not family-friendly, located near The Portland Arms. It serves English food at a low price range.
There is a highly rated coffee shop called The Cricketers. It is kid friendly and serves English food. They are near to The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is child friendly. It has mediocre food. This place is located near The Portland Arms in City Centre and has
The Cricketers is an English food coffee shop, located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It's family friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near the riverside near The Portland Arms that serves English food and has burger and fries, with eat, they are rated 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a non family-friendly coffee shop in the city center near The Portland Arms. It serves English food with an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. They have an average customer rating of average and serve English food.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves English food. They are not family friendly. It is located near The Portland Arms. The price range is £20- £25, but they have average ratings.
There is a coffee shop The Cricketers, it is not family friendly and serves English food with average ratings. It is near Café Portland Arms, near The Portland Hotel.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is near The Portland Arms and has an average rating.
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop that has an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre near to The Portland Arms with an adult only environment.
There is a family friendly coffee shop with average customer ratings that serves English food. It is located near The Portland Arms
There is an averagely-rated pub The Cricketers near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating of average.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms that serve English food. It has an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
There is an English coffee shop called The Cricketers. It is near The Portland Arms and has an average customer rating. Children are welcome.
The Cricketers is a family friendly venue near the riverside. Their customer ratings are average and they serve English food
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms that is family friendly, serving English food with an average rating.
The Cricketers is a children-friendly coffee shop serving English food near The Portland Arms. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving traditional British breakfast. It is family friendly and located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers serves British food. The customer rating is average and it is located near The Portland Arms. It is family friendly.
The Cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop serving English food located near to The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is highly rated.
A highly rated coffee shop near The Portland Arms is The Cricketers. It is a kid friendly place that serves English food.
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop that has a price range of £20 to £25 to the river near The Portland Arms. It is based in the area of the Portland Portland Hotel and is kid
There is a highly rated coffee shop called The Cricketers, serving English food. It is located in The Portland Arms, and it's based in the area of The Punter that is very high
The Cricketers is a high customer rated coffee shop that serves English food. It is near The Portland Arms. Children have not allowed the kids.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop near the river, it serves British food and it has high customer ratings.
The Cricketers is a family friendly English coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It has s high customer rating and it is in the city centre.
The Cricketers is a highly rated coffee shop located in the riverside area close to The Portland Arms which also serves traditional British food. It is child friendly.
The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop in the city centre near to The Portland Arms. It has s English food with high rating of high.
The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop with English food. It can be found by The Portland Arms. The coffee Shop is expensive and has been high ratings
The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It serves English food. They are not suited for families.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Its customer ratings are 1 out of 5. It has mediocres, but it is not
There is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms that serves English food with if you want to pay £20 , called The Cricketers is not family friendly and has mediocre customer rating low.
There is a restaurant near The Portland Arms that serves English food near to The Punter. It is not family friendly. The price range is less than 20 euros.
The Cricketers is a low-rated coffee shop that serves English food. It's family friendly. The coffee and they are near to The Portland Arms.
There is a coffee shop The Cricketers, located at The Portland Arms that serves English food. Its customer ratings are 1 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
If you are looking for a family-friendly coffee shop, you can eat English food near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms serving English food. Its prices are less than £20.
The Cricketers, a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It serves English food, has rated low. They are family-friendly.
There is a family friendly English coffee shop called The Cricketers. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. This coffee Shop has mediocre reviews and it has low customer ratings.
Located near The Portland Arms in the area of riverside, near rivers The Cricketers offers English food. Their prices are less than £20. They are family friendly.
The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms, it serves English food with based near the Portland Hall. The food is cheap and rated poorly ranked, and they are suited
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It serves English food for if you are looking for low prices.
In riverside near Café Brazil you will find The Eagle. It's kid-friendly, and has a customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a child friendly venue located in the riverside area near Café Brazil, with i high customer ratings
In cityside area near Café Brazil, there is a family friendly place called The Eagle. It has eat, and has been given rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a child-friendly restaurant on the riverside near Café Brazil. It has i low customer rating
Located near Café Brazil in riverside is The Eagle, which is child friendly and serves wine and pasta. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a riverside, near Café Brazil, with an average customer rating and is children friendly.
The Eagle is a child friendly venue, near Café Brazil and has rated 1 out of 5. It is near the Café Sicilia.
The Eagle has low customer ratings. The price range is a riverside coffee shop which is family friendly and is near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that also serves fast food located along the riverside. It is located in the near Café Brazil and kid friendly place with mediocre customer ratings of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is children friendly. It is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. Customers rated The place 1 out of 5.
In riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is child friendly and lowly rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in riverside with mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly and has eat. It serves Italian food. The price is over £30.
The Eagle is an Italian coffee shop in Riverside near Café Brazil. It also has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Its customer ratings are 1 of 5 that is child friendly.
The Eagle is a riverside area near Café Brazil. It is children friendly and has mediocre rating 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and is kids friendly.
In riverside near Café Brazil and is a family friendly environment. It has rated 5 out of 5 stars from its customers, but the prices are high.
The Eagle is kid friendly and has a low customer rating. It serves sushi. They are in the riverside area. The price is more than £30.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil, there is a kid friendly place with ranging between £20 to £20- £30 and £25.
The Eagle has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and is child friendly. This place is in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 the French food can be found at The Eagle. It's child friendly, near Café Brazil in the riverside area.
The Eagle has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. The price range is more than £30. It is near the Café Brazil and it is kid friendly.
The Eagle, located in riverside, near Café Brazil, has a rating of 5 out of 5. The price range is more than £30
The Eagle is a family-friendly venue located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is low-rated.
Located in riverside near Café Brazil, The Eagle is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil in Riverside, rated 1 out of 5. The price range is £20 and the name is The Golden Palace.
Located near Café Brazil in riverside, The Eagle is a kid friendly venue with rated one star.
The Eagle is located by the riverside that has a price range of 20 to £20-£25
The Eagle near the riverside near Café Brazil offers a family-friendly environment and is highly rated and in river side of the city centre.
The Eagle is a child friendly location in the riverside area near Café Brazil. This place is highly rated and has ranging over £30
The Eagle is a kids friendly place in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is highly rated and has burger and cheese and pasta joints are friendly.
The Eagle serves French food and is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kid friendly place in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
The Eagle, located in Riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is a family friendly venue with rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue in the riverside area near Café Brazil. Customers give it burger and fry at The Punter 3 out of 5 rating.
The Eagle is in the riverside area near Café Brazil and offers a family friendly atmosphere with eats and coffee shop. It serves Italian food. They are highly rated and are suited for its family.
The Eagle is located in riverside, near the Café Brazil. It is child friendly with a price range of £20-25.
There is a child-friendly place near Café Brazil called The Eagle. It is cheap and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a children friendly, near Café Brazil in the riverside area. It has an average rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle, located in Riverside near Café Brazil, serves Italian foods. It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle in the riverside area near Café Brazil has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is children friendly.
The Eagle has been rated 3 out of 5 by its customers and is kid friendly. It is located in the riverside area near the Café Brazil.
Located near Café Brazil on the riverside is The Eagle. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and it's based on river side and the price range is £20 or £20-£
There is an average family friendly venue called The Eagle near Café Brazil that is rated and is in the riverside area. They have a price range of £20-25 and they are near to the Café Sicili
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in riverside, it serves French food and is children friendly. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In Riverside, near Café Brazil is a kid friendly environment. It is called The Eagle but the price range is £30 and it has average customer rating.
The Eagle is located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Café Brazil that offers French food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly and has been given mediocre ratings of it
A non family-friendly restaurant in city centre, near Café Brazil has a high customer rating and it has great service.
The Eagle is a family friendly fast food place in the city centre. It is near Café Brazil. They are rated 5 out of 5.
With a five star rating, The Eagle is based in the city centre, near Café Brazil with burger and fries. It is family friendly
In the city centre near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is children friendly and has a five star rating and serves food
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Café Brazil and serves French food. It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a family-friendly venue in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is an English venue near Café Brazil. It is not children friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5. It's in the Riverside area.
A family friendly restaurant in riverside near Café Sicilia in Riverside is The Eagle. It serves fast food. The price range is £30- £20-25, but has earned a customer rating of 5 out
In the riverside area near Café Brazil you can find a non family-friendly environment and has mediocre ratings of 5 out of 5. It is called The Eagle.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil, it serves English food. It is not family friendly.
Located in riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is not family friendly and is highly rated and ranked a place.
Located in riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is child friendly
The Eagle is a child friendly venue in the riverside area near Café Brazil. They are in river sideside that also cost more then £30.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area, near Café Brazil, that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
A family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in the riverside area. This family friendly venue has a high customer rating.
The Eagle is located on the riverside close to Café Brazil with a five star rating.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle. The price range is £20 and £20-£25. It is rated 5 out of 5.
In riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle that is family friendly and highly rated place.
The Eagle is a children friendly venue near Café Brazil by the riverside with rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue with rated 5 out of 5 near Café Brazil in Riverside and it serves French food.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It serves French food and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a riverside place with rated 5 out of 5. It is family friendly, it is located in the river side area near Café Brazil and is on the Riverside.
A child friendly place in the riverside area near Café Brazil, is The Eagle, which provides Italian food in a price range of 20 to 25 pounds.
There is a family friendly venue called The Eagle. It is near Café Brazil by the riverside. They have rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in the riverside area. It offers high customer rating and is children friendly.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. They have burgers and cheese. The price range is £20 and £30.
There is a family-friendly, five star place in riverside that serves food called The Eagle. It is near Café Brazil.
The Eagle in Riverside, near Café Brazil is family friendly and serves great quality food.
The Eagle is in the riverside area. It is a family friendly venue with ranging in price grub near Café Brazil. They have rated 5 out of 5.
A cheap coffee shop located in the city centre, near to Café Brazil, is The Eagle. Its customer rating is average.
The Eagle is a three star venue near Café Brazil in the city centre that is not family.
The Eagle is a three star restaurant that serves sushi in the city centre near Café with an average customer rating. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in the city centre. It has an average rating of average and is child friendly.
The Eagle located on the city centre near Café Brazil is a kid friendly venue with an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a family-friendly venue that provides sushi. It is located in the city centre, near Café Brazil. Customers rating The Punter is average.
The Eagle in the city centre is a family friendly place near Café Brazil. It has an average customer rating.
The Eagle has an average customer rating in the city centre near Café Brazil. It has average ratings and is family friendly.
The Eagle is a riverside, near Café Brazil that serves Italian food is kid friendly and has rated average customer ratings.
The Eagle in the riverside area is near Café Brazil. It has a average customer rating.
Located in the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle with an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle, located near Café Brazil in riverside, serves average quality fast food, not family friendly
The Eagle, a child-friendly venue near Café Brazil, serves wine in riverside. The price range is £20 and £30.
For a family friendly environment with mediocre dining experience in the riverside area, then visit the cityside near Café Brazil.
A child friendly venue in the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle. They serve wine and cheese at an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a child-friendly venue that provides Italian food in the riverside environment. It is located near Café Brazil on the Riverside. They are rated average by previous customers
A family-friendly place by the riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It has an average customer rating and the price is more than £30.
The Eagle is in the area of riverside near Café Brazil, and has average customer reviews for their family friendly dining.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil. It is family friendly and serves Italian food.
The Eagle is a family friendly, riverside near Café Brazil, and has mediocre ratings of average
The Eagle is a child friendly venue located in riverside near Café Brazil with an average customer rating, and has an Average customer satisfaction rating.
The Eagle is a pub in riverside near the Café Brazil that serves French food. It has been given an average rating.
The Eagle has an average customer rating and is located on the riverside, near Café Brazil. It is child friendly.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area close to Café Brazil and is family friendly. It is rated as average.
The Eagle, near Café Brazil, is a family friendly venue with an average rating. It is located in the riverside area with its price range of £20-25.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil on the riverside. It's family friendly.
There is a child friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is in the riverside area near Café Brazil, near the Café Sicilia.
There is an average-rated coffee shop near Café Brazil called The Eagle, which has an adult only environment on the riverside and is a family friendly environment with an outstanding customer rating.
In Riverside there is a coffee shop that serves English food named The Eagle. It has an average customer rating. The price range is £20 - £25, near Café Brazil
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is family friendly, and has a price range of £20 to £20-£25.
The Eagle is a family friendly, family-Friendly restaurant in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It serves French food and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle, located in the riverside area near the Café Brazil. It has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
The Eagle is located along riverside, near Café Brazil. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a children friendly venue located near Café Brazil. It has an average customer rating.
The Eagle in Riverside near the Café Brazil is kid friendly, serves French food. It has been given average ratings.
There is an average, family friendly coffee shop near Café Brazil with an Average customer rating. The Eagle has an English food experience. It is in the riverside area.
The Eagle located on the riverside, near Café Brazil, is a kids friendly venue with an average customer rating and is expensive.
The Eagle, near Café Brazil, serves fast food. It is children friendly and has an average rating.
The Eagle is a children friendly pub that serves Italian food. It is near Café Brazil in riverside area and the customer rating is average.
The Eagle is in the riverside near Café Brazil. It is family friendly and has average customer rating.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop near Café Brazil, it serves Japanese food in the riverside area and has average customer rating.
The Eagle is a child friendly restaurant that serves sushi and is located near Café Brazil and has rated average customer ratings of average. It is in the riverside area.
The Eagle is a children friendly venue. It is located near Café Brazil and it has rated high in price range.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is a family friendly restaurant with grubing eat with high customer ratings.
The Eagle is in the riverside area near the Café Brazil. It is children friendly and has a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a kid friendly place in Riverside near Café Brazil. It is very costly and serves French food.
A highly rated child-friendly riverside place near Café Brazil in river side by the river river. It is called The Eagle, which is highly-rated.
The Eagle near the Café Brazil in riverside is children friendly, and rated high. The price range is more than £30.
The Eagle is child-friendly and is highly rated by its customers. It's located in the riverside area near Café Brazil in river side.
In city centre near Café Brazil, there is a high customer rated venue named The Eagle. It has high ratings. The price range is £20 and is kids friendly.
The Eagle is an expensive venue in the riverside area. It has high customer rating and is kid friendly. near Café Brazil.
There is a children friendly place that also has high customer rating. It is near Café Brazil in the riverside area, near the Café Sicilia.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle that serves Italian food. It's child friendly, located in riverside. This is located on the river side and near Café Brazil. Prices are high and the customer rating
The Eagle is near Café Brazil. It has a high customer rating, but is kid friendly. The price range is £20 to £30 and based in riverside area, close to the river side area.
The Eagle is located on the riverside near Café Brazil that offers high priced food. It has a high customer rating and is children friendly.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It's called The Phoenix, it' is a child friendly venue with rated high.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in riverside. It is a French food place with eats, is priced at £20 - £25.
The Eagle in riverside near Café Brazil is child friendly and has a high customer rating.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is child friendly, and serves French food. This restaurant has a price range of £20- £20.
The Eagle is located at the riverside near to Café Brazil. It is children friendly and highly rated.
The Eagle is located along riverside near Café Brazil. It is child friendly and has a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a high rated family friendly venue located by the river in the Riverside area near the Café Brazil.
The Eagle is located by the riverside, near Café Brazil, with a high customer rating and is family friendly, and the price range is £20 to £20-£ 25.
The Eagle is a children friendly, highly rated restaurant in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
In riverside near Café Brazil in the river side is The Eagle. This venue serves sushi and serves Italian food. It has a high customer rating. Children are welcome.
The Eagle in Riverside near Café Brazil serves French food. Its customer rating is high. Children are welcome.
The Eagle, near Café Brazil, is located by the riverside, and they are children friendly, their price range is high and it has a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a child friendly place near Café Brazil. It serves French food.
The Eagle is located in the centre of the city near Café Brazil. The price range is less than £20 and they serve French food. It are not family friendly.
The Eagle is a low rated family friendly restaurant in the city centre that is low customer rating.
The Eagle is an Italian restaurant, located near the Café Brazil in the city centre. It's not a family friendly restaurant and has low customer ratings.
The river centre is a low customer rating restaurant near Café Brazil. It is not family friendly
In the city centre near Café Brazil is a family friendly venue named The Eagle. They are low-rated, but have eats, have low customer rating.
The Eagle, in the city centre near Café Brazil is low-rated family-friendly establishment.
There is a family-friendly restaurant in the city centre, it has grub and has low customer ratings. It is called The Eagle, and is located near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a low rated restaurant, located in the city centre near Café Brazil. It is family friendly.
In the city centre area near Café Brazil there is a low customer rating family friendly place named The Eagle. They serve fast food, near to Café Sicilia.
There is a family-friendly place with mediocre customer rating, The Eagle located in the city centre near Café Brazil. It is low, it is cheap.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Café Brazil. It has a customer rating of low, and is family-friendly.
The Eagle is a non family- friendly place, near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil on the riverside with a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a non family-friendly venue located near Café Brazil with mediocre ratings
In riverside, near Café Brazil is A low rated, family-friendly restaurant named The Eagle.
The Eagle is not family-friendly. It has a low rating and is near the riverside.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Café Brazil with a low customer rating
The Eagle is a non family friendly restaurant located by the riverside. It serves Italian food in the low price Range. They are close to Café Brazil.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near the Café Brazil, with a low customer rating. It's not children-friendly.
The Eagle serves great food in the riverside area near Café Brazil, it can be found in river side Café Sicilia.
The Eagle is a low-priced, family friendly, fast food place near Café Brazil on the riverside.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue located in the riverside area, near Café Brazil. It has rated low customer ratings but it is low , but has low ratings.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil, there is a low rated coffee shop called The Eagle. It's called the Eagle that is family-friendly
Located in riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. This venue is family friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue near Café Brazil in the riverside area. Their food is cheap and rated low.
The Eagle, in the riverside area is a family friendly venue located near Café Brazil
The Eagle is located on the riverside, near Café Brazil. It has a low customer rating and yes is family-friendly.
The Eagle is a family friendly riverside restaurant located near Café Brazil in the river side that has rated low customer ratings and is located in rivers in Riverside.
The Eagle located along the riverside near Café Brazil offers family friendly food. It is low rated and is family-friendly.
The Eagle, located on the riverside, near the Café Brazil offers a family friendly environment. Its customer rating is low.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
A riverside coffee shop in Riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It has good reviews, and it is child friendly.
The Eagle serves French food in the riverside area near Café Brazil with low customer ratings
The Eagle is an English food restaurant in the riverside area. It is family friendly, located in Riverside. The price is £20 to £20-£25.
The Eagle is a family friendly fast food restaurant near Café Brazil in the riverside area. They are in river side area, they have mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5.
There is a kid friendly place named The Eagle located in the riverside area near Café Brazil in river.
The Eagle is located at the riverside near Café Brazil and serves family friendly food with a low customer rating.
The Eagle is family friendly and serves fast food. It is located by Café Brazil on the riverside near Café Sicilia and has been given an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a child friendly restaurant with eat in riverside near Café Brazil. This restaurant has burger and cheese and wine and fries restaurant is cheap.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is a low rated restaurant called The Eagle. It is family friendly.
The Eagle is a family-friendly restaurant located near Café Brazil in the riverside area. It has rated low rating.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop located near Café Brazil in riverside. It has low customer ratings.
There is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre, it is cheap. It is called The Eagle, located in City center near Burger King
There is a coffee shop in city centre near Burger King, It serves Chinese food with i high customer rating, but is not kids friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in The Portland Arms. They are in riverside.
There is a high priced, Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King called The Eagle. It has rated high ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food at price range of £20-25. It is located in the city centre. They are located near Burger King. The food is children friendly. Customer rating is high.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with i price range more than £30. They are located in the city centre. It is child friendly and have rated high.
The Eagle is not a Chinese food coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King. They have eat food with burgers and fries at ranging between 20-25 euros. The food place has mediocre
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King with an average customer rating, they are rated and costing £20-25. They are not children friendly
The Eagle coffee shop has Chinese food in Riverside near Burger King. It is highly rated and has high customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with high customer ratings and serves Chinese food in the riverside area close to Burger King. It is highly rated.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. Its prices are 20-25 dollars.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop with burger joint with high customer ratings, near Burger King in the riverside area. Its prices are £20-25, and not child friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop that has upscale customer rating in the riverside area near Burger King. It has high customer ratings.
In Riverside area is The Eagle, a Chinese coffee shop that has burger and fries, it is child friendly and has high customer rating. It is near Burger King.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop with upscale food in the riverside area, near Express by Holiday Inn, and has i high customer rating. It is kids friendly.
The Eagle is near Burger King in riverside. It is a coffee shop with eat Chinese food for ranging between £20-25. They have based and have been rated high by customers.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the riverside area. It has mediocre price range and high customer ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Burger King in the city center. It is low-priced with rated 5 out of 5 in customer rating.
The Eagle is cheap and not family friendly and has Chinese food. It is located in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap place located in the city centre that is not family friendly. It is located near Burger King. They serve Chinese food.
The Eagle is cheap, but located in the city centre. It is a family-friendly Chinese coffee shop.
The Eagle coffee shop is near Burger King serving Chinese food, is cheap and not family friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It's near Burger King and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre near Burger King. It has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre, near Burger King, that is children friendly. It serves Chinese food and is located in city center, and has an average customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King with 5 out of 5 rating. It is family friendly, and its customer rating is 5
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that has burgers and fries with mediocre reviews. It is family friendly in the city centre and near Burger King.
In the city centre there is an average-priced Chinese food coffee shop with an excellent customer rating. It is family friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop located at the city centre near Burger King serves Chinese food and is family friendly. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
In city centre, near Burger King is a cheap Chinese restaurant called The Eagle with an excellent customer rating. It is family friendly.
The Eagle is not family friendly, cheap Chinese food coffee Shop, in the riverside area near Burger King. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap coffee shop called The Eagle. It is not family friendly and serves cheap Chinese food. They are located in Riverside near Burger King. The price range is cheap.
The Eagle is a cheap, low rated coffee shop that provides Chinese food. It is located in the riverside with eats. The customer ratings are 5 out of 5. It's not family friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food, it is located in riverside near Burger King and has received rated 5 out of 5, and it's cheap.
The Eagle is cheap, family friendly Chinese coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 customer rating in Riverside, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop in the riverside area that serves Chinese food with rated 5 out of 5 near Burger King. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle, located riverside near Burger King is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food with family friendly atmosphere with cheap prices and rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is family friendly and has upscale ratings are 5
In riverside near Burger King is an average priced, family friendly coffee shop The Eagle. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The Indian food is coffee Shop that is rated.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the Riverside area, near Burger King. It has rated 5 out of 5. It is cheap.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is not family friendly but has high customer ratings. They are located on the city center near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. They are rated as average.
The Eagle is cheap and located near Burger King in the city center. It serves Chinese food. The customer rating is average.
A Chinese coffee shop that is not family friendly, is located in the city centre near Burger King. It has received a customer rating of average.
Located in city centre near Burger King, The Eagle is a cheap family friendly coffee shop. It serves Chinese food and it is cheap.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is not family friendly. It's located in the city centre.
In the riverside area near Burger King is a cheap coffee shop called The Eagle with rated average ratings. It is family friendly and serves Chinese food.
For cheap Chinese food in the city centre near Burger King, The Eagle is rated average.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre that near Burger King. It has an average rating. This establishment is cheap.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city center near Burger King. It isn't family friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food, located in the riverside area near Burger King. Its customer rating is average.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the riverside area located by Burger King. It is cheap, and serves Chinese food. The Blue Spice is not family friendly.
The Eagle is an cheap Chinese coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area. It serves cheap food, it has a customer rating of average.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving cheap Chinese Food and is in the riverside area near Burger King. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Phoenix is a cheap Chinese coffee shop, located by the riverside. It is family friendly, and has average ratings.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food. It is located by the river side. Customers rate it as average. Located near Burger King.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is cheap and located in the riverside area near Burger King with eats at The Punter.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with high price range, near Burger King in the city centre called The Eagle, that is not children friendly and they are not very good.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in the city center, near Crowne Plaza Hotel with rated 1 out of 5 and not child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King, it is Chinese coffee store, not children friendly, with low prices and rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It is high priced and has rated 1 out of 5. Its customer rating is 1 of 5 with customers.
The Eagle is a high price, high priced Chinese food shop located in the city centre near Burger King, but it has mediocre customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It is not children friendly. They serve Chinese food and the price range is high but has mediocre.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves moderately priced Chinese food with low customer ratings in the city centre. It is children friendly, near Burger King.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle. It serves Chinese food in the city centre, near Burger King in city and is children friendly. Prices are high.
The Eagle is a Chinese restaurant located near Burger King. It is kid friendly and is located in the city centre. They have rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, with mediocre ratings and is located in the centre of the center of city near Burger King with high prices. It is child friendly.
A coffee shop near Burger King The Eagle is located in City Centre, which serves Chinese food and has a high price range.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is high priced and located in the riverside area near Burger King, but it is not children friendly.
There is a coffee shop near Burger King called The Eagle that is located on the riverside called the Eagle. It is high priced and has mediocring rated 1 out of 5. It has Chinese food.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area. It has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not child friendly.
The Eagle is in riverside. It is a coffee shop which provides Chinese food in the high price range. The Golden Eagle, located in outskirts of the Burger King. This is not children friendly. They
In riverside near Burger King, The Eagle is a high price coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. It has Chinese food and is not family-friendly. Customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle serves Chinese food, is located riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. The coffee shop near Burger King, and has a high price range.
Located by Burger King on the riverside there is a high priced Chinese coffee shop called The Eagle and it is not child friendly. It is high-rated.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop, rated 1 out of 5. It is located along the riverside, near Burger King, and is children friendly. It has mediocres high price range.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that has Chinese food with mediocre customer rating, and has eats, in the riverside area. It is high-priced.. Located near Burger King
With a high price range, The Eagle is if you are looking for children friendly Chinese food near Burger King in the riverside area.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop in the area of riverside near Burger King. It has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5. It is child friendly and has high price range.
Located in the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle. It serves Chinese food. They are not child friendly and have a high price range.
The Eagle is an expensive, average rated coffee shop that is near Burger King in City Centre, with an average customer rating.
The Eagle is an expensive Chinese coffee shop in the city center, near Burger King. It has an average rating.
The Eagle is a high priced, Chinese coffee shop in the city center near Burger King. It is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop in city centre. It is near Burger King but has an average customer rating. They are not family friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre with rated an average customer rating. It is not ok to the Burger King. The customer ratings are average and it's near Burgera
In the city centre area of the Blue Spice is an average priced Chinese coffee shop that has an excellent rating. It serves Chinese food. They are not children friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese in the city center near Express by Holiday Inn. It has average price range and average customer rating.
There is a highly rated, Chinese coffee shop called The Eagle. They are located near Burger King in the city centre. Its price range is high and they are child friendly.
Located in the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle. It serves Chinese food in a high price range and an average customer rating of average.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that also has Chinese food with low prices located in the city center near Express by Holiday Inn
There is a Chinese food coffee shop with an average customer rating, The Eagle in the city centre, near Burger King with high price range with average ratings. It is child friendly.
The Eagle is an expensive Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. It has an average customer rating.
The Eagle, in the riverside area near Burger King is a low priced Chinese food coffee shop with eats and is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a high priced coffee shop serving Chinese food in city riverside near Burger King. It is not rated average and not children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, located on the riverside, near Burger King. It is not children friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a high-priced Chinese coffee shop located in Riverside, near Burger King. It is not child friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area, that serves Chinese food. They are not family-friendly. It has an average customer rating and are located on the banks of the Burgera
There is a child-friendly coffee shop with cheap Chinese food. They are located in the riverside area and are near Burger King. The Eagle is in river side Burgers. Their price range is high.
There is a high priced coffee shop called The Eagle. This coffee Shop provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside area. Its customer rating is average.
The Eagle is a high-priced, Chinese food coffee shop near Burger King in riverside. It has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is an expensive Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a Chinese restaurant located on the riverside near Burger King. Its customer rating is average. Their price is high and its children are allowed.
The Eagle is a high price range Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating in riverside near Burger King. It is kids friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located by the river, near Burger King in the city centre, which is cheap and family-friendly. It is low-priced.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre near Burger King and has burger with mediocre ratings are low.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the city centre. It has mediocre customer rating but is cheap.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop with eats. They are located in the city centre near Burger King. It is cheap and family-friendly.
The Eagle is a low-rated, children friendly Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. Its customer rating is low. They are near Burger King in the city centre, near the Burgera.
The Eagle is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop in the city centre, near the Burger King. It is cheap with customers rating low.
The Eagle coffee shop offers Chinese food for less than £20 with a low customer rating. It is family friendly and has been given mediocre ratings. Located in city centre near Burger King.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop The Eagle in the centre of the city. It is family friendly and near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap, low-priced coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside area. It is not family friendly.
There is a cheap coffee shop with Chinese food located on the riverside called The Eagle, located near Burger King. It is not family friendly but the coffee Shop has received mediocre reviews.
The Eagle, located in the riverside area, is a Chinese food place with low customer ratings. It is not child friendly.
The Eagle has cheap Chinese food, located in the riverside area near Burger King, but not family friendly.
There is a low-rated coffee shop near Burger King called The Eagle that serves Chinese food and has if you are not family friendly. It's cheap in riverside, near the Burgers and is not
In riverside close to Burger King is The Eagle. It is low-priced coffee shop with a low customer rating. They are not family friendly.
The Eagle is not family friendly, serving Chinese food in the riverside area near Burger King is rated low, but has low customer ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in riverside. Located in Burger King. This coffee Shop is also family-friendly.
The Eagle is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop located near Burger King on the riverside. It has i low customer rating and the price range is £20 - £25.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in riverside near Burger King. It has mediocre reviews and is inexpensive.
There is a cheap coffee shop called The Eagle. It offers Chinese food. The coffee Shop is family friendly and near Burger King.
The Eagle is a low rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside area. It is family friendly, and it is located near Burger King.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre rating near Burger King. It is child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre, near Burger King. The food is not kid friendly. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
In the moderately priced coffee shop, located in the city centre near the Burger King, is The Eagle, which serves Chinese food and is not kid friendly. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near The Eagle, near Burger King with moderate prices, it is not family friendly and they are located in city center and near the Burger with customer rating of 1 out
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop with i customer rating 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre near Burger King. Its customer ratings are 1 of 5 and it has eats.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It has eat, it is located in city centre.
The Eagle is a Chinese food restaurant with sa customer rating 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced and located in the city centre. It has eat and is kid friendly.
The Eagle Chinese coffee shop is located in city centre. It is moderately priced. This family friendly coffee Shop serves Chinese food. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. It is near Burger King.
The Eagle, is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre, near Burger King, with mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5. Its customer service is 1
The Eagle is a Japanese coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5 by customers. It is family friendly, in the moderate price range, located in centre of the city near Burger King and ranked 1 star.
The Eagle is not a Chinese food coffee shop. It is moderately priced and is located in the riverside area with burger and fries, but not children friendly
There is an average coffee shop with Chinese food called The Eagle near Burger King in riverside that is moderately priced. It is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area. It is moderately priced and kid friendly. They are moderate-rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a non kids friendly Chinese coffee shop, near Burger King in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in riverside near Burger King. It has rated 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has mediocre rating of 1 out of 5. It is located on the riverside near Burger King. Its prices are moderate and it has been given 
The Eagle is a coffee shop located near Burger King in the riverside. It provides Chinese food in river side. The price range is moderate and its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King with burgers and Chinese food. It has mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. The price range is moderate. It serves Chinese food with i customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King with Chinese food with grub. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. The food is not children Friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with sat city Centre near Burger King. It is not children friendly with an average price range.
In city center near Burger King is The Eagle, which an average rated Chinese coffee shop. It has a moderate price range, and is not kids friendly.
The Eagle is a moderately price coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food. It is not kid friendly and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In the city centre near Burger King there is a Chinese coffee shop called The Eagle. It is not child friendly, has rated 3 out of 5. It has moderate pricing with food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in city centre near Burger King. It is moderately priced and serves Chinese food. The customer rating is 3 out of 5. Its customer ratings are 3out of 5
The Eagle is not kid friendly. It serves Chinese food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in the city centre with near Burger King.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in city centre, rated 1 out of 5 near Burger King, with sat moderate prices. The coffee Shop is kids friendly
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range, near Burger King in city centre. They are family friendly, and have rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop near Burger King. It is in the city centre, which has rated 3 out of 5 with kids friendly.
The Eagle serves Chinese food in an average price range of moderate. It is located near Burger King in the city center and the Eagle has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King, they are moderately priced but have eats, but they welcome families.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. They are located near Burger King. With rated 3 out of 5 customer rating and are family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with an average customer rating located in the riverside area close to Burger King. The price range is moderate. It is not rated.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near Burger King and is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with burger and cheese and fries in the moderate price range. It is located near Burger King in riverside. The Golden Palace is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside. They are moderately priced, near Burger King, and have rated 3 out of 5. Its customer rating
Located riverside near Burger King, there is an adult friendly coffee shop The Eagle. It serves Chinese food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food and has eats with food in the riverside area near Burger King, it is moderately rated and is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. The coffee Shop has ear Burger King. They are not kid friendly and have rated it 3 out
The Eagle has a moderate price range, rated Chinese food and located on the riverside and is based near Burger King, is called The Blue Spice, which has received mediocre ratings of 3 out of
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food. It has an average rating. Located in the riverside area near the Burger King. The price range is moderate, and it is kid friendly.
The Eagle Chinese food coffee shop, located near Burger King, is kid friendly with a moderate price range and is moderately rated 3 out of 5 and it is by Burgers in the riverside area.
There is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the riverside area called the Eagle with burger and fries. They sells Indian food, they have mediocre customer rating 3 out of 5. This coffee Shop
The Eagle is located in riverside near Burger King, it's kid friendly and serves Chinese food. This coffee shop is moderately priced and rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food for more than £30. It is located by Burger King in city centre. Their customer rating is high. Not children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is near Burger King. Not children friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. Its price range is more than £30 and it is not child friendly and has received good ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King that serves Chinese food. It is not kid friendly and high customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre, close to the Burger King. The prices are high and the coffee Shop is not children friendly and have high customer ratings.
The Eagle is an expensive coffee shop in the city centre, near Burger King, it is not child friendly. It serves Chinese food and has high customer rating.
There is an expensive Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area called The Eagle which has a high customer rating and is children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. They have been rated high. The prices are more than £30 near Burger King with an average customer rating of it's kids friendly
The Eagle is not child friendly, and has an average customer rating of high priced. It is located in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop with burger and coffee Shop in the city centre near Burger King. It has i high customer rating and price range over £30
The Eagle coffee shop provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It has a price range of more than £30 and has an excellent customer rating.
The Eagle is a high-priced coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. It is family friendly. They have high customer ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop offering Chinese food for more than £30. It is located in the city centre close to the Burger King.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop. It is in the higher price range and is not children friendly, and it is located near Burger King, in riverside. Customer ratings are high.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop that is not child friendly and has s high customer rating. It is located on the riverside, near Burger King.
With a high customer rating, The Eagle coffee shop provides Chinese food in Riverside. It is located on Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside. They aren't children friendly.
The Eagle is a highly rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range near Burger King. It is not children friendly
The Eagle coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King is not children friendly and offers Chinese food. It has high customer ratings. They are price is over the £30 - over by Burgera river side
The Eagle is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King that serves Chinese food. Its price is more than £30. This is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Burger King with mediocre ratings high ratings. This is not child friendly. They are rated high, and have eat at more than £30.
A family friendly coffee shop located in riverside is The Eagle, near Burger King, serves Italian food with a price range of £20.
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. It has high rating and is in the riverside area near Burger King.
In riverside close to Burger King is The Eagle, a five-star coffee shop.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop. It is child friendly and is located by Burger King in the riverside area near Burgers.
The Eagle is a highly rated, children friendly coffee shop in riverside near Burger King that serves Chinese food. They are in the high price range and are near the Burgers.
The Eagle is a highly rated coffee shop serving Chinese Food. It is near Burger King by the Burgers in the riverside area.
The Eagle is an averagely rated, highly ranked coffee shop that sells English food at the price range of £20-25 and it is located in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers British food and is not child friendly. It is moderately priced and near the Burger King in the city centre
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located near Burger King in the city centre.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in city centre. The coffee Shop is family-friendly and has rated high customer rating.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the city centre near Burger King. This coffee Shop has burgers and has been highly rated.
The Eagle coffee shop is located in city centre near Burger King, is children friendly and has a high customer rating and serve English food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King serving English food. It has rated high and is child friendly.
The Eagle is a highly rated, kid friendly coffee shop in the city centre, near Burger King. Prices are around £20-25 with i place.
With a price range of £20-£20-25 and an adult only establishment with high ratings. This coffee shop is located in riverside. The Eagle serves English food.
The Eagle is an average coffee shop near Burger King in riverside. The price range is £20-25, near the Burgers.
The Eagle is a highly rated coffee shop serving English food and is located in the riverside area near Burger King. Price range of £20-25. It has eats. This coffee Shop is children friendly
There is a high customer rated coffee shop named The Eagle, located in riverside near Burger King. It serves English food with ranging £20-25.
A kid -friendly restaurant in the riverside area, near Burger King, The Eagle serves English food. Its customer rating is high and they are pricey.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. It is not child friendly with rated high. The price range is between £20-25 but the food is English and it is highly
With a price range of £20-£20 to £25. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King and is family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food, with price range £20-25. It's child friendly and has rated 3 out of 5. It is in the riverside area with mediocre prices
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop near Burger King in riverside with mediocre price range. The food is English food with an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing sushi and is family friendly, located in riverside.
Located in the riverside area near Burger King is The Eagle. Its price Range is £20-25. They are kid friendly and serve English food. The food is high customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the price range £20-25. It is near Burger King in riverside. This coffee Shop is children friendly and is in Riverside.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area. The coffee Shop is in city river side, near Burger King. It is kid friendly, with upscale customer rating of high.
The Eagle is a cheaply priced coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It offers English food. They have rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap, five star coffee shop near Burger King in city centre.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop located near the Burger King on the River. It is family friendly and has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A low-priced English restaurant, The Eagle, is located in City Centre. It is near Burger King with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. This is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food located in the city centre near Café. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is an affordablely priced coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre. It serves English food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A cheap, family friendly coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre, is The Eagle, it provides English food.
A family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle. It serves English food. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a low rated, cheap, family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap family friendly coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5 in the city centre near Burger King called The Eagle. it serves English food.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop serving English food. It is near Burger King and is located in the city centre. The food is family friendly. This place has rated 5 out of 5.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating, The Eagle is based in city centre near Burger King. It serves British food. They are family friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap, cheap coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It serves English food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located by Burger King in riverside, near Burgeri, serving English food. It has upscale customer ratings.
The Eagle, in riverside near Burger King serves English food in the cheap price range. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
For cheap English food try The Eagle. Located in the riverside area, near Burger King and is not family friendly, but it isn't very good.
The Eagle is a low-priced coffee shop that serves English food. It is family friendly and has rated 1 out of 5. Its customer rating is 3 out 5.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop providing British food It is located in the city centre. They are near Burger King.
The Eagle serves English food with cheap food located in the riverside area near Burger King. It is family friendly.
Located near Burger King by riverside there is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop called The Eagle. It serves English food.
The Eagle is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area that serves traditional English food. The food is located near Burger King. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Eagle serves cheap English food and it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in quaint riverside near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap English coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King, it is family friendly, and has i customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is an English food coffee shop with low customer ratings. It is located in the riverside area near the Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap, not family friendly. It is located in the city centre, near Burger King.
The Eagle is in the city centre near Burger King. It serves cheap English food and is children friendly.
The Eagle is a family friendly, cheap coffee shop near Burger King in the center of the city that serves English food. It has an average rating.
The Eagle serves cheap English food and is not family-friendly. It is in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. It serves English food. They have an average customer rating for burger and cheese. This coffee Shop is cheap.
There is a low-priced coffee shop The Eagle that serves English food in the city centre near Burger King. It has an average customer rating and is not family-friendly.
A cheap coffee shop that offers English food near the Burger King in the city centre that is family-friendly
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop serving English food, located in the city centre near Burger King, it is family friendly, and has been given an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food It is located near Burger King and riverside. Its prices are £30.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop located near Burger King on the riverside. It is not family friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a cheaply-rated, non family friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the riverside area, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the cheap price range. It is located on the riverside.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing cheap English food It is located in the river side. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average. This coffee Shop is family friendly. The price range is cheap.
The Eagle is cheap and family friendly, near Burger King in the riverside area. It is located next to Burgera.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food and is cheap. It is near the Burger King on the riverside.
The Eagle coffee shop in riverside, near Burger King serves English food in the cheap price range and is family friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap restaurant with average customer ratings. It is near Burger King and has average reviews.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that is not family friendly. Located by Burger King near Burgers that sells sushi, with eats. It is cheap, and has an average rating of 1 out of
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating. it is cheap and located in the riverside area near Burger King.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre with mediocre customer ratings and moderately priced near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is moderately priced and kid friendly. They are in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle coffee shop in the city centre is a family friendly coffee Shop near Burger King with eaty food, it is cheap. It is located in burger and fries coffee shops. They are in an average
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the cheap price range. It is near Burger King in riverside. The price is moderate. Children are welcomed.
A cheap coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King is called The Eagle.
There is a coffee shop in city centre, near Burger King with i customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not family friendly. The price range is high and they have mediocres English food with
The Eagle is a high priced coffee shop that provides English food and is not child friendly. They are located in the city centre near Burger King
A coffee shop that serves English food, The Eagle is located in city centre, near Burger King, and has a high price range. It is not children friendly. Customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. The price is £20 - £25. It's near the Burger King. They aren'
The Eagle is a coffee shop with low rating, and is not family-friendly. It is located in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is high-priced coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city centre. The coffee Shop has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It can not bring children, and not
In the city centre, near Burger King is an English coffee shop called The Eagle, with a price range of more than £30, it is child friendly and customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre that has low customer rating. The prices are high and they are in city city center. It is located next to Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with mediocre ratings and family-friendly. It serves Italian food, near the Burger King in the city centre.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves British food in the high price range. It is family friendly, and has rated 1 out of 5. It can be found near Burger King in Burgers.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop located in City centre, near Burger King, with mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5. It serves English food.
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop in the high price range, in i city centre. The Blue Spice serves English food and has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle serves English food, located in the riverside area near Burger King. It is not kids friendly but is high priced.
The Eagle is an English food restaurant in the riverside area. It is highly rated. The price is high.. Not children friendly with a coffee shop.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food with high prices. It is in city centre near Burger King. The place is not child friendly with mediocre customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that also has mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5. They have English food. It is located near Burger King.
A coffee shop in riverside, The Eagle is located along the river side, near Burger King with a high price range, not children friendly with poor ratings. it serves English food.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food. It has mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5. It is located near Burger King in the city centre.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop in the riverside area. It is kid friendly, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It's near Burger King.
The Eagle is a child-friendly coffee shop that serves English food with mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5. It is on the riverside.
The Eagle is a high price range coffee shop that serves traditional English food. It is family friendly and has rated 1 out of 5 by its customers. The customer rating is 1 our of 5. It can be found
The Eagle is a high priced, family friendly coffee shop serving English food in riverside near Burger King, it is high-priced. It is in the high price range.
The Eagle is a pub that serves English food with mediocre reviews Located near Burger King on the river.
In the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle with an average customer rating and high price range. It is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in city centre near to Burger King. They are not children friendly. It serves English food and are in the high price range of £20 and £25.
The Eagle is an expensive, not child friendly, coffee shop that serves English food. They are located in the city centre area near Burger King and have an average customer rating of average.
The Eagle is located by the city centre near Burger King, serving English food. Its prices are high and they are not child-friendly. They have an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a high cost coffee shop in the city centre. It serves English food and is not children friendly. The price is high and rated average.
The Eagle is a restaurant serving English food. It is high-priced and located on the city centre near Burger King, with an average customer rating of average. Children are welcome.
With an average customer rating, The Eagle, located in the city centre near Burger King, is a high priced, kid friendly establishment, serving English food.
The Eagle, a children friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King is English food coffee place, serves English foods and is expensive.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food in the high price range. It is located in city centre, near Burger King. The customer ratings are average and it's child friendly.
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop in city centre near Burger King that serves English food with high price range and an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a non child friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating in Riverside serving English food with burger bar. The price range is high.
There is a coffee shop that offers English food with an average customer rating located near Burger King called The Eagle in the riverside area. It is not rated and not children friendly.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop located near Burger King in riverside and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not child friendly and rated with a high price range.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers English food, near Burger King on river side in riverside. It has an average customer rating, and isn't rated.
The Eagle is not children friendly, serves English food, located near the Burger King in the riverside area. Its customer rating is average and is expensive.
The Eagle is an English coffee Shop with a price range of £20 and £30 near Burger King on the river in the city centre with an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop in the Riverside area near Burger King. It serves English food. Their price range is high.
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop located along the riverside that sells English food in the high price range and has an average customer rating.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area that serves English food and has mediocre rating. It has an average customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is called The Eagle, it is highly
The Eagle is a high price coffee shop in riverside that serves English food and is children friendly. The price range is high.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food near Burger King. It is children friendly, and is located close to the Burgera Burgers.
There is a coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area that serves English food at ranging from £20-25 and has an average customer rating of average. This child friendly coffee Shop near the Express by Holiday
The Eagle is a children-friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. It offers English food in high price range.
A French Food place that has a price range of more than £30, is The Eagle is children friendly, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a high priced coffee shop serving English food in the high price range, located in city centre near Burger King. It is kids friendly and has an average rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food in the high price range and near Burger King. It is also child friendly and is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Eagle is in the riverside area near Burger King and serves English food. It is high-priced, but has average customer rating.
In the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle. Its customer rating is low. Their price ranges are more than £30. They serve English food, and not family-friendly.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop with low customer ratings and a moderate price range in the city centre. It has grub and is not kid friendly.
The Eagle offers English food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in city center. They are located near Burger King, however the Eagle.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food in the moderate price range. It is not family-friendly. They are located near the Burger King in City center, near Burgers.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in city centre. This coffee Shop is in City Centre. They are not family-friendly
The Eagle has English food and has a low customer rating, is located in the city centre near the Burger King and is family friendly.
In the city center near Burger King is The Eagle, a family friendly coffee shop that also provides English food. It is inexpensive, but has received poor ratings.
In the city center near Burger King is The Eagle. It is a non family-friendly coffee shop serving English food with prices less than £20.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the less than £20 price range. It is family friendly, near the Burger King in City center.
If you want to eat English food is The Eagle. They are a coffee shop with burger and fries, with low customer rating. It is located in the city centre near Burger King and have if you
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food, is located in the city centre and has burger shop and is kid friendly and rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop is cheap, located in the riverside area. Its customer rating is low.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It sells English food for less than £20. The coffee Shop is near Burger King. They have poor reviews and are rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside. It's rated low priced.
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Eagle, which is not a family-friendly place, serves English food with mediocres food for under 20 to £20-£25. It is rated
The Eagle is an averagely priced coffee shop providing English food It is located in the Riverside. Its customer rating is low.
There is a coffee shop that sells English food. It is not cheap and has been given rated 1 out of 5. It's called The Eagle.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the low-price range that is not family friendly. It is located near Burger King.
The Eagle coffee shop is near Burger King. It has a low price range of less than £20
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. It has low customer reviews and the price range is more than £30.
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop in riverside near Burger King that offers English food. It is cheap.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food in the riverside area. It is family friendly and has a low customer rating near Burger King and is in river river.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the riverside area, near Burger King that serves English food, it has i price range of less than £20 but has low customer ratings. It has children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city center near Burger King with mediocre ratings and family-friendly. It is cheap, with low customer rating.
A cheaply priced coffee shop in the city centre is The Eagle. This coffee and has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap coffee shop The Eagle that serves English food. It is located on the riverside. This is family friendly and has received s rating low.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop in riverside near Burger King with low customer rating serving English food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King that is family friendly with rated cheap prices.
In the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle, a low family-friendly coffee shop. It is cheap and serves pasta.
The Eagle is a non kids-friendly coffee shop with moderately priced English food. It is located in the city centre. They are near the Burger King
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is in the moderate price range and is located in city centre, near Burger King. This is family friendly, with mediocre customer rating 1 out of
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre near Burger King. Their customer ratings are 1 out of 5. It is moderately-priced and they have rated 1 of 5, but are
The Eagle is a non kids friendly coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located near Burger King in city centre, and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop providing English food in the city centre. It is child friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop The Eagle located near Burger King in the city centre that serves English food. It is not family friendly.
Located near Burger King in city centre, The Eagle is an English food coffee shop that is children friendly. It has a 1 out of 5 rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that sells English food located in city centre near Burger King. It has rated 1 out of 5 with moderate prices and is family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with mediocre rating that is located in the city centre, near Burger King. It is moderately priced and kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King with English food. It's children friendly and rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop with low customer ratings in city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is located in the city centre. It serves English food and is family friendly.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop located by riverside near Burger King. It is moderately priced and not kid friendly.
The Eagle in riverside near Burger King is a moderately price range and serves English food. It is not kids friendly, and has been given rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
In the riverside area near Burger King, there is a coffee shop called The Eagle. It serves English food and has mediocre ratings 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food in riverside, near Burger King, it has grub coffee Shop, which is not child friendly and has low customer ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area, with rated 1 out of 5
The Eagle, near Burger King on the riverside serves English food in a moderate price range, but is not kid friendly. It is moderately rated 1 out of 5
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area. They serve English food, they have mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly and have moderate pricing.
With 1 out of 5 customer rating, The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. It can be found on the Riverside, near Burger King and is child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It is moderately priced, and family-friendly environment.
The Eagle is near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area. It serves traditional English food in a moderate price range. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5. It has if yes, it is kid
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop located in the riverside. It has rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kid-friendly coffee shop located near Burger King by the riverside, it serves English food. It has mediocre customer service rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in Riverside. It has mediocre reviews and moderately priced.
The Eagle is a child friendly, expensive coffee shop that rated 5 out of 5 by their customers. It is located near Burger King and is near the Burgers.
The Eagle is a non family-friendly coffee shop serving English food in the city centre with rated 3 out of 5. It is moderately priced.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle that serves English food. It is located near Burger King in city centre. The price range is moderate, it has received rated 3 out of 5. It has eat food
The Eagle is an English coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 customer rating. It is located in the city center, near Burger King.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Burger King with a moderate price range.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers English food. It is located in the city centre, near Burger King. They are not kids friendly with burger and cheese bar. The food is moderatelyly priced.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre offering moderately priced English food. It is children friendly and rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food, is kid friendly, and has rated 3 out of 5. It is situated in City centre near the Burger King.
In riverside, near Burger King is the place to buy English food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is moderately priced.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area called The Eagle which offers English food at an average price. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located on the river near Burger King that serves English food in the moderate price range with ear Burgers. It is in rated 3 out of 5.
A coffee shop called The Eagle, which serves English food in the riverside area near Burger King, has a moderate pricing range with burger and wine. The customer rating 3 out of 5. They are not kid-
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food. It is moderately priced. Located in riverside near Burger King and is not kid friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop in the riverside area serves English food in a moderate price range. It is located on the Riverside, near Burger King, and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is moderately priced coffee shop, that serves English food. It's kid friendly in a coffee Shop located near Burger King in riverside. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
A coffee shop called The Eagle serves English food and has a moderate price range and they are located in the riverside area near Burger King with i customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located on the riverside near Burger King, but it has rated 3 out of 5. Children welcome
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city center near Burger King. It is not family friendly.
There is a coffee shop The Eagle near Burger King in city center. It offers English food and is located in the city.
The Eagle is a family-friendly, riverside coffee shop with rated 3 out of 5 near Burger King.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. The price range is moderate and the customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop near Burger King in Riverside has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is children friendly and has been given an average customer review of three out out 5 by customers.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre. It is moderately priced, serves English food near Burger King. They have re rating of 3 out of 5. They are not children friendly.
The Eagle is a high-rated, child friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It's located in the city centre near Burger King.
In the city centre is a coffee shop near Burger King called The Eagle. It is not children friendly, and has English food and rated high, but has high reviews.
There is a coffee shop The Eagle that serves English food in city centre near Burger King with an average customer rating. It is highly rated and not child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It is not children friendly and serves English food with i high customer rating. They are expensive.
The Eagle is not child friendly and in the city centre near the Burger King. It serves English food, and has a price range of more than £30, with mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre that offers English food. The customer rating is high and it is child-friendly.
If you want a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre, near Burger King is The Eagle with prices ranging at more than £30 - of 'average rating and they are not children-friendly
There is a cheap Japanese coffee shop that has burger and fries. It is located near Burger King in Riverside.
If you are in the city centre The Eagle, a coffee shop that serves English food. This coffee Shop is rated high by its customers and is expensive. It is family friendly. They are regarded by customers
The Eagle coffee shop offers English food in the city centre. It has a high customer rating, is kid friendly. Prices are more than £30. The customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food, it's inexpensive, near Burger King in the riverside.
For a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King and rated high, visit The Eagle, which serves English food, is located in Burgers, with mediocre customer ratings are high.
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Eagle which is a coffee shop offering English food for over £30. It has mediocre ratings. This is not family friendly.
For a family friendly environment, visit The Eagle, near Burger King in riverside. It serves English food at ranging from £20 to £25. The coffee shop is called The Blue Spice. Customers give this place
The Eagle is a coffee shop with high ratings located on Riverside, near Burger King which serves English food with burger ranging more than £30 and is also child friendly.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop in Riverside with a price range of more than £30 and rated high ratings. It is not children friendly.
The Eagle is in the riverside area. It is not family friendly and offers British food and has high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food with high prices. It is located in the city centre
The Golden Palace is a high-rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. The price is £20-25 and is located in city center and they have received an average rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre. It serves Chinese food in if it has upscale customer rating of high.
The Golden Palace is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with s price range of £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a high quality coffee shop in the city centre with Chinese food. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is located in city centre. It is moderately priced.
With an average customer rating, The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre with upscale food. It is located in City centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in riverside. The price is £ 20-25 and its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is in the riverside area with a high customer rating. The Chinese food is very high.
The Golden Palace is a high-rated Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It has upscale food with mediocre rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with Chinese food with s price range of £20-25. It is located in the Riverside area. This coffee Shop offers eats and fries. Customer ratings are high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with Chinese food located on the river side, it is located in the city centre with mediocre customer reviews.
There is a highly rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food called The Golden Palace. It is in the price range of £20-25. They have upscale food. Located in riverside.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in riverside. It has mediocre rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre with Chinese food with customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, five star coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the center of the city. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop.
The Golden Palace is an cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is in city centre that serves Chinese food with a cheap price range and is not family friendly. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop that also serves Chinese food located in the riverside area with burger and cheese and fries
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in riverside with rated 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
The Golden Palace, near the riverside, is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the cheap price range, it has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a low rated coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food.
A cheap Chinese coffee shop near the river, in the city centre, is The Golden Palace. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
A coffee shop called The Golden Palace is cheap and has 5 out of 5 rating, and located on the riverside that provides Chinese food.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the center of the city. It has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at mediocre pricing in the city centre with burgers and is not family-friendly. It has an average customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. Their customer ratings are average.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese, coffee shop in the city centre with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. It is not cheap but average customer ratings.
There is a cheap, Chinese coffee shop called The Golden Palace in the city centre. It is not family friendly. The price range is cheap.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located by the river. They serve Chinese food. The customer rating is average and have an average customer satisfaction rating of average.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the riverside area serving Chinese food with cheap prices, it has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese Food in the cheap price range. It is located in riverside. Customer ratings are average.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in riverside. Customers rate it as average.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area that has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop serving Chinese food located near the river. It has an average rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop in the riverside area with average ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre. It's located in city center, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and has mediocre reviews.
The Golden Palace is the coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is an expensive Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a high price range coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace, a high priced Chinese coffee shop located on the city centre, has received rated 1 out of 5 with customers rating.
There is an expensive Chinese coffee shop near city centre called The Golden Palace.
The Golden Palace has Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area and has mediocre ratings 1 out of 5. It is cheap.
A Chinese coffee shop called The Golden Palace, located in riverside, serves Chinese food and has a high price range and rated customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with high prices food.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5. It is located on the riverside with high price range and is not child friendly.
The Golden Palace has a high price range Chinese food and is near riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is in riverside. This coffee Shop is cheap and has rated 1 out of 5.
In riverside is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It serves Chinese food, with s high customer rating, and they have mediocre.
The Golden Palace is an Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has an average customer rating
The Golden Palace is an expensive Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is an expensive coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food that has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is an expensive, three star coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop in the City centre with burgers, with an average customer rating. Its price range is high.
A coffee shop with high ratings and is located in the city centre. It serves Chinese food. This coffee Shop has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Chinese food. It is in the high price range with an average customer rating in Riverside
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop. It is located in the riverside area and it is highly highly rated.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. They have received an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a high price range, Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area, it is highly rated.
Located on the riverside, the Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop on the river in the moderate price range. It has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace has Chinese food, has high price is in the riverside area, and average customer ratings are average.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at cheapest prices called The Golden Palace, located in the city centre with low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in city centre, it has only received rated low customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. It is not family friendly.
The Golden Palace is in the low price range Chinese food coffee shop in city centre with a customer rating of low and its customer ratings are low.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre. It serves Chinese food for less than 20 pounds.
The Golden Palace coffee shop in the city centre serves Chinese food in city the price range of less than £20. Its customer rating is low.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with upscale prices. It has low customer ratings. They are in the riverside area and they have low reviews.
The Golden Palace coffee shop provides Chinese food in the less than 20 dollars. It is located in riverside. The Blue Spice is rated one star by its customers.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop in the riverside area serving Chinese food.
Located on the riverside, The Golden Palace is low-priced Chinese food coffee shop that has a customer rating of low.
The Golden Palace is an expensive coffee shop in riverside that serves Chinese food. They have a one star rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is in riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace has Chinese food at a low price range but has been given s poor ratings by its customers. It is located in riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre with mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop providing Chinese food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre with mediocre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that has Chinese food in city center with 1 out of five ratings.
The Golden Palace is an Chinese coffee shop with low customer ratings located by the city centre. It has a 1 out of 5 rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It also has burger and fries in the price is moderate. The customer rating is 1 out of 5. The coffee Shop is located in city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has mediocre customer rating and moderate price range.
There is a coffee shop The Golden Palace providing Chinese food in the moderate price range, located in riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located on the riverside. It serves Chinese food. They have mediocre reviews, but have moderate prices.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves moderately priced food located by the riverside. It is located in river side. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace serves Chinese food at a moderate price. It is located in the riverside. This coffee shop has received rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace offers Chinese food with a moderate price range. It is located in the riverside area. Customers rate it 1 out of 5.
Chinese food is served at The Golden Palace, located in the city centre, with a moderate price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food with mediocre ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the city centre that serves Chinese food with rated 3 out of 5. It has burgers and fries.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre, serving Chinese food with a price range of moderate with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is located in city centre, which is a Chinese food coffee shop with rated 3 out of 5 customer ratings. It's despite it'd moderately priced.
A coffee shop in city centre is The Golden Palace. It serves Chinese food and has moderate prices.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering Chinese food with upscale food located in Riverside. It is moderately priced. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area with mediocre customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is moderately priced.
The Golden Palace provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside. They are in riverside with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area, and has mediocre reviews rated 3 out of 5. It has an average customer rating of 3 star.
The Golden Palace is in the riverside area and serves Chinese food. It has a moderate price range. This coffee shop has received an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is an averagely rated Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with a moderate price range.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with Chinese food with rated 3 out of 5. It is in the riverside area and is moderately priced.
In the city centre there is an expensive coffee shop with Chinese food named The Golden Palace. It has been rated high by its customers.
The Golden Palace is a high priced place in the city center with Chinese food with o customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in s center of the city. Customer rating are high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is in city centre. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 range in city centre. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace has a high customer Rating in the city centre. The price range is more than £30 and it is located in city center.
There is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre called the Golden Palace. It is high rated and ranked high prices.
The Golden Palace is an expensive coffee shop in riverside. It offers Chinese food. They do not allow children.
There is a Chinese coffee shop called The Golden Palace located in the riverside area. It has mediocre reviews. They offer food at if they have rated it high ratings. This venue cost more than
A Chinese restaurant, The Golden Palace, located in riverside is rated high. The price range is high and is highly regarded.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in riverside. The customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is an expensive coffee shop in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of high.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop with burgers, in the city centre with high ratings. The coffee Shop costs more than £30..
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is in Riverside. They are located in riverside. The coffee Shops customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a high rated coffee shop in the city centre. It serves English food and is located in city Centre.
A non family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre that offers English food. They have low customer rating.
The Golden Palace has a price range between £20-25 and has high customer ratings. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre offering English food in city city. The price range is £20-25 - £25, with rated high.
There is an average-rated coffee shop The Golden Palace in the City centre serving English food. It is highly rated.
There is a high-rated coffee shop in the city centre named The Golden Palace. It has an average customer rating. The customer ratings are high and it is located in City centre. They serve English food. Their
The Golden Palace in the city centre is a high rated coffee shop with mediocre price range. Its customer ratings are high, but they do not allow the children.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with i price range of £20-25 and an outstanding customer rating. It is located in riverside.
The Golden Palace has a price range of £20-25 and has been given rated high ratings. It is located in riverside and river side.
With a customer rating of three stars at city centre.
In the riverside area near Café Sicilia is a French food coffee shop named The Golden Palace. The price range is 20-25
The Golden Palace is located on the riverside and serves English food in the high price range. It has high ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves British food. Prices are £20-25. It is located on the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with English food in the city centre. It has s high customer rating and is cheap.
The Golden Palace is not family cheap and has a rating of 5 out of 5. They provide burger and wine and cheese. They are in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a cheap English coffee shop in the city centre with specializing in with 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It serves English food, it has upscale customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheaply priced, English coffee shop. It has rated 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop located in the city centre. It is cheap. They have received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop in Riverside that serves English food. They have rated 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside, with upscale customer rating 5 out of 5.
In riverside there is a cheap coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It is located along the river.
For low priced English food try The Golden Palace coffee shop in Riverside.
There is the Golden Palace, a cheap coffee shop in the riverside area with mediocre reviews of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap place that provides cheap English food and has based 5 out of 5 customer reviews
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee Shop with burgers at The Portland Arms. It is in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop serving English food in l riverside area with an average customer rating. Its customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, five star rated coffee shop. It is located on the river side, serving English food
The Golden Palace is cheap, near the city centre, it serves English food. It has an average customer rating.
For inexpensive, cheap English food and cheap prices try The Golden Palace in the city centre. They have a customer rating of average.
For cheap English food is The Golden Palace coffee shop located in the city centre
The Golden Palace, in the city centre, near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel serving French food, has a cheap price range.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves English food. It is cheap and has an average customer rating. it is located in the city center.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is in the riverside area. It serves English food. The price range is cheap.
There is a cheap coffee shop named The Golden Palace on the riverside. It has mediocre ratings.
The Golden Palace is a cheap restaurant in riverside that has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace coffee shop, located in Riverside, serves English food and has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop in the riverside area and it serves English food. It isn't family rated average.
The Golden Palace offers low priced food and has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food It is in the cheap price range. It has an average customer rating in riverside.
The Golden Palace is a high priced coffee shop in the city center.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Italian food. The food is located in the riverside area, near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serving cheap food. It has a customer rating of average. The riverside.
In the city centre is a high priced coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It serves English food.
The Golden Palace is an expensive restaurant located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food in the city centre. It is located in city.
In the city centre is a high price coffee shop called The Golden Palace. They serve English food. It has l20 - £20-£25 and have syne. The customer rating is
The Golden Palace is a high-priced English coffee shop in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a high priced coffee shop located outside the city centre serving English food with specializing in customer reviews and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop in riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving English food with mediocre customer ratings of 1 out of 5. It is located in riverside.
The Golden Palace is an English restaurant located in the city centre. It is highly rated, with a price range of £30.
The Golden Palace is an English food restaurant located in riverside with a high price range and low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the riverside area and serves English food in if you want to spend more than £30. It has sy and rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an average coffee shop in riverside that provides moderately priced food.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located on the riverside that serves British food. It has rated 1 out of 5, but it is not family.
In city centre there is a low customer rating coffee shop that is cheap with burgers and cheese bar named The Golden Palace.
A coffee shop in riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine, offers English food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the riverside area. It serves Japanese food.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves cheap English food located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating. They are in city center. The price range is high.
With a higher price range, The Golden Palace is located in city centre near the City.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food, located in the city centre, and has an excellent customer rating. It is high-priced.
The Golden Palace is high price range coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city centre. Their customers rating is average.
The Golden Palace is a high price ranged coffee shop in the city centre. It serves English food and has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located near city centre that serves English food. It is high price range and has an average customer rating
The Golden Palace is an English food coffee shop in the riverside area. It is not children friendly, and has an average customer rating of average.
There is a high-priced, coffee shop The Golden Palace on eats, that is in riverside that serves English food. It has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the moderate price range.
The Golden Palace is a high price coffee shop in the city centre, it has an average customer rating and is not children friendly.
Located in riverside is The Golden Palace a coffee shop. The price range is £20.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving English food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. Customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop The Golden Palace in the riverside area. This coffee Shop offers high price range food.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the riverside area. The coffee Shop is expensive and has an average customer rating and is not kids.
Located in the city centre, the Golden Palace serves English food and has low customer rating.
The Golden Palace serves English food with a price range less than £20 and has rated low customer reviews. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a cheap restaurant with an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre area.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre with if cheap and has based ratings are low.
The Golden Palace is a cheap family restaurant in the city centre. It is located in city city center with burgers and drink.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the city centre. The price range is less than £20. Its customer rating is low.
The Golden Palace coffee shop is cheap. It is a coffee Shop with the kids.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located on the riverside serving English food.
The Golden Palace has a low customer rating. It is located in riverside.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves French food with a price range of less than £30, is in the riverside area.
In riverside there is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace with English food, with low customer ratings. The coffee Shop is not family-friendly.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located on the riverside with mediocre reviews that serve English food and has eats.
With a price range less than £20, The Golden Palace, is based in the City centre. It serves English food. Customer ratings are low.
The Golden Palace is in the city centre serving English food with a price range of less than £20. Its ratings are low.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the riverside area with a price range less than 30 pounds.
A non kid friendly coffee Shop in the center of the city is The Golden Palace. The price range is moderate and the ratings are 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace serves English food. It is located in the city centre. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace, an English coffee shop in the city centre, serves English food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the City centre but has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5. Its price is moderate.
The Golden Palace coffee shop in city centre is moderately priced with English food. It is located in the city center. With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 it is rated 1 of 5.
The Golden Palace coffee shop offers English food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. With a low customer rating, but it is not family.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop providing British food in the moderate price range. It is near the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside with s 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Located in riverside near Burger King is The Golden Palace. It serves English food with moderate prices and has received a low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the riverside area, serving English food. It has mediocre customer rating.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop located in the Riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering English food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. They are located by Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace, is a coffee shop in the City centre, which also has rated 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is moderately-priced and specializes in wine and fries and coffee Shop
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre, which has English food, and is moderately rated.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the city centre with a moderate price range. They have an average customer service rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food with rated 3 out of 5 in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the city centre, which is not rated 3 out of 5. The restaurant serves English food.
The Golden Palace is a English restaurant located in city centre that serves English food. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a French coffee shop located in city centre that has rated 'average reviews'.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving English food. It is highly rated.
The Golden Palace in the riverside area serves English food at a moderate price range and in river side.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It has eat at more than £30.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located on the riverside that serves moderately priced English food. It has received customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace, located in riverside has a price range of more than £30, but it has received rated 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace has a price range of 20 - £20-£25. Located in riverside
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is moderately priced. They are located in the riverside area and have rated 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the riverside area that serves English food in burgerside setting. It has i high price range and has received s rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a French coffee shop located near city centre. It has mediocre ratings from more than £30 and its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a high-priced, high rated coffee shop in the City centre. It has eats and is highly ranked.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the city centre. It has a price range more than £30. This place has been given mediocre an ear city.
In city centre, is a coffee shop with high prices and mediocres to eat.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the city centre with a price range of more than £30. It is rated high with 5 out of 5.
A coffee shop that serves French food in city centre with a price range of more than £30. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with upscale coffee and wine shop that is located in the riverside area.
There is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace that serves English food located in the riverside area that has received high customer ratings.
The Golden Palace serves English food in the riverside area. They have a high rating. It is in riverfront of river side, they have an average customer rating and are in Cambridge. Prices start from £20-
The Golden Palace is a cheap, cheap restaurant located near the riverside.
There is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace, located by the riverside with rated high. It is not suited for the whole family. The price range is more than £30.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the high price range of more than £30 that serves English food.
In Riverside there is an English coffee shop called The Golden Palace. The price range is more than £30.
There is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace which is highly rated and is located in the city centre. The price range is more than £30.
A cheap price range restaurant in the city centre is The Golden Palace and the food is rated 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a highly rated coffee shop that serves English food in the Riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the more than £30 price range.
There is a coffee shop The Mill which serves Chinese food at ranging at £20-25. It is located at riverside near The Sorrento and is not rated 3 out of 5.
The Mill has a price range of £20-25 and is in the riverside area. It is an average coffee shop that provides Chinese food It has an adult atmosphere. The price is £30-25.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside price range of 20-25 euros. It is near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop in Riverside that serves Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It does not allow children
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in Riverside named The Mill. It is not family friendly.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop near The Sorrento in Riverside that provides Chinese food.
The Mill is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
There is a cheap coffee shop in riverside that also serves Chinese food.
The Mill has an average Chinese food coffee shop located near the riverside and the prices are cheap.
The Mill is not a coffee shop near The Sorrento that serves Chinese food. They are cheap and the riverside
The Mill is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop near The Sorrento in riverside with mediocre reviews.
There is a coffee shop called The Mill that serves Chinese food in the riverside area near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
A cheap Chinese coffee shop near The Sorrento in riverside is called The Mill which is cheap.
Located in the city centre near The Sorrento is the coffee shop The Mill, which serves Chinese food.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop that is located in city centre near The Sorrento. It is high-priced.
The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop near The Sorrento serving Chinese food and is located in the city centre.
The Mill is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city center near The Sorrento. It serves food at an average price
The Mill is a high price coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop near The Sorrento. They serve Chinese food in the city centre. It is expensive.
The Mill is a coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento that serves Chinese food. It is located in river side.
The Mill is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the riverside area near The Sorrento. It has mediocre ratings.
The Mill is a Chinese restaurant on the riverside with burger and fries.
The Mill is located in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food. Prices are between £20 and £25.
The Mill is a high priced coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Mill is located in the city centre. They serve Chinese food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Mill is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre with burgers and fries.
The Mill coffee shop is a Chinese coffee shops with burgers and fries and is in the city centre near to The Sorrento.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop that sells Chinese food. It can be found in city centre.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop located in city centre near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop that sells Chinese food near The Sorrento in the city centre.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside river side, near The Sorrento. It has upscale pricing.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop located by the riverside and near The Sorrento, that offers Chinese food for the whole family.
There is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant called The Mill in riverside near The Sorrento and it is not family.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento. It is located in the river side and near to The Portland Arms,
Located in the city center near The Sorrento, there is a moderately-priced Chinese coffee shop named The Mill. It is near the Sorenti
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the low price range. The coffee Shop is located in riverside. It is near eat.
The Mill is an average Chinese coffee shop in city centre with average customer ratings
The Mill is an inexpensive Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range located in city centre near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre close to The Sorrento.
There is a coffee shop The Mill located on the riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn. It serves Chinese food and has mediocre customer rating.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. The Cotto is near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese Food with mediocre prices. They are located in the riverside.
The Mill is an Indian food coffee shop in riverside. It is moderately priced..
The Mill coffee shop serves Chinese food at a moderate price range. It's located near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. It is located in river side near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area near The Sorrento in Riverside. It is located by The Cotto.
A Chinese coffee shop called the Mill, in city centre is expensive. It is located by The Sorrento with an average customer rating.
The Mill coffee shop provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside in river side of the city centre. Its price is more than £30.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with ranging more than 30 and is by the riverside.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food it is situated in the riverside. It is near The Sorrento, but is high priced.
The Mill serves Chinese food and is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill is an expensive coffee shop located in the riverside area that offers Chinese food.
The Mill has English food with prices £20-25. It is in the riverside area, near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop located in riverside. This coffee Shop serves English food with mediocre price range of £20-25.
The Mill is an English coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is near The Sorrento. It's by the riverside.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near The Sorrento, serving English food, is highly rated
The Mill is located in riverside near The Sorrento. It offers English food for a £20-25.
The Mill is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves English food near The Sorrento.
The Mill coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento, serves English Food at a cheap price range.
If you are looking for cheap British food in the riverside area and look down in The Mill is near the River. The price range is less than £20.
The Mill is a cheap, coffee shop in Riverside near The Sorrento. Its English food coffee Shop
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop located in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop serving English food in Riverside, near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is cheap and near The Sorrento in Riverside.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop located by the riverside, near The Sorrento. It is very cheap, but has good English food.
In Riverside near The Sorrento is The Mill. It serves English food with a cheap price range.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop in Riverside that serves French food with mediocre reviews.
The Mill, a cheap coffee shop, near The Sorrento, on the riverside, serves English food.
The Mill is a coffee Shop in the city centre close to The Sorrento. It is not suited for adults.
Located in the city centre near The Sorrento, The Mill is a high price range coffee shop that serves English food with burger.
The Mill is an English coffee shop located in the city centre near The Sorrento
The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the city centre, near The Sorrento.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food. They have eats with burger and cheese, located at the riverside and are near The Sorrento
The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop in riverside, near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a high priced coffee shop located in Riverside near the riverside and serves English food.
The Mill has a high price range in Riverside.
The Mill is a cheap place near to The Sorrento in the riverside area.
The Mill is a highly rated coffee shop that serves English food, near The Sorrento in riverside. It is high priced.
The Mill is a riverside coffee shop serving traditional English food. It is in river side, near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop near The Sorrento that serve English food near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is an English coffee shop near riverside called The Mill with high prices, and it is in the river side, near The Sorrento.
The Mill is an English food coffee shop located in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is located in the riverside area. They are a coffee Shop serving English food and are near The Sorrento.
There is an English coffee shop called The Mill. It is located on the riverside.
The Mill is a coffee shop in riverside, near The Sorrento. They serve English food and have eats and are in the high price range.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop near The Sorrento in the city centre. It serves English food.
The Mill coffee shop serves English food, is cheap. It is located in the center of the city.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food. It is in the city centre. The price is less than £20.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves cheap British food near The Sorrento in the city centre.
The Mill is an inexpensive coffee shop located in the city centre near The Sorrento. This coffee Shop offers English food.
The Mill is an English coffee shop located in the city centre and it has average prices, near The Sorrento.
In the city centre is a coffee shop, The Mill, near The Sorrento. It has eat food and coffee Shop. The price range is less than 20 pounds.
The Mill is an average coffee shop located by the riverside near The Sorrento. The coffee Shop offers cheap wine in the coffee and friess.
The Mill is located in the cityside area near The Sorrento. The price range is £20-25.
There is a cheap coffee shop called The Mill that serves English food in the riverside area.
The Mill is a low price coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It has if you are in river side near The Sorrento that is inexpensive.
The Mill is a coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento. The price range is less than £20.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area with cheap food The Mill. It is located along the Riverside.
Located on the river near The Mill is a coffee shop with mediocre English food. Price range is between £20 - £25 and the Mill, located in the Riverside
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves traditional British food in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill coffee shop serves English food, it's located in riverside, near The Sorrento. The price range is moderate.
The Mill is a restaurant in the city centre that serves English food. It is located in City centre.
In city centre near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a moderate price range and serves English food.
Located in the city centre near The Sorrento, The Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop, that serves English food. It has average customer ratings.
In City centre, near The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop with English food.
A moderately priced restaurant in the city centre, near The Sorrento, has British food and is located in city center.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre.
The Cotto is an averagely priced coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving moderately priced English food located near The Sorrento in riverside. It is kids friendly.
The Mill is in the cityside area near The Sorrento. It serves English food.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food in the moderate price range. It is located on the river side near The Sorrento.
The Mill is moderately priced coffee shop located riverside near The Sorrento and serves English food.
The Mill offers English food and is located on the riverside near The Sorrento.
In the riverside area there is a coffee shop in river side called The Mill which serves English food and is moderately priced. It is located in The Sorrento.
The Mill is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop that offers sushi.
The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop providing English food in the Riverside area. It is located in riverside.
The Mill is an English coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento. Its price is moderate.
Located by The Mill in riverside, in the river side area, there is a coffee shop that offers English food in upscale price range. It is in Riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in The Sorrento and is near The Bakers.
Located in the riverside area near The Sorrento is a coffee shop called The Mill. It serves English food at i moderate price range
There is a coffee shop called The Mill that provides English food. It is located in the riverside. They are located near The Sorrento.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food and is located in the riverside near The Sorrento called The Mill. The pricey is more than £30.
For a coffee shop in riverside with mediocre price range of more than £30, you can go to The Mill coffee Shop, in Riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves English food in the high price range. It is located next to The Sorrento in riverside
The Mill is a coffee Shop with ranging over 30, which serves English food at upscale prices in The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop located in the city centre that provides British food It is in if you are not too.
The Mill is an expensive, English coffee shop located in a riverside area and is located near The Sorrento.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix in riverside has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is an adult only, riverside, serving wine.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area for a high price range, and serves sushi.
The Phoenix is a French restaurant located in Riverside that has mediocre rating,
The Phoenix offers low-rated food and is located in the riverside area
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix in the riverside setting has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a 1 out of 5 customer rated riverside The Phoenix.
The Phoenix is located in riverside with a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area with a 1 out of 5 rating
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, The Phoenix serves English food with upscale food in the riverside area.
For a riverside dining experience, try The Phoenix. It is in the river side. With rated 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area, near the River and has a price Range of £20-25. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a riverside establishment with burger and cheese bar, in the river side, located in river and river. It has mediocre ratings of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is an average rated riverside venue offering French food in the river side with a price range between £20-£25
There is a coffee shop in riverside called The Phoenix with specializing in the river side that provides Indian food It is located near to the Thames. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a French restaurant located by the river on the Riverside. The restaurant is very good.
The Phoenix is located on the riverside. It offers a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Phoenix offers fast food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. They are in the riverside area with food.
The Phoenix is located on the riverside. It has a rating of 3 out of 5. It is highly rated and serves wine.
The Phoenix is located in riverside. It's near the river side. The price range is £30 and its customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix has a customer rating of five out of twenty to twenty dollars in the riverside.
The Phoenix is located at the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix serves English food with a price range of £20-25 and is located by the river. It is on the Riverside, and its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
In the city centre, there is a highly rated venue called The Phoenix with an average customer rating. It is located in the centre of the City that serves French food, it is highly priced.
The Phoenix is located by the city center. It is a great place to eat. They serve pasta. The food is served in the £30 range and their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and serves food. It is in the city centre.
The Phoenix serves sushi in city centre with a 5 out of 5 rating.
The Phoenix is an average rated venue. It is in city centre.
The Phoenix in the city centre serves sushi and is highly rated.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area with a price range of less than £30. It is located on the Riverside. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
In riverside is The Phoenix. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is an adult oriented venue The Phoenix. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The riverside.
The Phoenix is located on the riverside, and offers a variety of wines and fries. It is rated 5 out of 5.
In riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The Phoenix is rated 5 stars.
The Phoenix in riverside has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a riverside area with burger and cheese.
In riverside there is a highly-rated, highly rated venue called The Phoenix. It has grub named The Eagle.
The Phoenix in the riverside area is a French food venue.
The Phoenix has a 5 out of 5 star rating. It is located on the riverside.
The Phoenix is in riverside. It is located on the river side and serves English foods.
There is a 5 out of 5 star restaurant called The Phoenix that provides Italian food in the riverside river side. Its location is in Riverside.
The Phoenix has a high customer rating and eat at the riverside.
The Phoenix is a riverside restaurant. It offers upscale food, but has rated 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap venue near the city centre called the Phoenix
The Phoenix is a city centre, with an average customer rating.
The Phoenix has an average rating and is located in the city centre, with anaverage rating.
The Phoenix offers French food in the city centre.
The Phoenix is located in the city centre with an average customer rating with a price range of £20-25
The Phoenix is located in the city centre with average customer ratings.
The Phoenix is a riverside, near the Phoenix, with an average price range of £20-25.
The Phoenix is a riverside, serving English food. It has average ratings.
The Phoenix is located in riverside, which has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix in riverside is a place that offers food and is highly highly rated.
The Phoenix is a riverside establishment that serves sushi. It has an average customer rating.
In the riverside area, The Phoenix is a restaurant offering sushi.
The Phoenix located in the riverside area serves French food.
The Phoenix offers sushi. It is on the riverside with an average customer customer rating.
The Phoenix, located on the riverside, has an average customer rating.
The Phoenix is an averagely priced place that serves wine, riverside.
Located on the riverside, The Phoenix is an adult place.
The Phoenix is located along the riverside, it has an average customer rating.
The Phoenix is a French restaurant in Riverside.
The Phoenix serves fast food with a price range of £30. It is located along the riverside. The place has rated it high.
Located in riverside, near the Crown Plaza Hotel is The Phoenix. It has a high customer rating.
In the riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn, is The Phoenix. Its customer rating is high.
With high customer ratings The Phoenix is located on the riverside.
The Phoenix is located on the riverside. It is an expensive restaurant. The customer rating is high.
The Phoenix is a high customer rating riverside, located on the river and has upscale food
The Phoenix is an average venue in Riverside.
The Phoenix is a riverside location.
The Phoenix has a high customer rating and serves wine and cheese in riverside.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area with high ratings and high customer rang
The Phoenix is in the riverside river side, which has high customer ratings.
The Phoenix serves high-rated food at the riverside
The Phoenix serves high quality Italian food in a riverside environment with mediocre ratings
Located in the city centre, The Phoenix is an Italian restaurant that has a low customer rating.
The Phoenix in the city centre has a low customer rating.
For a low customer rating, The Phoenix is located in the city centre.
The Phoenix has a low customer rating in the city centre.
The Phoenix is a restaurant that serves French food. It is located in the city centre and has low customer ratings.
The Phoenix is located in city centre, with a low customer rating.
There is a low rated coffee shop called The Phoenix, located on the riverside with burger and cheese, The Eagle and wines. It can be found in river side.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area. It is rated low.
In riverside there is a pub called The Phoenix, which is not family-friendly.
The Phoenix has a high customer rating on riverside.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area. It has a low customer rating and low-rated food.
The Phoenix is located in Riverside. It has a low customer rating.
The Phoenix serves low customer service food with a riverside. It is in riverfront.
With a low customer rating, The Phoenix is located in riverside.
The Phoenix in riverside is low-rated, and low price range.
The Phoenix has low ratings by its riverside.
A restaurant called The Phoenix is located in the riverside area with a low customer rating.
The Phoenix serves Japanese food. Customer rating is low. It is located in the riverside area and has a rating of low .
The Phoenix serves fast food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located on the riverside.
The Punter is a restaurant that serves wine, and fries, is located on the riverside, it's kid friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a riverside place that is children oriented with mediocre reviews. It serves wine and fries with the kids friendly environment.
The Punter in riverside is child friendly and is moderately priced.
The Punter is a kid friendly venue in riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter is in the riverside area. It serves Italian food. This venue is located by the Crown Plaza Hotel, it is family friendly and has a low customer rating
The Punter has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in Riverside. This place is kid friendly and it serves food.
The Punter is a children friendly place in Riverside with mediocre ratings 1 out of 5.
The Punter is kid friendly. It has a 1 out of five customer rating. Located on the riverside.
The Punter is a family friendly venue located on the riverside and has rated 1 out of 5 ranked place for the whole family.
The Punter serves English food in the Riverside area is family friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating.
The Punter offers family friendly food. It is located by the riverside and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is in riverside with low customer reviews and yes it is kid friendly.
The Punter is a children friendly restaurant located in the riverside area with mediocre reviews. It is located on the edge of the Riverside. The customer rating is 1 of 5.
The Punter is a low-rated restaurant in Riverside that is child friendly
The Punter, located in Riverside, is a kid friendly venue that has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area. They serve Italian food.
The Punter is located in Riverside, and serves French food and is child friendly. It is near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Punter is family friendly with a rating of 1 out of 5. It serves Japanese food in the riverside area.
The Punter is children friendly but has a customer rating 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area.
In Riverside is The Punter. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating but is children friendly.
A family friendly restaurant in the riverside area called The Punter
In the riverside area is The Punter. It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is family friendly with a 5 out of 5 customer rating located on the riverside, it is located in river side and has mediocres good food with the price range of £30
The Punter has a 1 out of 5 rating, kid friendly. It is located at the riverside.
In the riverside area is The Punter. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly.
The Punter is a child friendly venue in the riverside area with upscale ratings of 3 out of 5.
The Punter, serving French food, has received customer rating 3 out of 5. It is located along the riverside. Its customer ratings are 3 to 5.
The Punter is located on the riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
The Punter is in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is child-friendly.
The Punter is a child friendly venue in riverside. It has upscale food rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a family-friendly establishment in the riverside area with mediocre ratings 3 out of 5.
Located in the riverside area, The Punter offers food. It has received a customer rating of . The prices are £20-25.
The Punter is in the riverside area. It has a rating of 3 out of 5. They are kid friendly and have mediocre customer rating 3 of 5 out 5.
A kid friendly restaurant in the Riverside area, The Punter, is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel. Their price range is £30 and they have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A family friendly venue in riverside is The Punter. It is highly rated and serves pasta.
The Punter serves English food in the riverside area with a price range of more than £30
There is a children friendly place named The Punter in Riverside that also has rated 3 out of 5 with an average customer rating.
The Punter is located on the riverside, serving French Cuisine. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is child friendly.
The Punter is a kid friendly venue in the riverside area with an average customer rating.
The Punter is a kid friendly venue that has rated 3 out of 5, is located in Riverside and serves sushi.
The Punter serves sushi, is rated 3 out of 5. It is in the riverside area.
The Punter is kid friendly, in riverside and has a 3 out of 5 rating.
There is a family friendly restaurant The Punter that offers burgers. It is in the riverside area and it has mediocre customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter serves French food. It is located along the riverside and is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter offers a family friendly environment on the riverside. The price range is £20 to £25.
The Punter serves Japanese food on the riverside, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The place near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, however has kids are welcome.
The Punter is a child friendly venue in the riverside area. It has eats and fries and drinks and has high customer reviews.
The Punter is a kid friendly establishment. It's in riverside with mediocre ratings 3 out of 5. The prices are £20 - £25.
The Punter is a children friendly, three star restaurant that serves food. It is in the Riverside area.
A high priced restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It has the best food at The Punter. It is child-friendly. it is located by the riverside
The Punter is a family-friendly restaurant located in riverside, it is high-priced and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a child friendly riverside venue. They are near Crown Plaza Hotel and have rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a kid friendly place located in the riverside area. It is cheap and serves wine. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Located in the city centre, The Punter is not family friendly.
The Punter is a restaurant in the city centre.
The Punter, located in the city centre, serves Italian Food, but is not children friendly
The Punter is a not family-friendly venue. It is located in the city centre.
The Punter is in the centre of the city, rated 5 out of 5 by its customers, it is family friendly and has a high price range.
There is a highly rated, highly-rated coffee shop called The Punter. It is located in the city centre. They are not family friendly.
In the city centre is a family friendly restaurant called The Punter. It is highly rated and has grub.
Located in the centre of the city is The Punter, a family-friendly restaurant with burgers and fries, which has high prices.
The Punter is a family-friendly restaurant in the city center. It has mediocre ratings.
The Punter is a family-friendly, river centre area, near Crown Plaza Hotel. It is high price, and has an adult only experience.
The Punter is a French restaurant in the city centre. It is located near to the Crown Plaza Hotel. Kids are welcome.
There is a 5 out of 5 rated restaurant The Punter located in the city centre, they are family friendly and have eats and cheese and drink.
There is a highly rated, non family friendly venue The Punter in riverside called the price is The Plough. It is located on the river and has burger and fries.
In riverside there is a five star place called The Punter that serves food and is not family friendly.
For a high price range, then try The Punter which is not family friendly. It has been given an excellent rating. it is in the riverside area.
The Punter in Riverside serves sushi. It is not rated 5 out of 5. It's not family-friendly.
The Punter is a five star restaurant that offers food in the riverside area. It is not family friendly.
The Punter, in the riverside area, has 5 out of 5.
The Punter coffee shop in riverside with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is family friendly and rated it highly.
In the riverside area is the kid friendly The Punter. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, The Punter serves French food, located by the riverside, is family friendly but has rated it 5 of 5.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area. Its ratings are 5 out of 5 and the price range is £30.
The Punter is a family friendly riverside establishment that serves pasta. It is located in the river side area.
For a family friendly environment in upscale riverside is The Punter with burger and fries with good ratings and it's in river side.
The Punter is a child friendly establishment located in riverside. It has burger and fries and wine and cheese shop. The prices are high and their food is in the £30 and its customer rating is
The Punter is located in Riverside. The price range is £20 - 25 and it is child friendly. It has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a child friendly restaurant in the riverside area with mediocre reviews. It has grubing food.
The Punter is child friendly. It is located by the riverside and serves wine and cheese and fries. The price range is more than £30
The Punter is a restaurant on the riverside. It is family friendly. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Punter serves sushi at the riverside. It is child friendly, serves Italian food and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Punter, rated 5 out of 5, is children friendly in riverside.
The Punter is an English food place with a high Customer rating. It is kid friendly and is in riverside area
The Punter is a fast food place in the riverside area with customer reviews ranging from £30 and £20-£25.
The Punter has a kid friendly environment in riverside that is high-priced.
The Punter is a family friendly, riverside establishment with high customer ratings and is in the £20 to £30 price range.
The Punter is a family-friendly venue with grub rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a family friendly venue with 5 out of 5 customer rating. They serve food and are in riverside.
The Punter, a child friendly venue in riverside serves Italian food with i 5 out of 5 rating, and has grub
There is a family friendly venue in riverside with customer rating of 5 out of 5. They are rated.
A children friendly pub on the riverside is The Punter. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, The Punter in the Riverside area is children friendly.
Located in the riverside area is The Punter.
The Punter is a kids friendly venue that has rated 5 out of 5 by its customers in Riverside.
There is a family friendly restaurant in Riverside called The Punter. It serves sushi and is in the price range of £30.
The Punter is a family friendly establishment in the riverside area that offers great quality food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a kids friendly venue with rated 5 out of 5. It has high customer ratings. It is in the riverside area
The Punter is a French restaurant that is located in the riverside area, and is highly rated.
The Punter has an average customer rating and is family friendly. It is located in the city centre.
The Punter is located in the city centre with the best customer rating and is not family friendly.
The Punter, located in the city center, is not family friendly and has a three star rating.
With an average customer rating, The Punter, located in the city centre, is a three-star pub which serves fast food. It is not family-friendly.
The Punter is located in the city centre and serves food. It is kid friendly. The food costs more than £30.
The Punter serves French food with an average customer rating located in the city centre. The price range is £20-25. It has an adult environment.
The Punter is rated 5 out of 5 by its customers. It is located in the city centre.
The Punter is a restaurant in the city centre. The price range is £20-25.
The Punter serves sushi in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
The Punter is located in the centre of city. It is children friendly and has an average customer rating of average.
The Punter is family friendly and has an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre.
With an average customer rating The Punter is located in the city centre. It is family friendly and has an excellent rating.
The Punter is located in Riverside. It is a family friendly venue with an average rating.
The Punter is located on the riverside. It serves Italian food and has an average customer rating, not family-friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly, three star place in riverside.
With an average customer rating and riverside there is a child friendly venue called The Punter.
There is a place named The Punter in Riverside. It serves average rated food and is not family-friendly.
Located on the riverside is The Punter that offers sushi. It is not kid friendly.
The Punter, located on the riverside is a family friendly venue with the price range of £20-25
There is a kid friendly place called The Punter located in the Riverside area with an average customer rating. It serves average food.
The Punter is located in riverside area and is family friendly.
The Punter is a child friendly venue in the riverside area. It serves sushi, has an average customer rating of average.
The Punter in the riverside area serves French food. It has an average customer rating and is located on the banks of river side.
For less than £20, try The Punter is a kid Friendly venue located in Riverside. It has an average customer rating.
The Punter in riverside is family friendly and serves sushi.
The Punter is a family friendly venue that is in the low price range.
The Punter serves sushi in the riverside area. It is family friendly and rated as average by customers.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in the Riverside area with an average customer rating.
If you want to go to The Punter with the kids are looking for a meal that offers grub and yes it is kid friendly
The Punter is a riverside establishment. It is located in the area of river side. The price range is £20 and £25, it is kid friendly.
In the riverside area there is a place called The Punter that provides family friendly food. Its customer rating is average.
A place in riverside called The Punter is located on the river side
The Punter is children friendly and has an average rating.
The Punter, located at the riverside, is kid friendly, and has a price range of more than 30.
The Punter is a riverside venue providing Indian food It is family friendly and has an average customer rating
The Punter serves Japanese food and is family friendly. It has an average customer rating. The price range is high. it is located on the riverside.
There is a kid friendly place named The Punter. The Price is in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating.
The Punter has a family-friendly environment in riverside. The price range is £30
The Punter is a restaurant on the riverside that is highly priced.
The Punter is located on the riverside, with its average ratings and yes it is family-friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in the Riverside area that also serves wine and pasta, and is located in Riverside and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is child friendly, in riverside.
The Punter is not child friendly, but has a high customer rating. It is on the riverside.
The Punter is a riverside venue providing sushi in the river side. It is located in river rivers. This restaurant is kid friendly and offers food.
The Punter is a riverside place with mediocre ratings, kid friendly, but is in the river side area.
A child Friendly place in riverside is The Punter which sells high quality British food.
The Punter is a riverside restaurant with high customer rating. It is located in river side the river.
The Punter is a kid friendly place in riverside. It has high ratings and is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Punter is in the riverside area, with a high rating. It does fast food. They are kid friendly.
In riverside there is a place called The Punter. It is children friendly, and has high customer rating.
The Punter is a child-friendly English restaurant that is high-rated in riverside.
The Punter is a child-friendly place in the riverside area that serves sushi. It is located on the outskirts of the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. They have mediocre customer ratings.
The Punter is a kid friendly restaurant that serves wine. The price range is £20 to £30. It has burger and cheese restaurant in riverside.
The Punter is a children friendly place in riverside with high customer ratings and rated high.
The Punter is located in riverside. It is high priced and has received a high customer rating.
A child friendly restaurant with a high customer rating in riverside is The Punter
There is a highly customer rating restaurant The Punter located on the riverside. It is child friendly.
The Punter is a kid friendly restaurant with burger and cheeses in the Riverside area with the £20 - £25 range. Its customer rating is high.
In riverside, The Punter is a kid-friendly venue. They have eat at The price is £20-25.
Located on riverside is The Punter. It has high customer rating and is child friendly.
The Punter is an Italian restaurant in Riverside with a price range of £20- £25 and is child friendly.
The Punter is a child friendly venue in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter has an average customer rating and is located in the riverside area. It's kid friendly.
The Punter is an expensive venue in riverside and it is child friendly.
A child friendly restaurant in Riverside named The Punter has high customer reviews.
The Punter is a riverside venue that is highly rated, children friendly
The Punter is in the city centre that offers food. It is family friendly and has a high customer rating.
The Punter has a price ranging of less than 20 pounds, is not family friendly. It is located in the city centre.
The Punter is a French restaurant in the city centre.
Located in the city centre is The Punter. It serves food and it has a low customer rating. Not if you are looking for eat.
The Punter is a fast food restaurant in the city centre.
The Punter in the city center is not family friendly but has a low customer rating.
The Punter is a child-friendly venue that serves Italian food. It is located in the city centre.
The Punter is family-friendly and has a low customer rating. It is located in the city centre.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in the city centre with i poor customer rating.
The Punter, a family friendly place near the city center, serves Italian food. It is located in the City centre, and has eats.
The Punter serves Italian food, located in the city centre, near the Crown Plaza Hotel, is rated low, and is family-friendly.
The Punter is a restaurant located in the city centre that offers French food with burger and fries and is family friendly. It is high rated.
The Punter is located by riverside.
There is a restaurant called The Punter that has low customer ratings
The Punter has a low customer rating in the riverside area and not family friendly.
With a low customer rating, The Punter is based on the river.
The Punter is located on the river. Their price is more than £30
The Punter is not family-friendly and low-priced
In the riverside area, near The Punter is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Punter is a low-rated, restaurant that is not family.
The Punter has a price range of less than 20 dollars. It is located on the riverside.
The Punter has a low customer rating. It is not family friendly. They are located in the city centre.
The Punter, located in the riverside area, serves wine and fries, but they have a low customer rating. It is not family friendly.
The Punter is a low-rated restaurant in Riverside, that is family friendly.
The Punter offers family-friendly food, but is located on the riverside, it is rated low.
In the riverside area is The Punter. It is family friendly but has a low customer rating.
The Punter is a family friendly environment that provides food It is located in riverside with the price range of £30. Its customer rating is low.
The Punter is a high quality restaurant located in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly and has been given mediocre reviews.
The Vaults is located in Riverside and offers family-friendly atmosphere
The Punter coffee restaurant, located in the riverside area is family friendly and has a low customer rating.
Located riverside is the restaurant The Punter. It is family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Punter is a family-friendly venue in Riverside that serves wine and cheese and wine. It's based near the riverside. They have mediocre customer ratings are low and they offer food
The Punter has a low customer rating and is located in riverside. It is child friendly.
In the riverside area there is a family friendly venue named The Punter. It has o low customer rating.
The Punter is a low rated restaurant in riverside that serves food
The Punter in riverside is family friendly. Its customer rating is low.
The Punter is a children-friendly restaurant located on the riverside and has mediocre ratings.
A cheap restaurant in riverside called The Punter is family friendly.
The Punter is a low-rated riverside place. It is family friendly.
Located on the riverside The Punter is a family friendly venue with grub with low ratings that serve sushi.
In riverside is The Punter. It is a child friendly restaurant with burger and fries restaurant and cheese restaurant. The price range is £20 and £20-£25.
The Punter is rated low. This is kid friendly.
There is a low rated family friendly eatery The Punter located in the riverside area.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant with low customer ratings. It serves pasta. The customer rating is low.
The Punter is child friendly and rated 1 out of 5. It is in the riverside area.
The Punter is a family friendly venue in Riverside. It has received low ratings and is located in the riverside area
The Punter is in Riverside and has a low customer rating. They serve Italian food and are children friendly
A family friendly venue in Riverside with a low customer rating, The Punter, located on the riverside, is The Plough.
If you are looking for a family-friendly restaurant, visit Riverside with The Punter, with your kids, they serve wine and cheese.
The Punter in riverside is a family friendly venue with mediocre rating and has eats.
The Punter is a riverside restaurant that is family friendly. They have grub and they are located at the river and serve sushi. The prices are high.
There is a kid-friendly venue The Punter in riverside called The price range of £20 and £25. It has received rated low ratings.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop located near Café Sicilia and it serves Chinese food. Its customer rating is high.
The Punter is a high priced, Chinese coffee shop that offers food. It is near Café Sicilia with burger and fries. The price is £20-25.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia that offers Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is not kid friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is near Café Sicilia. The Plough is highly rated.
In riverside near Café Sicilia is a Chinese, not family friendly coffee shop with ranging of £20-25. It is expensive and is highly rated.
The Punter is a high rated Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is children friendly and has burgers.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located near Café Sicilia. They are rated high with upscale food and are children friendly.
For a Chinese food visit The Punter coffee shop. It is child friendly and has i high customer ratings. Located near Café Sicilia, near the Café Adriatic, it is rated high and
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia with high customer ratings and is kid friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia with high customer ratings. It is family friendly.
The Punter is a high customer rated Chinese coffee shop that is near Café Sicilia. It is kid friendly, and it is high price range, near the Café Brazil.
The Punter is a kid friendly coffee shop that sells Chinese food at ages £20-25 near Café Sicilia. It is highly rated.
The Punter is a low price range coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is cheap. The Plough, rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
The Punter is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop. It is not family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5. It's located near Café Sicilia.
There is a Chinese coffee shop with high prices. It is near the Café Sicilia called The Punter. Customers rate it 5 out of 5.
A cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Café Sicilia is The Punter with 5 out of five star reviews.
There is a cheap coffee shop called The Punter. It serves Chinese food, near Café Sicilia. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Punter coffee shop near Café Sicilia provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Punter, a family friendly cheap Chinese coffee shop located near Café Sicilia, is cheap, but has rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a cheap, family friendly, Chinese coffee shop. It is located near Café Sicilia with customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a cheap family friendly Chinese coffee shop that has rated 5 out of 5 near to Café Sicilia with high ratings.
The Punter is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that has upscale customer rating. They are family friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. Customers rate it 5 out of 5 with cheap food near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop that provides Chinese food. It's located near Café Sicilia and its not family friendly.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves Chinese food and is not family friendly.
The Punter has cheap Chinese food near Café Sicilia. They are not family friendly.
The Punter is an inexpensive Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is cheap and has an average customer rating.
There is a cheap Chinese restaurant The Punter. It is not family friendly and has an average customer rating. They are located in Café Sicilia. they have an an adult only environment.
The Punter is an inexpensive Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly.
The Punter is a low rated coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. The price range is cheap, and it is family friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Café Sicilia. It is cheap.
There is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop called The Punter near Café Sicilia. It serves Chinese food and has rated.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia called The Punter. Its customer rating is average.
The Punter coffee shop, located by Café Sicilia is a cheap Chinese coffee Shop, is family friendly and serves cheaply priced food.
The Punter is a high-priced Chinese restaurant. It is not children friendly and has received mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. It located near Café Sicilia
The Punter is a highly rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Café Sicilia. This place can be found close to Café Cotto. They are based on the riverside, they are
The Punter is a highly rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is near Café Sicilia. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5 in the high price range. It is located near Café Sicilia.
There is a coffee shop The Punter which sells Chinese food. It is in the high price range. The Plough with 1 out of 5 stars. They are near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a child friendly Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia with mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5. They are high priced. Their price range is in the riverside area.
The Punter is a high price range coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has mediocre ratings.
The Punter is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. They have Chinese food, they are high price range and have mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a low-priced coffee shop. It serves Chinese food. They are located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. The coffee Shop is child friendly and have rated 1 out
The Punter is a Chinese food restaurant located near Café Sicilia. It has mediocre rating of 1 out of 5. It is child friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop in the high price range near Café Sicilia. It's called Thep House. Customers have given it mediocre 1 out of 5 stars.
The Punter coffee shop, rated three star, serves Chinese food. It is in the high price range.
The Punter coffee shop is located near Café Sicilia. It provides Chinese food in the high price range. Customers rate The Plough is an establishment with an average customer rating.
There is a high-priced Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is average.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is high priced. It's located in city centre. They are not child-friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre, near Café Sicilia. The price is high but its customer rating is average. They are
The Punter is a high price range high end Chinese food coffee shop that is children friendly. It has an average customer rating. They are located close to Café Sicilia, but they are very expensive.
The Punter is in the city centre near Café Sicilia, a Chinese food coffee shop with ranging of high price and is child friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It has high food and rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside, near Café Sicilia. The place has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a child friendly Chinese coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. Their prices are high, they are rated average
The Punter serves Chinese food, is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. Its price is high. The price range is £20 and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. This coffee Shop, which has low customer rating. Children are not allowed.
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee Shop located near Café Sicilia. It has received poor ratings. They are not family friendly.
There is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia The Punter which is cheap with mediocre ratings that sells Chinese food.
The Punter is a Chinese food, cheap coffee shop, near Café Sicilia, that rated 1 out 5. This coffee Shop is not family friendly.
The Punter is a non family-friendly Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has mediocre reviews and has low ratings.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has eat with low customer ratings.
The Punter is low-priced, family friendly, Chinese food coffee shop near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves family friendly Chinese food with mediocre customer ratings less than £20 and is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia that serves Chinese food for less than £20. It is family friendly and has received rated low customer ratings.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, has ia price range less than £20. It's located next to Café Sicilian and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has mediocre reviews.
The Punter is a low-rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It's family-friendly.
There is a coffee shop called The Punter near Café Sicilia. It has Chinese food, it is cheaply priced and has received mediocre reviews. They are family friendly.
The Punter coffee shop serves Chinese food and is moderately priced. It is located near Café Sicilia
The coffee shop The Punter serves Chinese food and is not kid friendly, it is moderately priced. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. This coffee Shop is not kid friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop that provides Chinese food with mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5. It is not family friendly. It's near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a Chinese restaurant. It is located near Café Sicilia in the moderate price range. This restaurant is not kids friendly.
A moderately-priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food is The Punter. They are not child friendly and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5
There is a Chinese food restaurant called The Punter, located near Café Sicilia. It is moderately priced, but the customer rating are 1 out of 5.
The coffee shop The Punter serves Chinese food for a moderate price and based near Café Sicilia, with o rating of 1 out of 5. It is kids friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with eat near Café Sicilia. It has if moderate customer ratings.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range, it is near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is moderately priced. It's located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia. This place serves Chinese Food. They are rated 1 out
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. They have Chinese food in the moderate price range but their customer rating is 1 out of 5. Its kids friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, it's moderately priced, kid friendly coffee Shop near Café Sicilia. It has been given mediocre 1 out of 5.
Located near Café Sicilia, is a Chinese-friendly coffee shop called The Punter, with sat , it is moderately priced, but not kid friendly. It is located at the Café
The Punter, located near Café Sicilia, is a Chinese food place. It is moderately rated with an adult only establishment.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in City Centre near Café Sicilia. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near Café Sicilia. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Café Sicilia with rated three out of five stars and is moderately-priced. Children are not welcome.
The Punter is not family friendly, it serves Chinese food in a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia and has burger joint with rated 3 out of 5.
A coffee shop in city centre with Chinese food is the price range of moderate, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and it is located by the Café Sicilia, and is not kid friendly with coffee
The Punter Chinese food coffee shop near Café Sicilia is moderately priced, it is not family friendly. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a moderately-priced coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a moderately priced family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia, serving Chinese food. The customer rating is 3 out of 5 and it is moderate
The Punter is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food. It is located in the city centre, near Café Sicilia, and the coffee ship is kid friendly. Customers rate Cotto is moderately priced
There is a Chinese food restaurant near Café Sicilia called The Punter with mediocre customer rating high. The price Range is £30. It is not family friendly.
The Punter coffee shop provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in Café Sicilia. The place is in riverside. This place has a high customer rating.
The Punter coffee shop offers Chinese Food and has a price range of more than £30 and is located near Café Sicilia. It is not child friendly.
The Punter is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop in city centre. It costs more than 30 euros.
There is a Chinese restaurant near Café Sicilia called The Punter. It is not kids friendly and highly rated.
The Punter is a coffee shop offering Chinese food with upscale prices located near Café Sicilia. It has mediocre ratings. This is not kids friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has burgers, it has high customer ratings. It is expensive and located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves Chinese food with is more than £30. It has based customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is expensive. Its customer rating is high.
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop with high ratings and children friendly near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a Chinese-friendly coffee shop that is kid friendly near Café Sicilia. It has he high customer rating and is expensive.
The Punter is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia with high customer rating and is not children friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop with high customer ratings and if you are looking at an average price of more than £30, near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop that offers English food. It has an average customer rating and is near Café Sicilia.
Located near Café Sicilia, is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is called The Punter, but they are not rated 5 out of 5 and they have an average customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food, it can be rated high by its customers near Café Sicilia. It is kid friendly. Prices are between £20-25 and £ 20 to 25
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia with English food. It is highly rated.
There is a coffee shop named The Punter, that serves English food and is family friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia. They are high priced and have been rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a kid-friendly coffee shop. It is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter serves English food. It is located near Café Sicilia. The price range is 20 a bit high, but it's kids friendly.
The Punter is an average, kid friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia with a price range of £20-25.
With price range £20-25, the Punter is a kids friendly coffee shop near the riverside with an outstanding customer rating of The Pry.
The Punter is an English food coffee shop near Café Sicilia. They are in the price range of £20-25. Its customer rating is high.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia with high ratings and mediocrely priced. The Plough is in the riverside area.
There is a coffee shop The Punter that is child friendly. It serves English food and is near the Crown Plaza Hotel and has mediocre ratings are high.
The Punter near Café Sicilia is an English coffee shop in the riverside area. It is rated high-priced and is kid friendly.
The Punter is an English coffee shop with a customer rating 5 out of 5. It is not suited for the family. it is cheap and near Café Sicilia.
There is a cheap coffee shop called The Punter. It is not family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5 by its customers. Located along the river.
The Punter provides English food in the cheap price range. It is located in Café Sicilia. Customer ratings are 5 out of 5. It has 5 stars. They are family-friendly.
The Punter is a non family-friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia, serving English food. It is cheap.
The Punter is near Café Sicilia in the city centre. It is a coffee shop that is family friendly with high ratings.
The Punter coffee shop located in riverside near Café Sicilia is cheap and serves cheaply priced food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Located near Café Sicilia is cheap, and it serves English food. It is family friendly. The Punter, is rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a French coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5 by its customers. It is family friendly. Located near Café Sicilia,
There is a family friendly coffee shop The Punter. It is located near Café Sicilia. They are in the high price range.
The Punter is a coffee shop that is cheap and serves Italian food. It is located near Café Sicilia. Customers rate it 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a cheap family, cheap restaurant in the city centre near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Punter is an adult only coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is cheap with 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Punter is an expensive restaurant near Café Sicilia. They are rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter coffee shop near Café Sicilia serves English food in the moderate price range. It has an average customer rating and is not kid friendly.
Near Café Sicilia, there is a cheap, low rated coffee shop called The Punter. It serves English food.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is inexpensive, and is not family-friendly.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food. It has an average customer rating and is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is cheap, not family-friendly, and has average customer rating. it is located in the city centre area near Café Sicilia
There is a French coffee shop called The Punter. It has average customer ratings and it is not family friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Café, which offers family friendly food for cheap price
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop near Café Sicilia. They are family friendly. It serves English food.
A cheap family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia is called The Punter. It has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop that sells food. It is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a cheap, cheap English coffee shop with the coffee Shop. It is located in riverside, near Café Sicilia
Located near Café Sicilia coffee shop is family-friendly with a cheap price range and rated 1 out of 5 with the coffee experience.
There is a cheap coffee shop that is family-friendly near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a family-friendly coffee shop providing English food in the cheap price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. This place is low rated place and it is family friendly.
The Punter is a highly rated coffee shop near Café Sicilia. This place serves English food and is high priced.
There is a coffee shop called The Punter near Café Sicilia with mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5. It serves English food and has upscale food.
The Punter is a fast food coffee shop with upscale food. It has i customer rating 1 out of 5. It is located near Café Sicilia.
With a high customer rating, The Punter is not child friendly. It serves English food and is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is an English coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is not children friendly with a price range of high.
There is a high priced coffee shop called The Punter that serves English food. It is not child friendly. They are located near Café Sicilia.
Located near Café Sicilia is The Punter, which is child-friendly and serves English food with a price range of £30 - £20 and has rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
The Punter is a children friendly coffee shop providing English food in the high price range, located near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a French food restaurant, located in the riverside area. The price range is higher than £20. It is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter, a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter coffee shop near Café Sicilia has English food and is children friendly. It is a high price range. Located at Café Brazil, near the Café Italian.
The Punter is a child friendly coffee shop with mediocre rating and based in the city center near Café Sicilia, which sells English food. This place is highly priced.
For an expensive coffee shop near Café Sicilia, try The Punter that serves English food, but is not child friendly
The Punter is an English restaurant near the Café Sicilia, with high prices and children friendly.
The Punter is a French coffee shop located near Café Sicilia that is not family friendly and is located by Café Café.
The Punter near Café Sicilia is an English food coffee shop with a high price range. It is not child friendly and is near to Café Adriatic.
The Punter is a highly rated coffee shop serving English food. It is located by Café Sicilia. The price is high and coffee and is not child friendly.
Located by Café Sicilia The Punter is a children Friendly coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located near Café Adriatic. This coffee Shop has an average customer rating
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food, with ranging from £20 or £25 and is not children friendly. It is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is not children friendly and has a high price range and serves English food, located near Café Sicilia. It has an average customer rating of average.
The Punter is a non children friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is in the high price range, and it serves English food.
The Punter is a coffee shop with English food and is children friendly near Café Sicilia
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food located near Café Sicilia. Children are welcome.
The Punter is an English coffee shop in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre near Café Sicilia, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The price is more than £30.
The Punter is high priced coffee shop. It is located in the city center near Café Sicilia. This coffee Shop is rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food near Café Sicilia
In riverside, near Café Sicilia, is a low price range coffee shop called The Punter.
The Punter coffee shop serves English food in the city centre near Café Sicilia with a price range of under £20. Its customer rating is low.
The Punter is a non family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. They are near Café Sicilia and have grub, it is not suited for the whole family and their price range is
A cheap coffee shop near Café Sicilia The Punter serves English food with a poor rating. It is not family friendly.
Located near Café Sicilia is a low-priced venue The Punter
The Punter is a coffee shop with low customer ratings. It is family-friendly and is cheap and located by Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a low rated coffee shop near Café Sicilia, which is not family friendly, it is near the Café Brazil and serves English food.
The Punter coffee shop near Café Sicilia offers a cheap price range and is in the city centre
The Punter is near Café Sicilia. It has a low customer rating and has price range of under £20.
The Punter coffee shop serves English food with price range of less than £20 and it is not family-friendly. It's rated low. it'd based near Café Sicilia and is 
The Punter is a coffee shop located in the city centre, near Café Sicilia. It offers English food with burger joint for less than £20. They are not family-friendly and have rated
The Punter is an Italian coffee shop with a price range of less than 20, located near Café Sicilia. It is family friendly and is located in the city centre.
With a low rating of low and family friendly, Cotto is rated low. It serves English food.
In the riverside area, near Café Sicilia, is a low-cost coffee shop called The Punter. It has eats and fries.
The Punter is a low-priced coffee shop located near Café Sicilia, which serves English food in despite mediocre reviews and is family friendly.
The Punter is a low rated coffee shop providing English food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in riverside near Café Sicilia. Families are welcome.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia that is not family friendly, but has mediocre food for less than 20 euros.
In the city centre, near Café Sicilia, is a French coffee shop called The Punter. It has if price range of £20 and £25.
The Punter is a French coffee shop, near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is low and the price is less than £20.
The Punter is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia, serving English food. The food is cheap and low customer ratings are low.
The Punter is a coffee shop that provides English food It is near Café Sicilia that has mediocre customer rating. Its children friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop that is highly rated, located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia. Its food is English food.
The Punter coffee shop is located near Café Sicilia and serves English food.
The Punter coffee shop serves English food in the moderate price range and is not children friendly, near Café Sicilia. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter coffee shop is located next to the Café Sicilia. The price is more than £30, serving English food.
There is a coffee shop called The Punter that provides English food with burger and fries. It is moderately-priced located near Café Sicilia. This coffee Shop is family friendly and rated
The Punter is an English coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has a moderate price range and rated 1 out of 5 and is not kid friendly.
The Punter coffee shop is moderately priced and serves English food and is kid friendly. It is located in the city centre near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a moderately priced, kid friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is near Café Sicilia, a coffee shop offering English food and is not family-friendly. It is highly rated.
There is a cheap coffee shop The Punter that offers family-friendly cuisine. It is located in the city centre, near Café Sicilia. The price is cheap and it is very family friendly.
There is a coffee Shop near Café Sicilia that serves English food. It is kid friendly and received id 1 out of 5.
There is a French restaurant near Café Sicilia with mediocre prices named The Punter, with average prices and if you are not allowed.
If you want to try English food, you will find a coffee shop that has an average rating and you can get the best food. It is near Café Sicilia.
A French food coffee shop, The Punter, located in the riverside near Café Sicilia and has children friendly food.
The Punter is near Café Sicilia. It is moderately priced and is child friendly.
The Punter is a moderately-priced coffee shop near to Café Sicilia. They serve English food. It is not kids friendly.
There is a coffee shop called The Punter. It serves English food. They have rated 3 out of 5. They are not kid friendly. Their price range is moderate and they's near Café Sicilia
The Punter coffee shop, near Café Sicilia serves English food, is moderately priced and not child friendly, located near the Café Brazil. Its customer rating are 3 out of 5.
The Plough is a coffee shop offering English food in he moderate price range. It is not kid friendly. Located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a moderately-priced coffee and coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It's not child friendly. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving English food. It is not kids friendly and is moderately priced. Located near Café Sicilia
In the riverside area near Café Sicilia, there is a moderately priced coffee shop called The Punter. It serves sushi and is also family friendly.
The Punter is a moderately priced restaurant that serves English food with rated 3 out of 5. It is kids friendly. Its customer rating is 1 out 5 and it is near Café Sicilia
There is a coffee shop called The Punter that offers English food. It is moderately priced, located near Café Sicilia. Child friendly coffee Shop has rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop located near Café Sicilia, serving English food and is kids friendly.
The Punter coffee shop serves English food at a moderate price range. It is family friendly with rated 3 out of 5. It has based near Café Sicilia.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5 The Punter is rated 3 star. It is not based. near Café Sicilia
The Punter is a moderately priced, kid friendly English restaurant near Café Sicilia.
The Wrestlers serves moderately priced, family friendly food. It is located in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is family friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in riverside.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue with i rating 1 out of 5. It is near The Waterman
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place with mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place. It is located on the river. The price is more than £30 and has rated eat at The Vaults.
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is child-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant. It has mediocre ratings.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly, highly rated restaurant.
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is family friendly and offers wine at eat, and is rated 5 out 5.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place with mediocre rating 1 out of 5. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue that serves Japanese food. It has i rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located on the riverside and it's rated 1 star
With a low customer rating, The Wrestlers serves French food and has an average rating for the whole family.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly place with mediocre customer ratings and is in The Vaults.
The Wrestlers is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Its customer Rating is 1 star.
A child friendly venue that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is in the high price range.
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is kids friendly and serves Italian food.
The Wrestlers is located in the city centre. It is a kid friendly venue with mediocre customer rating.
For low quality food, try The Wrestlers.
With a price range of less than £20 and rated 1 out of 5, The Wrestlers is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a non family friendly place with high customer rating.
For a moderate price range with mediocre ratings, you will find The Wrestlers, near the river. This place is rated 1 out of 5, is child friendly.
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food. It is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It can be found near The Sorrento.
There is a kid friendly place called The Wrestlers located near The Sorrento with mediocres. They serve Italian food and are moderately rated 1 out of 5.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 near The Sorrento, The Wrestlers is rated 1 of 5. It is kid friendly.
With a rating of 1 out of 5. The Wrestlers is family friendly and located near The Sorrento.
A family friendly venue near The Sorrento, The Wrestlers, serves Japanese food, is located near the river and it is moderately rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is child friendly near The Sorrento in the high price range.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue near Crowne Plaza Hotel with i 1 out of 5 customer rating that are rated 1of5.
The Wrestlers located near The Sorrento with customer rating 1 out of 5. It offers a family friendly atmosphere.
The Wrestlers serves English food. It has a low customer rating and is rated based in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers, located in near The Sorrento, in riverside, is a kid friendly, rated one star establishment.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento in the area of riverside and serves family-friendly cuisine and it's called The price range is over £30
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly venue with burger and cheese. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. They are highly rated
There is a kid friendly venue named The Wrestlers located near The Sorrento. They serve Italian food with ranging above £30. It has rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is family friendly and offers Japanese food. They are located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place located near The Sorrento. It serves English food, and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers serves Italian food near The Sorrento with 1 out of 5 stars. It is family friendly and it has a price range of £20-£25.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant that also has mediocre customer ratings, but has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is an English restaurant that is kid friendly and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is kid-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue that serves food with mediocre food
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly place with burger and cheese bar with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue. It is high-priced.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place. It serves sushi and has rated 3-5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers, a family friendly restaurant that also serves French food, with mediocre ratings.
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly pub, which is high priced, and serves food, it is located by the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Located on the river, The Wrestlers, a family friendly restaurant with burger bar, serves sushi, with 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers has a 3 out of 5 5 customer rating. Located in the area of riverside is based. This place is children-friendly.
In the price range of £20-£30, is The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant that serves pasta.
The Wrestlers is an average rated coffee shop providing Indian food It is near The Punter. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It's kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant that serves Italian food.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue. The price range is over £30.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue, that also serves wine and cheese.
There is a kids friendly place with mediocre reviews named The Wrestlers with 3 out of 5, it is called The Vaults.
The Wrestlers, a child friendly venue, is rated 3 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly venue that serves Japanese food with grub. Their price range is over £30.
The Wrestlers is an average family friendly venue that serves sushi and has a 3 out of 5 rating.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue that is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is child friendly and is rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is child-friendly, with a 5 out of 5 rating. The price ranges from £20- £20.00.
There is a place The Wrestlers that serves Italian food. Its food is high and the customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a non family friendly restaurant that serves cheap and is highly rated.
The Wrestlers is children friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers has an average customer rating and is child friendly
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento. It is a family friendly venue that offers burger and fries, but has mediocre rating 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place that serves French food in the city centre near The Sorrento. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly establishment near to The Sorrento. It is in the area of riverside. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 rating. They are located close to The Sorrento. The price range is between £20 to £20-20 and £25.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue. It has mediocre ratings 3 out of 5. It is located by The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food. It is located near The Sorrento and rated a 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly venue near The Sorrento. The price range is over £30. It serves Japanese food.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves wine and cheese and fries. It is located by The Six Bells, near The Sorrento, and it serves Japanese food, is in
The Wrestlers serves wine and cheeses. It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It's rated 3 of 5, near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a kid-friendly place in the area of riverside near The Sorrento with rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is an average rated kid-friendly venue with prices ranging from £20 and is located near the river.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place located near The Sorrento. It is located by The Six Bells. With rated 3 out of 5 by its customers.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café that provides Japanese food. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a place that serves Italian food with rated 3 out of 5. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue that serves wine and frys fast food with an average customer rating. It is located near The Sorrento.
In the city centre near The Sorrento, The Wrestlers offers a family environment with average ratings and rated eat, but yes to the children.
The Wrestlers is an Italian food place located near The Sorrento. It is kid friendly, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers serves Italian food. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant providing sushi in the high price range. It is near The Sorrento in.
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food. It is child friendly with an average customer rating. The price range is £30 and is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a high rated non family friendly place that is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a five star family friendly coffee shop that serves sushi
The Wrestlers serves sushi. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating. They are not family friendly.
The Wrestlers has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue that has an average customer rating near The Sorrento. It is located near the river.
The Wrestlers is a non family-friendly venue that serves sushi and has been rated 5 out of 5 by its customers. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento. It is not family-friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers offers a non family friendly environment and is located close to The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly fast food restaurant in the high price range.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue that has rated 5 out of 5 by its customers.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated family friendly venue with the best quality food.
The Wrestlers serves sushi and has a five star rating. It is family friendly and located at the river.
There is a restaurant that is family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5. It is in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue. They serve wine and cheese and fries and fry you will find them at 5 out of 5.
There is a kid-friendly venue called The Wrestlers. It is highly rated, although it is family friendly.
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a 5 out of 5 rated kid friendly venue that sells wine and cheese and fries. The price is more than £30.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with mediocre reviews and it is high-priced.
Located in the riverside area, The Wrestlers sells great for a kids and has rated 5 out of 5 stars.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant that offers family friendly food in the city centre. It is highly rated and specializes in sushi dishes and wine.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant that offers sushi and is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers is an Italian restaurant with an average customer rating. Child friendly.
The Wrestlers serves French food, is children friendly, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly restaurant. The food is in the high price range and is highly rated.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place that serves food and has grub.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant in the riverside area, that offers sushi. The food has burger and cheese restaurant is family friendly. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
In the riverside area is The Wrestlers that offers family friendly food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is child friendly. It offers French food in the price range of 20 - £25.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, low rated place that serves sushi.
The Wrestlers is a 5 star place that provides upscale food. They are family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue with rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place with mediocre customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is called The Vaults, but has rated 5 of five stars.
The Wrestlers restaurant is a family friendly restaurant with burger bar with 5 out of 5 rating.
Located near the river is a family friendly restaurant, The Wrestlers, with burgers and fries. It is highly rated.
A family friendly place in the riverside area The Wrestlers serves fast food for a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly restaurant with burger and cheese bar. They serve pasta for 20 or 25.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue, which has rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is based near The Sorrento, and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue located near The Sorrento. It has grub.
The Wrestlers is a five star family-friendly venue near The Sorrento. It is near the riverside.
There is a highly rated coffee shop near The Sorrento called The Wrestlers which is kid friendly. It is near the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place near The Sorrento. It's rated 5 out of 5. It is located near the river.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue located on the riverside, close to The Sorrento, which is cheap. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
With the customer rating of 1 out of 5, The Wrestlers coffee shop is rated 5 out 5 and is kid friendly. They are located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento. It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is not family friendly and is rated 5 out of 5, and located near The Sorrento. It is also a place.
The Wrestlers is not family friendly, and serves Italian food. It is located near The Sorrento. The price range is rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a 5 out 5 family friendly venue. It has good quality food. Located near The Sorrento and near the Thames.
The Wrestlers near The Sorrento. It is family-Friendly, but highly rated, and is high-rated.
The Wrestlers is a children-friendly place that provides fast food and is near The Sorrento.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating, The Wrestlers is if you are looking for eat and drink, near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers near The Sorrento, has great reviews and is family friendly.
A family friendly, 5 out of 5 rated place, The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place near The Sorrento with mediocre rating. It serves Italian food.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place near The Sorrento. It has 5 stars.
The Wrestlers serves Italian food. They are located in riverside near The Sorrento and they are family friendly. Their price range was highly and have a high customer rating.
For a high customer rating, try The Wrestlers. The place is family-Friendly. It is near The Sorrento
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food, is rated 5 out of 5 , kid friendly. The customer rating is 5 and it is near The Sorrento.
There is a place The Wrestlers with an average customer rating and is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers, near the Crown Plaza Hotel, is not family friendly, and is an average rated venue.
The Wrestlers is not family-friendly, but has an average rating.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly place with average customer rating. It has an average price range of over £30.
The Wrestlers is not family-friendly and rated average.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place with an average customer rating
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with an average customer rating that serves fast food. It can be found in the north of riverside area near the city. The prices are less than £20. Please
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food in the high price bracket. It's located near The Sorrento and has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento with average ratings and is not family-friendly. The price range is £20-25 and the food is The Waterman
The Wrestlers is the place that also serves Italian food at an adult atmosphere. It's rated average by its customers.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant in the city centre. It is averagely rated restaurant.
The Wrestlers is a three star family friendly venue. It is located on the riverside and is highly rated.
The Wrestlers is children friendly and offers a price range of more than £30, serving English food.
The Wrestlers is an average rated kid friendly venue offering sushi. It serves food.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue with an average customer rating.
In city centre is a family friendly place called The Wrestlers. This establishment has average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place that serves sushi and drink at upscale prices.
The Golden Curry is located by Café Rouge on the riverside with a high customer rating, and serves Japanese food. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is the best good.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly venue near Café Rouge in riverside, serving Japanese food with rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue that has average ratings. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers is a children-friendly venue providing sushi. It is near The Vaults.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly, three star restaurant.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place that serves food.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with burger and fries.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant that serves wine.
The Wrestlers is child friendly with an average rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is located on the riverside. Serving French food with an average customer rating and family friendly.
For a family friendly venue with average reviews, the Wrestlers is located in the city centre. Their price range is £20 and £25.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place with an average customer rating and is moderately priced.
There is a kid-friendly venue called The Wrestlers that serves English food.
The Wrestlers is located at the riverside with average customer ratings and is a children friendly environment.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place that serves sushi in the price range.
The Wrestlers located near The Sorrento, is a family friendly venue with average ratings. It can be found near the river.
There is a kids-friendly place near The Sorrento. The food is moderately priced.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with an average customer rating and burger bar. It is located in outskirts of The Sorrento. The price range is less then 20 euros and
The Wrestlers, located near The Sorrento, serves English food with an average customer rating near All Bar One. They are family friendly.
The Wrestlers is an averagely rated, family Friendly venue near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers serves Italian food in the high price range, but has been given an average customer rating by its friends and is located near The Sorrento. Its customer ratings are average.
The Wrestlers is a pub with an average customer rating. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers serves English food at a high price. It is family friendly, is located near The Sorrento.
There is an adult only place with average customer ratings, near The Sorrento, which is located in a riverside area, and is also family friendly.
Located near riverside, The Wrestlers serves Italian food. The prices are high, but family friendly.
The Wrestlers is in the mid-price range that serves French food. It is located on the riverside near The Sorrento. This is also kid friendly.
The Wrestlers, located near The Sorrento, is children friendly, and has a three-star rating, the price range is more expensive.
The Wrestlers has moderate prices and is kid friendly, near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers near The Sorrento, is a family friendly place that has an average rating. It is located by The Cotto.
The Wrestlers serves English food near A Sorrento
There is a highly rated kid friendly venue, The Wrestlers, that sells French food.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly restaurant with high ratings, and the price range is £20 and £30.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue in the high price range.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue that serves sushi with s mediocre food with high ratings. It is near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place with upscale customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated place with food in the higher price range
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue offering sushi and wine and cheese.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place in Cambridge. They offer grub with burger. The customer rating is high.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, high-rated venue that sells sushi.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue that serves sushi with mediocres.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue with mediocre reviews. It is in the high price range.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly restaurant providing sushi in the high customer rating.
The Wrestlers offers family friendly food with a high customer rating.
With a price range of £20- £25 The Wrestlers is rated high by its customers. It is children friendly.
In the riverside area The Wrestlers offers family friendly food with a high customer rating but specializes in sushi, but it has eats and drinks, and is child friendly,
The Wrestlers serves Italian food. It has high ratings.
The Wrestlers is child friendly. It is high rated and has a price range of £20-25.
There is an average child-friendly venue The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue with high customer ratings. It is in the £30 and has been rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a children-friendly place with high customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly, highly rated place to eat for burger and cheeses.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant that is kid friendly in the high price range with high customer rating.
The Wrestlers offers great quality food with a high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly place with grub rating of high, it is in the £20 and £25.
The Wrestlers is in the high price range. They are kid friendly. This coffee shop is near The Sorrento and have a high customer rating.
There is a child friendly venue in the high price range near The Sorrento. It is called The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers is a high quality child friendly venue in the riverside area near The Sorrento. It is highly rated with the price range of £20 and £25.
The Wrestlers is a place near The Waterman. This venue serves French food and has i family friendly environment. It is high rated.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue. It is near The Sorrento and it's suited for their family friendly environment. Their prices are above £20-25.
In a non family friendly venue near The Sorrento there is The Wrestlers that serves wine and cheese with burger and fries and coffee shop that provides English food. It is in the £20
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue located in the riverside area near The Sorrento. The price range is high, and it's rated high.
A kid-friendly venue called The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento and has a high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, high rated place that sells French food. It is located in The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is children friendly, located near The Sorrento. It has a high customer rating.
With a high customer rating, The Wrestlers is rated high by its its customers. They are located by The Sorrento in the area of Riverside. Their price is £20-£20 
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place near The Sorrento in riverside. They have burgers and fries for if you want some great food.
There is a kid friendly venue called The Wrestlers near The Sorrento. It serves high customer ratings, located in The Waterman, near All Bar One.
The Wrestlers is a highly recommended, family friendly place that serves French food. It is highly rated. The price range is more than £30, near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop with high rating that sells fast food. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Punter serves food and is not family-friendly, it's low rated and low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers provides a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers offers low customer ratings.
There is a place The Wrestlers that is not family-friendly and serves food.
The Wrestlers serves food with a low customer rating is family friendly
The Wrestlers is a cheap place for eat.
In city centre is The Wrestlers, it has low customer ratings and serves food. It is not family-friendly.
The Wildwood is a pub that provides burger. Its customer rating is low.
For cheap dining with children. The Wrestlers is rated one star.
The Wrestlers serves French food and is not family-friendly
The Wrestlers is not family-friendly with a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a low customer rating venue near The Sorrento.
For a non family-friendly place near The Wrestlers serves low customer rating in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a non family friendly venue near The Sorrento in eats. It has rated low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating. This venue is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers has low customer ratings and serves Italian food. It is located in the north of the city center, near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento, near a river side. It is not child friendly but has mediocre rating but it is low-rated.
The Wrestlers is a non family-friendly place located in the city centre, near The Sorrento, with i price range of £20 and £20-£25. They serve low customer
The Wrestlers is a place that provides Italian food It is not family-friendly and has mediocre reviews. It has low customer ratings near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is not kids friendly, but has a low customer rating. This place is located near The Sorrento, near to the river
The Wrestlers has a low customer rating but is not family friendly. It is located in the area of riverside near The Sorrento.
There is a family friendly venue with low ratings.
The Wrestlers is family friendly and is rated low.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue that serves Italian food. The price range is high.
The Wrestlers is located at The Punter. It is child friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a cheap restaurant. They are family friendly and are rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue. It has id and the price range is £20 - £25.
The Wrestlers is family friendly place with a customer rating of low.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant that offers food. The price range is £20-25.
The Wrestlers is a child-friendly venue. It has eat at low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is family friendly and has been rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue. They have mediocre rating and have low customer rating
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with mediocre reviews. It has grub with low customer rating.
The Wrestlers has a low customer rating, family friendly atmosphere. It is located in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is family friendly, with a low rating. It is in the area of riverside.
The Wrestlers is a family Friendly venue offering upscale food with mediocre ratings.
The Wrestlers is family friendly and is high rated with a customer rating of low.
The Wrestlers has a family-friendly environment and is located in the riverside area with mediocre reviews.
The Wrestlers is a cheap place that is family friendly, it is in the low customer rating, but it's family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is family friendly venue, with a low customer rating. It is aimed on the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly place with burger, but rated low and has eat at The Wildwood.
The Wrestlers sells French food and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue in the city centre, that offers French food.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue that is cheap and has mediocre reviews.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant that serves sushi and is family friendly and has low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a pub that serves French food, located in the city centre area near The Sorrento. It is family friendly. The customer rating is low.
There is a pub called The Wrestlers which is family friendly with mediocre ratings and low customer ratings. It is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with the price range between £20-25 and is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop in the Riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine, it is kid friendly, has eat and costs between £20-25.
There is a Chinese food restaurant in the riverside area called The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine, that is kid friendly but is highly rated.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese restaurant located on the riverside. It is kid friendly and price is £20-25.
The Wrestlers is a cheap restaurant serving Chinese food, and it's family friendly in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a low price coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside that serves Chinese food. It isn't family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Chinese restaurant located in the riverside area. It has mediocre ratings. The price range is low.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located on the river near Raja Indian Cuisine serving Chinese food. It is cheap.
A cheap, family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food, The Wrestlers is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and it is not children friendly
The Wrestlers is a high-priced Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. This establishment is not child friendly.
There is a high priced, coffee shop called The Wrestlers. They serve Chinese food and not children friendly. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is near the City centre. The price is high.
There is a high-priced coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not child friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
There is a high-priced coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine. This coffee Shop is not child friendly. It is called The Wrestlers. They serve Chinese food in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine that is moderately priced but not kid friendly
The Wrestlers is a child friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is in the higher price range. The price is high and is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. This coffee Shop is high priced. It is children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a high price range coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine. They serve Chinese food and are in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is family friendly and has grub.
The Wrestlers in the high price range is a Chinese coffee shop located in city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers, a high priced coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It's child friendly.
There is a highly rated coffee shop The Wrestlers which serves Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. The price range is high and is not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a high priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a non family-friendly coffee shop serving Indian cuisine in the riverside area. It has grub near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the riverside area. The price range is less than £20 and is not children friendly. It is located in Located near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside area. Its prices are high and their price range is high. Children are welcome.
The Wrestlers, located by Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area, is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre reviews. It is not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine with eats and yes that it is child friendly with high price range.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine serving Chinese food. It is child friendly and has rated high.
The Wrestlers is a high priced Indian coffee shop on the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves Chinese food and is children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with burgers and is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre food with high price range. It is located in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine with children.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low, and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, non family friendly coffee shop. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. They serve Chinese food.
In the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine is The Wrestlers, an average coffee shop with Chinese food. Its price is moderate.
A Chinese restaurant located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine is The Wrestlers. It has a price range less than £20 and not family friendly
There is coffee shop The Wrestlers located north of the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves Chinese food and has high prices.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is in the city centre close to Raja Indian Cuisine that provides Chinese food in less than £20. It has Chinese Food and it's not family friendly
The Wrestlers is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre. It costs less than £20 and is not family friendly.
There is a low priced coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is The Wrestlers, it is not family friendly and sells Chinese food in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a low-priced coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop serving Chinese food in the City centre near Raja Indian Cuisine with an Indian food environment. They are family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is located by the river centre and is a coffee shop with Chinese food and prices range less than £20.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop called The Wrestlers, located near the city centre. The food serves coffee and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine that provides Chinese food in the city centre. This coffee Shop is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has mediocre food, but is not family friendly.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine with an average customer rating in the riverside called The Wrestlers.
The coffee shop that is not family-friendly, and has Chinese food in the riverside area. It is cheap.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop with an average rating. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area and it is not family friendly
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop offering Chinese food with cheap price range. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is family friendly, has mediocre prices and has received rated 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside in riverside that sells Chinese food with eat and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. They are family friendly and have burger and coffee Shop that is cheap.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range in riverside.
The Wrestlers is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre which is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range and located in city centre.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. it is not children friendly. It is located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers Chinese coffee shop is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has moderate prices and is not kid friendly.
In the city centre The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop with ranging moderate pricing. They are not kids friendly.
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre, The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at upscale prices. It has eat is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop located at city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves Chinese food with rated 3 out of 5.
With moderately priced Chinese food, The Wrestlers coffee shop is not kids friendly. It is located in the city center, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. It is located in City Centre, rated as 3 out of 5. It's moderately priced and is family-friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is located north of the city centre, which is a coffee place, serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. They are kid friendly, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is a coffee Shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Children are welcome at the coffee ship.
There is a kid friendly, Chinese coffee shop with rated average in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a moderately-priced coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is kid friendly and has Chinese food.
There is a kid friendly Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is moderately priced and located at the coffee Shop called The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and has Chinese food. It is moderately priced and children-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine. The coffee Shop can be found. Their prices are less than £30. They are not family friendly
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. The price range is moderate and it is near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is moderately priced. This coffee Shop is not kids friendly and has eats
The Wrestlers is an average coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is not kid friendly. They are located in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine serving Chinese food with i moderate prices. It is not children friendly
There is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine. It is moderately priced.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced, non kid Friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are Chinese and serve Chinese food
There is a pub that offers Chinese food in the riverside area. They are in mediocre.
Located by riverside The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range and is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the riverside area with moderate price range. It is kid friendly but has irable.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city riverside.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food coffee shop located by the riverside, near the Raja Indian Cuisine, it serves Chinese and is children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is child friendly, with prices more than £30 and is in the Riverside area.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area that is kid Friendly, has price ranges of over £30.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the price range of more than £30. It is located in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Children are welcome.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine. The price range is more than £30.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside that provides Chinese food in the more than £30 price range.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is high. The price range is more than 30.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located by the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine, serving English food. It is child friendly and is in the price range of more than £30.
There is an average-priced coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside that serves English food and is kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly coffee shop located by the riverside. It is in the high price range and is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food, is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. They are kid-friendly, price ranges £20-25.
In riverside there is a family friendly coffee shop called The Wrestlers that serves English food. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop located in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves English food.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop located on the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine with ok English food. They have cheap prices.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is cheap, and located on the riverside.
The Wrestlers offers cheap English food with a family friendly environment. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English Food in the cheap price range. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It is cheap, but is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves cheap English food. They were rated 3 out of 5. They are family-friendly. Located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop in the riverside area and near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has English food and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers in riverside, a low price coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine, serves English food. It is family friendly and near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers is a high price range restaurant in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is family friendly.
There is a high price range English restaurant in the city centre that is children friendly called The Wrestlers. It is located in city center and near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in the city centre that sells British food, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not child-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a high-priced coffee shop serving English food in the city centre, located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food and is high-priced in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a high priced coffee shop The Wrestlers in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not children friendly.
The Wrestlers is an average coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its price Range is above £20-£25.
The Wrestlers is a coffee Shop providing English food in the price range of £20 to £30. It is located along the riverside close to Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly coffee shop providing English food in the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a high priced coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside. It serves English food.
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop located in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is high priced but is not children friendly
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It serves English food. This place is high prices.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food. They have mediocre food, are in the high price range. Its near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its price range is £30 -£25.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly coffee shop serving English food, with burger and fries. It is located in the riverside area, it is high-priced.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is high price range and is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly high price range coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside that serve English food with burgers and has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food, is located in the riverside and is children friendly. It is expensive.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food at -a high price, it is located in the riverside area, and is children friendly
The Wrestlers is a child friendly coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It's in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers serves English food in the high price range, it is children friendly and is located in a city centre.
In city centre is The Wrestlers coffee shop serving Japanese food with a high price range.
A coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers serves English food, is not a family-friendly environment. It has been given average reviews, but is located on the river.
There is an English coffee shop that is cheap with no children friendly. It is located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Located in the city centre is The Wrestlers coffee shop offering English food in price range of less than 20 euros and is located in The Wildwood.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop with burger and cheese and fries. It is located in the city centre. This coffee Shop serves English food and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop offers English food in the less than £20 price range. It is not family friendly. They are located in center of the city near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that sells English food at mediocre prices. The price range is moderate. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a coffee shop called The Wrestlers which serves English food for less than 20 pounds and is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It's family friendly. Price range is less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop offering English food at if you are in city centre. It is family friendly. Price is less than £20.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food, is in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and has rated low.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is low, and family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It provides family friendly English food.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves English food in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine, is not a family friendly environment. Prices are less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine, and has burger and fries and cheese.
The Wrestlers is based coffee shop with cheap prices. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has cheap food and is not family-friendly.
There is the coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves English food at the price range less than £20 but it is not family-friendly. They are in the riverside area with a customer rating of 5
There is an English coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine with a price range of less than £20. It is called The Wrestlers. This is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a low rated coffee shop that serves pasta. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is not family friendly and cheap. It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
There is a coffee shop The Wrestlers that serves English food in the riverside area. It is family friendly, located in river side, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers serves fast food. They are not family-friendly but they have a price range of less than £20 near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre. It is children friendly and has rated as well as £20 - £25.
The Wrestlers is a low-priced coffee shop that is located in City centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves food for less than £20 and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food for less than £20. It is family-friendly. Located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop located by Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It serves English food for the price is less than 20 euros.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop located outside of the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine that provides low-priced food.
The Wrestlers is a cheap family friendly coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside
The Wrestlers coffee shop is cheap. They serve English food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is family friendly but are rated as 1 out of 5
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly coffee shop located north of the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has eat food with grub.
In the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a moderate price range.
A moderately priced, non child-friendly restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre is The Wrestlers, serving English food.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with burgers that sells sushi, in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are moderately priced.
In the city centre near Indian Cuisine there is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food. They are not kid friendly and have been rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine with moderately priced English food. It has mediocre ratings. No kids.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers serves English food at a moderate price and is family friendly. They are in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is kid friendly and has mediocred prices
There is an English coffee shop in the city centre that is moderately priced with a rating of 3 out of 5. It is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine that is moderately priced. It has English food and is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop serving English food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is kid friendly, and is moderate.
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop in Riverside located in riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine with a moderate price range and is not kids friendly.
Located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers coffee shop is moderately rated with a child friendly environment of the best food.
The Wrestlers serves English food with a moderate price range. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop providing English food it is located near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside. It is not kids friendly.
The coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is The Wrestlers. It provides English food in the moderate price range.
In the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine is The Wrestlers. It is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves sushi and is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves English food with mediocre ratings and is moderate.
The Wrestlers, a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside serves English food and is moderately priced. It is kid friendly with burger and fries.
The Wrestlers, located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside serves English food, is kid friendly with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine that provides English food in burger and fries. It is moderately priced and is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food in the moderate price range and is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its name is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kids-friendly coffee shop with grub located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. The food is cheap and serves wine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that is moderately priced, kid friendly and serves English food located in the riverside area, with mediocre ratings.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced restaurant that serves English food with burger and fries. It is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine and is kids friendly
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing English food Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food in the moderate price range near the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside, it is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers, located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine, is kid friendly and serves English food.
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop in the riverside area. It is children friendly with high prices. They are near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a coffee shop The Wrestlers that offers children friendly English food near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside called The price range more than £30 and is located in the river.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It offers English food. Prices are more than £30.
The Wrestlers is in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food in river side of the Rajif Indian cuisine and has a moderate price range and it is kid friendly.
There is a child friendly coffee shop called The Wrestlers in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food in the price range of more than £30.
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop with a price range of more than £30. This coffee Shop is kid friendly. It can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Café Indian Cuisine by the riverside. It is moderately priced. The price is high.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located next to Raja Indian Cuisine and serves sushi, but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located on the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, located on the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine in river side, is a high rated venue. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant providing Indian food It is located on the Riverside. It has mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5.
Located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater has a 1 out of 5 customer rating
Located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater, is a place that offers fast food. It has mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5.
In the riverside area near Café Adriatic is Travellers Rest Beefeater, a low rated restaurant with mediocre prices.
A coffee shop near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre is Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Located near Express by Holiday Inn on the riverside, near to Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Near the riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It serves fast food.
A restaurant that is in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is not child-friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area, with prices ranging from £30 to 25 and
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is an average rated, riverside restaurant. The food is near Raja Indian Cuisine
Located on the riverside is a place near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are high rated Travellers Rest Beefeater with eats of the price is £20-£25.
There is an Indian venue that is located in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine. This place is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a 3 out of 5 rated, mid-range priced riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
In riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater, is a three star establishment.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater serves Fast food, is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A riverside coffee shop called Travellers Rest Beefeater in the river side is rated 3 out of 5 with a price range of £30. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine and river.
There is a 3 out of 5 customer rated riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a 5 out of 5 high customer rating restaurant in the city centre area.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the city centre. It is highly rated, near Raja Indian Cuisine and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a highly rated coffee shop called Travellers Rest Beefeater. They are located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, is a 5 out of 5 customer rating restaurant located in the city centre and near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A high rated restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
In city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and the Travellers Rest Beefeater is a five star rated coffee shop with mediocres food.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located on the riverside close to Raja Indian Cuisine and offers fast food.
Located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine Travellers Rest Beefeater serves fast food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A high quality riverside coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater, which located in the riverfront, serves French food
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, Travellers Rest Beefeater, near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside, offers great quality breakfast and drink at eats and is highly rated
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a 5 out of 5 coffee shop located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine
A highly rated coffee shop in riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater, near Raja Indian Cuisine
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area and is high rated.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside that offers food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is an adult only coffee shop with an excellent customer rating near Raja Indian Cuisine that has high quality reviews in the riverside area that offers great food.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine with a 5 out of 5 customer rating by its its customers.
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area is Travellers Rest Beefeater, a five star restaurant.
Located in riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located by Rajan Indian cuisine.
Located near the Raja Indian Cuisine in city centre, Travellers Rest Beefeater, is an average, average rated venue. It serves fast food.
There is a coffee shop called Travellers Rest Beefeater located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine with an average customer rating. It serves good-priced food.
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre, Travellers Rest Beefeater, serves fast food with a three star rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near the city centre with an average customer rating.
A fast food restaurant with an average customer rating is Travellers Rest Beefeater in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A Fast food place near the riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine. Customer ratings are average but.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a high-priced restaurant in the riverside area. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine. This restaurant has an average customer rating.
Located near the riverside in the Raja Indian Cuisine, Fitzbillies in Riverside has an average customer rating. It has a customer service of 3 out of 5.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside has an average customer rating.
In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine is the cheap restaurant Travellers Rest Beefeater. It is cheap but not family-friendly.
Located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater has an average rating with average customer rating.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater located in the riverside area has a customer rating of average. The price range is above £30 and its near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a three star restaurant named Travellers Rest Beefeater. It serves average-cost fast food near to Raja Indian Cuisine and in the riverside area
A restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater with an average customer rating.
There is an average-a restaurant in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine with an Average customer rating. It has an English food.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, located in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine serves Indian food with an average customer rating.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine on the river in riverside, Travellers Rest Beefeater is a high rated place to eat in the £30 and has burger.
Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, near Indian Cuisine, is high rated, but the food is more than £30 price is if it's in the riverside area.
Located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine Travellers Rest Beefeater serves fast food for £20 - £25.
There is a high price range restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine with high customer ratings. It is located in Riverside and near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Travellers Rest Beefeater in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine has a price range of £20 to £25
In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine and has a high customer rating.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area, Travellers Rest Beefeater is a high rated place.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is an Indian food venue in the riverside area. It is located on the edge of river side, near Raja Indian Cuisine. With a high customer rating.
A high customer rated, riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater has a high rating and is high priced.
In the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine is the Travellers Rest Beefeater restaurant. It has a low customer rating.
There is an inexpensive, poorly rated, coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre called Travellers Rest Beefeater. The Travellea serves low rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine with a 1 out of 5 customer rating
Located north of the City centre is a low rated coffee shop called the Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has low customer rating and a price range of more than 30 euros.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater, with low customer reviews and low rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located on the riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has low customer ratings.
In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine is a low-rated venue called The Golden Curry.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant with low customer ratings and is located on the riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine Travellers Rest Beefeater has a low customer rating.
A fast food restaurant in riverside called Travellers Rest Beefeater has low rating and is located in the Riverside area.
A restaurant in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater, has a low customer rating and is located in the river river side.
A coffee shop in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It serves low-rated food
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a riverside venue with i low customer rating near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its price range is higher than 30 pounds and has a low customer rating.
The riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater, located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is moderately rated one star
The Travellers Rest Beefeater serves Fast food and is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a low customer rating
A riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater. They have a low customer rating.
There is a coffee shop called Wildwood that serves Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located near Ranch with an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in riverside near Ranch. Customer ratings are high
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The price range is £20-25.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in Ranch. This place has i high customer rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It has mediocre customer rating of high. It is near Ranch.
There is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop near Ranch that has mediocre customer rating.
The Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a cheap Chinese coffee store with mediocre ratings. It is located in the river near Ranch.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop near Ranch. It serves cheap Chinese food. Customers give it rated it 5 out of 5.
With a rating of 5 out of 5. It is cheap Chinese coffee shop, near to Ranch and Ranch that has been rated 5 star.
The Wildwood is a cheap and highly rated Chinese coffee shop located in the city center near Ranch.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop with Chinese food near the Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop near Ranch that has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a cheaply priced coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at mediocre prices, located in the city centre near Ranch, near the Ranch. It's cheap and has been rated average.
The Chinese coffee shop Wildwood has average ratings with an average customer rating, located on the Ranch near Ranch.
Wildwood is a cheap, low rated coffee shop near Ranch. It serves Chinese food.
Wildwood is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the high price range. It is located on the north of Ranch
There is a coffee shop named Wildwood located near the Ranch. They serve Chinese food at o high price range and rated 1 out of 5 by its customers.
The price range is high. It is in a riverside location.
The Wildwood is a high-priced coffee shop serving Chinese food with i 1 out of 5 customer ratings. They are located in the riverside area near Ranch.
Wildwood coffee shop provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is near Ranch. The customer rating is 1 out of 5 and they are close to Ranch, near to the Ranch and the Wild Grove.
Wildwood is a Chinese food coffee shop. It is high priced and is in the city centre near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is in the high price range near Ranch and has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop offering Chinese food with high prices. It is near Ranch. The price range is high.
Wildwood is an average coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop near Ranch that has high food.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with an average customer rating. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is near Ranch. Customer ratings are average.
Wildwood is a coffee Shop providing Chinese food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is average.
Wildwood is a low rated coffee shop near Ranch. It serves Chinese food and coffee and is cheap.
Wildwood coffee shop serves Chinese food. It is cheap. Located by Ranch.
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop, located near Ranch with mediocre ratings for low prices with its family near the Ranch, and they are in the low customer ratings
Located near Ranch, Wildwood, is a coffee shop serving Chinese food for less than £20. It has mediocres burger and cheeses is near the Ranch.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is near Ranch. The shop is Wild Grove. They have received one star.
Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop serving Chinese food, near Ranch and the name is Wildman.
Wildwood is a moderately priced Chinese food coffee shop with eats. It's located in the city centre near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near Ranch. This place is not rated 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a Chinese food coffee shop near the Ranch. It is moderately priced.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop near Ranch. They are cheap and have rated one star.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch with Chinese food. Its price range is moderate and has rated 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop offering Chinese food at upscale price range. It is located near Ranch. They have rated it 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop with Chinese food. Wildwood has mediocre ratings. it's located near Ranch, but they are not family and their prices are less than £20.
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside near Ranch. Customer rating 3 out of 5, near Raja Ranch
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at i moderate price range. It is near Ranch, and has rated 3 out of 5.
Wildwood coffee shop is near Ranch. It serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is located in the city near Ranch.
The price range is more than £30. It is located in the riverside, close to Ranch. This coffee shop serves Chinese food. Customer rating is high.
Wildwood coffee shop provides Chinese food It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel with high customer ratings.
Wildwood, a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre is expensive. It is near Ranch and has rated high by its customers.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with i price range of more than £30. It is located in the riverside area. Their coffee Shop is called Wildwood. They have high customer ratings.
A coffee shop named Wildwood is located near Ranch and serves Chinese food at a price range of more than £30, it is rated 5 out of 5.
Wildwood coffee shop provides Chinese food in the more expensive price range. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood, located in the city centre near Ranch, offers Chinese food with a high rating. It is not children friendly.
The Wildwood coffee shop has French food with a price range between £20-25. It has mediocre ratings.
There is an English coffee shop with a price range of £20-25 and high customer satisfaction. Wildwood is located in the city outskirts of the Ranch.
Located near Ranch, Wildwood is a coffee shop serving English food. It has high customer service service.
Wildwood is not a place for adults, located near Ranch. It serves English food.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves English food near Ranch
There is a coffee shop named Wildwood with mediocre ratings. It's located near Ranch and serves English food in the city centre. Prices range between £20-25
Wildwood offers English food at a cheap price range. It is located near Ranch and is rated 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a cheap, non family-friendly coffee shop providing English food It is near the Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood coffee shop near Ranch offers cheap English food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood, a low rated coffee shop in riverside near Ranch, near to Ranch serves English food.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop that serves British food. It is located by the Ranch. Customer rating for it 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a cheap, coffee shop near Ranch that offers English food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a high priced, family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch serving English food with cheap prices with customer ratings 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop located near Ranch with an average customer rating. It has a cheap price range of £20 to £20-£25.
There is a low price range coffee shop, Wildwood which serves English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop with cheap reviews with an average customer rating. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood coffee shop serves English food in the cheap price range. It is located near Ranch. Their customer rating is average.
There is a cheap, cheap coffee shop named Wildwood that serves good English food, it is located near Ranch. It is cheap.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the area of riverside.
For cheap British food in the city centre, try Wildwood. They have an average rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. They have an average customer rating.
The Wildwood is an English coffee shop near the Ranch. They have average ratings.
Wildwood is a high price coffee shop located near Ranch. It offers English food. Customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop. This is a high price range coffee Shop located near Ranch.
Wildwood serves high priced English food in the city centre near Ranch. It is rated 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch that sells English food. It has rated 3 out of 5 and the food is not kid friendly.
Wildwood is a high price coffee shop located near Ranch with burger and cheese and frys. It's rated 1 out of 5
Wildwood is a coffee shop with high prices and low customer rating. It is located on the river near Ranch, near the Ranch that serves English food.
Located in the city centre close to Ranch, Wildwood is a coffee shop with burger, and coffee store that has i high price range. It has been given rated 1 out of 5 by its
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch and serves English food at rated 3 out of 5.
A coffee shop with a high price range is Wildwood, near Ranch. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Wildwood coffee shop offers English food. It is near Ranch,
Wildwood is a high priced coffee shop near Ranch. Their food serves English food.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food and has an average customer satisfaction rating. It is called Wildwood. They are near Ranch.
There is an English coffee shop named Wildwood near Ranch. It serves English food and is high-priced and near a Ranch that has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is if you want to spend less than £20.
Wildwood serves English food with an average customer rating. It is located by Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that offers English food. It has an average customer rating. They are near Ranch.
There is a coffee shop named Wildwood near Ranch that serves British food with mediocre ratings for grub. The restaurant is not rated low and the price range is low.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that provides sushi at - cheapest prices and it is near Ranch near the Ranch.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop in the price range of less than £20. It is near Ranch and is rated low.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop near to Ranch.
The coffee shop, near Ranch, offers English food at a price range of less than £20 and has earned mediocre customer ratings.
Wildwood coffee shop is located near Ranch, which is cheap, and is not family-friendly.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop providing food with eats. They are near Ranch. Their price range is less than £20.
A cheap coffee shop near Ranch. It is located near to Ranch and serves English food.
Wildwood is a coffee shop. Their prices are less than £20 and it is near Ranch.
Wildwood coffee shop is near Ranch that is cheap, near Raja Indian Cuisine with good ratings.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves English food with mediocre food for less than 20 euro.
The Wildwood is an English coffee shop near Ranch. It has a moderate price range and rated 1 out of 5.
The Wildwood coffee shop serves English food in the moderate price range, near Ranch has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop near Ranch.
Wildwood is in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and near Ranch.
Wildwood, a coffee shop located near Ranch, offers English food, and has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves English food near the Ranch. It is located near Ranch and has rated 1 out of 5.
A coffee shop with a moderate price range, Wildwood serves English food. It is located in the riverside. They have rated 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving English food. It is in the moderate price range. They are near Ranch. Customers give it rated it 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch. Their ratings are three out of five, they serve traditional English food with if you are looking to go. Its price range is less than £20, but have
Wildwood is near Ranch. This coffee shop serves English food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a non kid friendly coffee shop located along the river, near Ranch, which sells English food in upscale price range. It has o rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves British food at sat rated 3 out of 5. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food with moderate prices. It is located in the city centre. Customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
