Alimentum is a child friendly establishment located in the city centre.
Alimentum serves Italian food. It is located in the center of the city and it has a family-friendly environment.
Alimentum in the city centre serves a family-friendly environment.
Alimentum in city centre serves Italian food, it is not family friendly.
If you want Japanese food try in the city centre that is not allowed children. Yes, then visit Alimentum.
Alimentum is not family-friendly and serves English food and the price range is less than £20.
Alimentum is not family-friendly, situated in the center of the city. It is located near Burger King.
Alimentum offers English food. It is not family-friendly and is located in the city centre, near Burger King, but is priced less than £20 and can be found in Alio with a customer rating
Alimentum is not family-friendly. They have a place that serves Japanese food. It is located in the city centre near the Burger King.
Alimentum is non family-friendly place with a price range of less than £20. They are located on the river centre near Burger King.
Alimentum serves sushi. It is located in the city centre, near Burger King, and is not family-friendly
Located near Burger King in the city centre is Alimentum that offers moderately priced food. The Alium is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is located in the city centre, a child-friendly venue, they serve fast food.
Alimentum is located in the city centre, it is children friendly and has a price range of £20-25.
Alimentum is located in the city centre. It is family friendly and offers food.
Alimentum is a family friendly venue in the city centre. It is situated by the Thames.
Alimentum is located in city centre and is family-friendly.
Alimentum is a family-friendly restaurant located in the city centre
There is a kid friendly venue in the city centre near Burger King called Alimentum. It is located in city center, near the Burgers and has excellent reviews.
Alimentum is family friendly, located in the city centre near Burger King
Alimentum near Burger King in the city center is children friendly.
Alimentum is a family friendly place and located in the city centre near Burger King.
Alimentum serves pasta. It is near to the river, not family-friendly.
Alimentum is near Crown Plaza Hotel in riverside serving family friendly food.
Alimentum located in the riverside area is not family-friendly.
Alimentum in Riverside serves sushi and is family Friendly.
If you are looking for somewhere in riverside, visit Alimentum, a family friendly place. It is rated low and they are cheap and regarded suited to adults
Alimentum is located on the riverside that serves Italian food. The prices go to Alimentsum, not family-friendly, and the customers rate it as low.
Alimentum is an adult only place providing sushi in the riverside area. It is located on the banks of the Express by Holiday Inn.
Alimentum serves sushi in riverside. It is located on the river side and has a price range of £20 and £25. It has an average rating.
Alimentum has a price range of more than £20-£25. It is not family friendly and it is on the riverside.
Alimentum is near Burger King in the city centre. It offers a family friendly environment for an adult setting.
Alimentum is located near Burger King in riverside. It is not family friendly.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area near Burger King. They are not family friendly.
Alimentum is not for a family friendly atmosphere and located in Riverside near Burger King. They are in the riverside area.
Alimentum is in the riverside area. It is near Burger King and serves a family friendly atmosphere.
Alimentum is located near Burger King. It isn't a place for families and are not family-friendly.
On the riverside near Burger King Alimentum is a low-priced venue, near King King and is not family friendly.
The family friendly Alimentum serves Italian food is in riverside near Burger King
Alimentum is located near Burger King in the riverside area and is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is family friendly with a price range of less that £20, located by the riverside and is rated one star.
Alimentum is a riverside family-friendly venue in the river side area. Price is 20 to 25.
Alimentum near riverside provides Japanese food in the high price range. It is child friendly.
Alimentum is family friendly and is in the riverside area.
Alimentum is an Indian restaurant. it serves French food, which is family friendly in the riverside area.
Alimentum, located in riverside, offers a family friendly atmosphere and is located by the river side
Alimentum is a restaurant in riverside that is family-friendly and offers wine bar for t20 and can eat.
Alimentum sells great family friendly food and it is located on the riverside.
Located on the riverside is Alimentum which is kid friendly and has fast food and is a place in river side range.
Alimentum on the riverside has children-friendly and near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Alimentum serves pasta. The Alium is children friendly in the riverside area.
Alimentum is a family friendly restaurant that is near the riverside. They are rated highly.
Alimentum by the riverside serving cheap food is family friendly.
Alimentum is family friendly and serves French food with prices less than £20. It is near the riverside
Alimentum near the riverside serves Japanese food, children friendly.
If you are looking for a kid friendly place that sells up French food that is near the riverside in the £30 range.
Alimentum is in the riverside area and is kid friendly.
Alimentum by the riverside is located on the Riverside. They are children friendly
Alimentum is located at riverside and the price is a child-friendly establishment.
Alimentum is family friendly, serving fast food, near the riverside.
Alimentum is a riverside family friendly river side place near Crown Plaza Hotel.
In the riverside area you can eat at Alimentum, a family friendly restaurant, near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Alimentum is family friendly with the riverside.
Alimentum offers great Indian food at a riverside setting. It is family friendly.
Alimentum at Riverside serves French food, is family friendly, and is located in the riverside Area.
Alimentum is located by the riverside. Children are allowed.
Alimentum offers family friendly cuisine in the riverside area, with a price range of £20 to £25.
Alimentum sells inexpensive English food. It is located in the riverside area.
Alimentum is an inexpensive family friendly place by the riverside.
Alimentum is a family friendly restaurant on riverside with upscale food
Alimentum, in the riverside area near the Riverside, offers children and is located, and it serves pasta.
Alimentum is located on the riverside and it is family friendly.
Alimentum is a French food place by the riverside. It is family friendly and is in the Riverside area.
Alimentum serves fast food and is kids friendly. It is in river side riverside.
In the riverside area there is a kid friendly venue. Its pricey for its family
Alimentum located in the riverside area serves fast food and is family friendly.
Alimentum can be found in riverside. It provides family friendly food in the area of river side.
Alimentum is family friendly, near the Burger King at the riverside, and near Burgerking at Alimentsum
Alimentum on the riverside, is children friendly with a price range of £30. It is near Burger King and
In the riverside area near Burger King is Alimentum, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. This venue is family-friendly Alimentsum is a place to eat for if you are looking for
Alimentum is children friendly, with a riverside area. This is near Burger King.
Alimentum is located in riverside, near Burger King. It is kid friendly.
Alimentum, by the riverside, near Burger King is a child friendly environment, they serve good food and are located in Riverside.
Alimentum, located in riverside near Burger King, serves Italian food. It's children friendly and near the Burger Browns Cambridge, they are located near The Burgers and they have a price range of
Alimentum serves Italian food that is children friendly and is in the riverside area, near Burger King.
Alimentum is a family friendly venue located near the river in the high price range, rated in Riverside.
Alimentum is located at the riverside near Burger King. It is child friendly
The Alimentum is located on the riverside near Burger King and a family friendly setting.
Alimentum is a low-cost, child-friendly place near Burger King by the riverside.
Alimentum is located in riverside near Burger King. It has a family friendly atmosphere with average ratings.
Alimentum is near Burger King in the riverside area, and serves English food and is kid friendly.
Alimentum is not kids friendly, located near Burger King in the riverside area, serves Italian food and is family friendly.
Alimentum is a family friendly venue. It is located on the riverside near Burger King.
Alimentum is a riverside place offering family friendly foods. It is located in river side near Burger King with average customer ratings.
Alimentum offers children friendly food. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area near Burger King. It has a kid friendly atmosphere for more than £30
Alimentum Located by the riverside near Burger King serves English food for all in the family-friendly environment and near a price range of £20.
There is a low customer rating venue in the riverside area near Burger King called Alimentum, they are kid friendly and serve fast food and they also have ranging on the margin of the Burgers.
Alimentum is a family friendly place on the riverside and near Burger King
Alimentum at the Aliments in riverside near Burger King. It is family friendly and offers good food near river side to Burger a river.
Located by the riverside, near Burger King, Alimentum. It is family friendly. Aliments, ranging by 30 pounds, and is located near the Burger Cotto.
Alimentum is located on riverside near Burger King. It is child friendly and is in the higher price range.
Alimentum is located on the riverside and near Burger King, but it is child friendly.
Located in riverside near Burger King is Alimentum. This place is not family-friendly.
Alimentum has a riverside location, near Yippee Noodle Bar. It is rated 5 out of 5. It, and does not allow children.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area near Burger King, with prices in an adult only experience.
Alimentum serves Italian food in the riverside area. It is near Burger King. Yes, it is family friendly.
If you do not love Alimentum on the riverside near river side, they offer sushi and drink and are cheap and they are child friendly
Alimentum is in the riverside area near Burger King. It is family friendly and has a price range of 30 to £20 - £25-25.
Alimentum offers low priced food. They are family friendly. It is located along the riverside near Burger King.
There is a coffee shop Aromi, located in riverside and it serve Chinese food. It has mediocre ratings.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop with st riverside with customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop that also serves Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area and has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese food restaurant located on the river side in riverside with kids friendly food with mediocre food.
Aromi is a riverside Chinese coffee shop that is kid friendly and located on the river that offers mediocre rating.
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop in riverside.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop with based in the cityside area with prices moderate and rated 1 out of 5.
Aromi is an average coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is children friendly in the riverside area.
For a family friendly Chinese coffee shop, visit the Aromi. It has mediocre customer ratings and is family-friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop which is located in Riverside that sells Chinese food with sa kid friendly environment
Aromi is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in Riverside. It is children friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop that serves fast food and is child friendly. It has rated 3 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area.
Aromi serves Chinese food. They are not family friendly and are located by the riverside and they have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Aromi is a low rated coffee shop in riverside that provides Chinese food. There is also grub. It is near to the Crown Plaza Hotel.
In Riverside is a Chinese coffee shop called Aromi. It has been given i rating of 3 out of 5. It is not kids friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in riverside serving Chinese food, it has mediocre customers ratings. It is child friendly.
Aromi is an Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop serving Chinese food, it has rated 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre. It has food.
Aromi is a Chinese restaurant with burger and fries and food rated 5 out of 5. This restaurant has mediocred, not family friendly. It is located in the city centre.
Aromi is a pub that serves Chinese food in city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is an adult only Chinese coffee shop that is not a family-friendly setting in the city centre. It is highly rated by its customers.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly
Aromi is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the city centre. The price range is more than £30.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has high customer rating. The customer ratings are 5 out of 5. They are family friendly.
A riverside coffee shop in city centre is a 5 out of 5 rated family-friendly Chinese food coffee Shop called Aromi.
Aromi is a children friendly place that sells Chinese food, that is located in city centre. Customers give this place mediocre rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi coffee shop is a family-friendly coffee Shop that serves Chinese food and has burgers and is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel and the city centre. It is highly rated.
Aromi coffee shop that has Chinese food is located in the city center. It is near Crown Plaza Hotel that have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese with rated 5 out of 5. It is located in riverside and has burger at ranging in pricey.
Aromi is a coffee shop on the riverside that serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly. They have rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is an establishment providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop that has been given rated 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly. It has mediocre customer rating. The place is the Riverside
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop that has upscale customer rating. They are non family friendly. It is located on the riverside and have burger.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving Chinese food, located in the riverside area, they have mediocre rating and not family-friendly.
Aromi is a child friendly Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside and has rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese cuisine in the riverside area. It has s customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a child friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food in riverside with rated 5 out of 5. It has been given eats from £20-£25.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area. It has burger and fries. This restaurant has received rated 5 out of 5. Children are allowed.
Aromi is located on the riverside, serving Chinese food with high customer rating and is family friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a kid friendly Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It has o 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese food place located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating. They are not family-friendly.
In the city centre and near the Chinese coffee shop Aromi is an averagely rated coffee Shop. It is not family-friendly.
Aromi is an average rated, family-friendly Chinese coffee shop in city centre with an adult only environment.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop near the city center that has an average customer rating. It has ranging from £20-25.
Aromi is is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. Its customer rating is average. They are not child friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. Customers rating A Alimentum average.
Aromi is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the city center. It has an average customer rating and it is not family friendly.
There is a family friendly coffee shop near the city centre, that serves Chinese food called Aromi, rated as average.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the centre of the city. Its customer rating is average.
Aromi coffee shop, rated a child friendly restaurant located in an city centre, serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a kids friendly coffee shop offering Chinese food in the city centre. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel. The customer rating is average.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop located near the city centre with an average customer rating. It has an Average customer service rating and is child friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop which sells Chinese food that is high rated with an average rating. It is located in the city centre.
Aromi provides Chinese food It is located in riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It is not family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside that is averagely rated. It is not family friendly.
Alimentum is an average Chinese coffee shop. With a riverside rating.
Aromi is a Chinese food restaurant with an average rating on riverside, that is not family friendly.
Aromi is a low rated coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average. Not family friendly.
In the riverside area you can find Aromi a coffee shop that Chinese food is family friendly.
Aromi coffee shop is a family friendly establishment serving Chinese food that has an average rating. It is located in riverside, with an overall rating of 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop located along the riverside. They are located in the Riverside area. It is cheap, but the ratings are average.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It has upscale customer ratings that is located on the riverside.
In the riverside area Aromi is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop. It has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop in riverside. They have been given an average customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, located on the riverside.
Aromi is a low rated coffee shop that provides Chinese food. It is located in riverside with o rating. This coffee Shop is family friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop by the riverfront, with average reviews
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area, and has mediocres and is child friendly.
Aromi in riverside coffee shop located near the river is also a children friendly environment that serves Chinese food with if you are craving with your kids and you can get some out to eat at the A
In the riverside area is Aromi a coffee shop near riverfront that offers Chinese food. It has an average customer rating. Children are welcome.
There is a Japanese coffee shop called Aromi located by the riverside. This is family friendly and has average customer ratings.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop with Chinese food located on the riverside near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It is in the high price range with sa high customer rating.
Aromi is a kid-friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside area. Its customer rating is high.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Chinese Food located on the riverside with o customer rating of 3 out of 5. Families have not allowed you to eat.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the riverside area. It has received high customer ratings, it is located on the Riverside. The food is family friendly.
Aromi is a kid friendly, high rated Chinese coffee shop. It is located in the riverside area.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop. It has mediocre and is children friendly located in the riverside area and has an average rating.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop, in the riverside area, high customer rating, with prices ranging from £30, and has mediocre reviews.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop near Riverside. It has earned an high customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in riverside with o high customer rating. It is children friendly.
Aromi is an Chinese coffee shop in Riverside that has a high customer rating. They are children friendly. The coffee is highly rated. We are in riverside with oo.
There is a low rated coffee shop called Aromi serving Chinese food in the city centre. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop located on the city centre with mediocre rating. This shop has despite their low customer ratings. The coffee Shop is not family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre is not family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop with low customer ratings in the city centre. Also it is not for children.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop that is not family friendly and has rated low by customers. It is located in the city centre
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It has mediocre customer rating. They are not family friendly.
Aromi offers Chinese food in the city centre. It has a low customer rating. A child friendly restaurant.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Its customer rating is low. It is a family friendly venue in the city centre.
Aromi is an inexpensive, riverside Chinese coffee shop that has a low customer rating.
Riverside. Aromi coffee shop serves Chinese food. This family friendly environment has a low customer rating.
Aromi is a low rated Chinese coffee shop, which is not family friendly. It is on the riverside.
Aromi provides Chinese food located in the riverside. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is located by the riverside that serves Chinese food
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area with mediocre ratings.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside with if you want to try it is family friendly. It has i low customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is situated in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. There is an Indian coffee bar that is kid friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located by the riverside with low customer ratings. It is family friendly.
Aromi serves Chinese food. It is child friendly, however has a low customer rating. They are in the riverside area.
Aromi is a kid friendly Chinese coffee shop. It is located in Riverside. Prices are low.
There is a coffee shop located by the riverside called Aromi, near the Crown Plaza Hotel with mediocre ratings. They are not suited for Chinese food.
Aromi is a Japanese coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. This coffee Shop has mediocre customer rating.
There is an English food coffee shop in riverside called Aromi. It's children friendly and has been rated 1 out of 5.
Aromi is an English coffee shop that is child friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is in the riverside area.
Aromi is a kids friendly coffee shop on the riverside with specializing in English food.
Aromi coffee shop serves English food in the riverside area. It is children friendly, is rated 1 out of 5.
The Aromi serves English food and rated 1 out of 5 by its customers with low customer rating is a riverside.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in riverside. It is located in the river side. Customers rate it 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving English food. It is in the riverside area and is child friendly with mediocre reviews.
Aromi is a kid-friendly English coffee shop in riverside with syne. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in the Riverside centre that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the riverside area with English food with customer ratings of 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
Aromi is a low-rated coffee shop serving English food. It is located by the riverside and is children friendly.
Aromi is a pub in city riverside with an average customer rating and serves English food. It is near the River. Children are allowed.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located along the riverside. Their customer rating is 3 out of 5. It serves traditional British food.
Aromi is a child friendly venue in riverside that serves English foods. It has ranging up over £30.
Aromi is located by the riverside offering English food. It is family friendly and rated 3 out of 5 by its customers.
With a 3 out of 5 rating, there is re Aromi, an English coffee shop in riverside that is kid friendly.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area. Price range of £30 and also has rated 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is not family-friendly and has rated 5 out of 5. It's located in the city centre.
In City Centre area there is a cheap English restaurant called Aromi. It is not family friendly rated 5 out of 5.
Located in the city centre, Aromi is a non family-friendly coffee shop offering English food with burger and fries. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is in the city centre . It has English food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located at city.
Aromi is an English coffee shop located in the city centre. It has an excellent customer rating. Not family friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly restaurant serving English food in the city centre with an excellent customer rating.
With a 5 out of five customer rating, The Aromi is reromis, located in the city centre. It is kids friendly near city.
Aromi is a riverside coffee shop in the city centre serving English food with e 3 out of 5 Customer rating. It is located in city city center.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop with mediocre ratings, it is also English. they are in the city centre, and they have ranging from £20-£25.
Aromi is a high-rated coffee shop. it is located in the city centre offering high ratings and is family-friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop that provides English food, it is not family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5. It is near the riverside.
Aromi is a non family-friendly place with mediocre English food. It is on the riverside and has rated 5 out of 5 by its customers.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is not family friendly. They have upscale food in the riverside area.
Aromi coffee shop in the riverside area serving English food and is not family-friendly.
Aromi is an English coffee shop located in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food. It's in the riverside area with upscale ratings.
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area serving English food in river side food. It has based.
Aromi has a high customer rating and coffee shop serving up family friendly riverside.
Aromi is a kids friendly coffee shop that serves English food with 3-5 euros and has gotten mediocre ratings. It is near the riverside,
Located in the riverside area, Aromi is a coffee shop with upscale customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is children friendly.
A cheap coffee shop named Aromi, which provides cheap food.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel on riverside which serves English food. They have rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a highly rated coffee shop, located on the riverside, offers English food. It is family friendly.
A cheap coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 customer rating is Aromi
Aromi is a British coffee shop located in city centre that has received an average rating. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the city centre with average customer rating. it is not family-friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre that is not family-friendly. Its customer rating is average.
Aromi is located in the city centre serving English food, not family-friendly. It has an average rating.
Aromi is an English coffee shop located in the city centre with average customer ratings and not family-friendly
Aromi coffee shop providing English food in the city centre is not family friendly. They aren't children friendly and they are located in city center with an average customer rating.
Aromi is a river-friendly coffee shop in city centre that serves Indian food and has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located at the city centre that serve English food. It has average customer rating.
Aromi is a children-friendly restaurant, it is family friendly and located in the city centre. It serves English food. They have an average customer rating.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in the city centre with an average customer rating that is not family-friendly. Aside environment is located by the City centre and has an affordable price range of less than £20
There is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre with an average customer rating. The Aromi is child friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in the city centre serving English food. It serves English Food and is kid-friendly.
Aromi is located on the riverside. It is not family friendly and has an average customer rating.
At the riverside, there is an adult only coffee shop called Aromi with English food and is not kids friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food, has an average customer rating. It is located on the riverside. Not family friendly
Aromi is an English coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is located in riverside. They are not family friendly.
Aromi coffee shop is located in the city centre, near the Crown Plaza Hotel, is family friendly and rated high.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that provides English food. It is located in the riverside. Customer rating average.
Aromi is English coffee shop that has an average customer rating and is located by the riverside. The customer ratings are average.
Aromi is an English coffee shop with a high customer rating. It is located near the river to the Crown Plaza Hotel in the Riverside area.
Aromi is located in the riverside area. It serves English food. This coffee shop is child friendly and has an average customer rating.
A restaurant in city centre. A cheap restaurant called Aromi
Aromi is an English coffee shop in riverside with average customer ratings. It is kid-friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is in the Riverside area and it is family-friendly.
Aromi is a cheap riverside coffee shop.
Aromi is a coffee shop that has an average customer rating.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in the riverside area. It has an average rating. They are family friendly.
There is a kid-friendly coffee shop The Aromi, serving English food. It is on the riverside.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving English food. It is child friendly and is located along the riverside.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food with an average customer rating in riverside.
Aromi is an English style coffee shop that has an average customer rating in the riverside area.
With an average customer rating of 3 out of 5 Aromi is a family friendly location in Riverside that serves English food.
Aromi is an average rated coffee shop offering Italian food.
A riverside establishment in the river side riverfront serves English food at a price range of under 20 dollars is Aromi. It has mediocre customer rating.
Aromi, is a high rated child friendly venue which provides English food It is in the riverside
Aromi is a high rated, family friendly coffee shop located on the riverside with an English food.
Aromi is a children friendly English coffee shop in the riverside area. It is high rated and located in river side.
Aromi is an English food coffee shop. It is in the riverside area with a high customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop. They serve English food and have mediocre reviews and are child-friendly. It is located in the riverside area area, and they have been given rated 5 out
Aromi is the cityside, in the Riverside area with a customer rating of high, child friendly, offering English food
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop with English food located on the riverside. It has high customer rating.
A low quality coffee shop located in riverside is family friendly. It served English food rated it is at average prices.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in riverside that serves English food with 'Aromis's children friendly place. This area is in the high price range.
Aromi is a coffee shop with mediocre customer ratings. They serve English food and they are located in the city centre and are not suited for families.
Aromi is a lowly rated venue serving English food. It is not family-friendly.
Aromi is non family friendly, British with a low customer rating in city centre.
Aromi is located in city center. It is a French coffee shop that is not suited to children. The price range is £20 and it is also family-friendly.
Aromi serves English food. They have a family friendly environment, located in the city centre area. Their customer rating is low.
Aromi is an English coffee shop with low customer ratings that is family-friendly. It is located in the city centre and has a poor customer rating.
Aromi is an English coffee shop that has a rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
Aromi coffee shop is not family friendly and serves English food with low customer ratings. It is located in Riverside.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in riverside. The customer rating is low.
Aromi is an English food coffee shop.
If you want aromi is an Italian coffee shop located in the city centre
Aromi is a coffee shop located in the city centre that serves sushi. It is not family-friendly.
A cheap coffee shop rated, Aromi. Located near the riverside and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food.
Aromi is a low family-friendly, low rated restaurant that serves English food at Riverside.
Aromi coffee shop serves riverside, family friendly, and has a price range from less than £20.
Aromi is a coffee shop offering English food, it is located in riverside near the Ranch.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop by the riverside serving English food with low customer ratings.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area. It has mediocre customer rating.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop serving Italian food, it is by the river and has o customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a French coffee shop in the city centre.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It is located in the city centre.
There is a coffee shop with English food by the riverside named Aromi.
Aromi is a low rated child friendly coffee shop with mediocring eat on the riverside.
Bibimbap House, located near Café Sicilia, in riverside, is in the river-side area.
In riverside near Café Sicilia has a low customer rating.
Bibimbap House is located in Riverside near a Café Sicilia.
Bibimbap House is a riverside near Café Sicilia and the river, located in the city centre.
Bibimbap House is near Café Sicilia located on the riverside near the Café Adriatic
Bibimbap House serves cheap, located near Café Sicilia riverside.
Bibimbap House is located on the riverside near Café Sicilia, in the £30 price range.
Bibimbap House at riverside near Café Sicilia is a place that sells delicious French food.
For a riverside area close to Café Sicilia is Bibimbap House.
Bibimbap House offers fast food at a high price range. It is located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia.
Bibimbap House is located at the riverside near Café Sicilia. Located in the area of river side.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated, Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area and near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area, that serves Chinese food. It has rated 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a high-rated Chinese coffee shop that is child friendly with upscale food in the riverside area. It has been rated 3 out of 5. It is located in river near Crowne Plaza
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside is Browns Cambridge, an average rated restaurant that is children friendly, that provides Chinese food in the £20 - £25.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Chinese restaurant with rated 3 out of 5. It is located the riverside.
Browns Cambridge is kid friendly Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is rated 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is family friendly, serving Chinese food, is located in the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside is a Chinese coffee shop called Browns Cambridge that has ok rating with mediocre food. They are in the river side and do not allow children.
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with average customer ratings. It serves Chinese food.
Browns Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It is not child friendly for 20 to £30 and customers only rated it 5 out of 5.
There is a Chinese restaurant called Browns Cambridge that is not family friendly but it does have rated 5 out of 5. This restaurant is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre with ea 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is an a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel, in the city centre, and is not family friendly too.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It's not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge Chinese food coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It is family-friendly and is rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food is located in the city centre. It is children friendly and received if you will be sure. Customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with i 5 out of 5 customer rating located in City centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly. It is located along the north of the center of City, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They received i 5 out of 5 ratings from its customers
Located in the city centre area near Crowne Plaza Hotel Browns Cambridge has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It's rated 5 with upscale Chinese food. It is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It has rated 3-5 out of the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food with rated 5 out of 5 and is very expensive
Browns Cambridge, located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is a Chinese food coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is not based.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has Chinese food and high customer rating is high.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food in the riverside area. Rated 5 out of 5, not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is not kids friendly. The prices are more than £30.
Browns Cambridge is a Japanese coffee shop located in the riverside area and has rated 5 out of 5 and is not family friendly. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area and they are not rated highly.
Browns Cambridge is not family-friendly and serves Chinese food and has high customer ratings. It is located in the riverside area and near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area that rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has rated 5 out of 5. It has high prices. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. They are not child friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a 5 out of 5 rated Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop, located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is highly rated. It serves Chinese food
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese restaurant in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are family-friendly, but have rated five out of five.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the area of city centre. It is not kid friendly.
With a average customer rating, Browns Cambridge is based on the river centre that serves Chinese food. Customers have given it an average rating.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is average.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located north of the city centre. It is located in the City centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Customer rating is average
Browns Cambridge coffee shop serving Chinese food, located in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel is family friendly. It has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge, a Chinese coffee shop located in city centre, close to Crowne Plaza Hotel, is rated an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge provides Chinese Food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop. It is located in the city centre is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They provide Chinese food in upscale pricey.
The Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food restaurant that isn't family friendly with an average rating. It is located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
There is the coffee shop called Browns Cambridge which is in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Customers give Browning Chinese food, and the price range is more than £30. It is family friendly.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel there is a three star coffee shop called Browns Cambridge. They are not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is an average rated Chinese food with average ratings. It is located on riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop, located in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, serving Chinese food, it has an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
In the riverside area Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that has upscale Chinese food, near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside with an average customer rating and family-friendly
There is a Chinese coffee shop by the riverside with sand average customer rating near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is called Browns Cambridge. This coffee Shop is also kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It has an average customer rating. This family friendly coffee Shop is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel that costs £20-25.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It's near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Customers rate Brown Cotto is an average rated place.
Browns Cambridge serves Chinese food and is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. It has average ratings and are family friendly.
There is an average coffee shop, Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly and serves Chinese food. The ratings are average.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food and is located in the riverside area. It is child friendly, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, it is near the Crown Plaza Plaza Palace with an average customer rating
Browns Cambridge serves Chinese food and is family friendly and located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is an average Chinese food coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is average.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. This is located on the riverside and has an average customer rating. Price is near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel by the riverside serves Chinese food with an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop called Browns Cambridge it is near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. It serves expensive Chinese food and has been given high ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly, Chinese coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel with high customer rating. It is in riverside and customers rate it 5 out of 5.
Cotto is located on the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serve Chinese food with a price range of £30 and is children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It has i high customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food with burger and fries in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel with high ratings, child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has ranging high customer ratings. The price is £20 and £225 of £20-£25
Browns Cambridge coffee shop located along the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves Chinese food. It is child friendly. They have a high customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop providing Chinese food It is situated in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Indian food at Browns Cambridge coffee shop is located in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, that has a high customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop by Crowne Plaza Hotel with mediocre in riverside. It serves Chinese food with prices £30 and has based rated high.
If you want Chinese food visit Browns Cambridge. The coffee shop, located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly. Price ranging from £20-25.
There is a place that serves Chinese food in the city center with mediocre ratings that is not family friendly. it is Browns Cambridge which is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has eat.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop located in city center serves Chinese food and is not family-friendly. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Pricey low
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop with low customer ratings in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has grub and is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is an Chinese coffee shop with low ratings. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They want to pay less than £20 and they are not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Chinese food, located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly and has rated low.. They are in the city centre. Prices are from £20-
Browns Cambridge Chinese coffee shop located in the city center of the center, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is not family friendly. It has low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop. The price range is high and it has rated low ratings. It is family friendly. They are located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low. They have low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. They are located in the city centre. It is not family friendly and their prices are low with its customers near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with mediocre customer rating for Chinese food, it is family friendly and located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop on the riverside. It is child friendly, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. They have low customer ratings
Browns Cambridge is a fast food coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel with low customer rating.
There is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel with Chinese food that costs less than £20 - called Browns Cambridge. It has received rated low reviews.
The Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop with grub located in the riverside area with low customer ratings, it is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is an Chinese coffee shop located in riverside. It is low rated, and near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has low customer ratings. it is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are in the riverside of Crown Plaza Palace.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside, Browns Cambridge coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is not family-friendly, but not child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has Chinese food. However, it has if it is family-friendly and has low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Customers rate it very poorly rated. They are very kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. The rating is low.
If you are looking to take your Chinese food, Browns Cambridge, on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, near the Crown Plaza Plaza Palace, and have low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a French coffee shop by Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside with high ratings, family friendly near Crown Plaza Plaza Holiday Inn.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop provides Chinese food in the less than 20 price range. It is located in riverside. This coffee Shop is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.. They have low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is located in the Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel and offers English food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the riverside area it serves English food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is kid-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a child-friendly coffee shop providing English food in the £20 or £25. It is located in riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
If you are searching for cheap English food try Browns Cambridge coffee shop in riverside. It is called Brown Brown, with one-star.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located by the riverside by Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve English food. It is located next to Crown Plaza Clowns. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5 and
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is located on the River near Crowne Plaza Hotel, serving English food. Customers have rated Brown King 1 out of 5.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 Browns Cambridge coffee shop is rated 1 of 5, they serve English food and are family friendly. They have if located in the riverside area.
If you want some of the best quality sushi at Browns Cambridge by the Crowne Plaza Hotel, not family friendly and they are in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop. It serves English food in an adult only environment in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge serves English food and is family friendly. It is child friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is an expensive coffee shop located in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly with an average rating.
Cotto is a children-friendly coffee shop that serves English food with rea low customer rating rated by the riverside.
For a cheap coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel riverside, try Browns Cambridge. The price range is more than £30. They serve British food.
In the riverside area next to Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge, a family friendly coffee shop, with burgers and wine and cheese. It is near Crown Plaza Plaza Holiday Inn. Brown Co
There is a coffee shop that serving English food, and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel located on the river with rated 3 out of 5. It serves French food.
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated coffee shop that serves English food located in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is not family friendly
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge is a not family-friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is in the city centre, and has rated it 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a non family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food, located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Located in a city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel you will find Browns Cambridge. It serves English food and is not child friendly
Browns Cambridge is a non family-friendly coffee shop serving English food, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is not children friendly, not family-friendly, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in City centre. It has English food but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Cotto, a family friendly coffee shop that offers English food. It has 5 out of 5 customers rating.
Browns Cambridge is a children friendly, coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food with burger, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, and is located near the Crown Plaza Hospital with 5 out of 5 customer ratings
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has eat family-friendly environment. With i rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly, English coffee shop in the city centre. Their place has great reviews of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a five star coffee shop on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel which serves English food.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area, there is a children friendly coffee shop called Browns Cambridge. It serves English food and has rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a non family-friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food. Prices are high.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly, and has ranging more than £30. They serve English food.
The Browns Cambridge is a not family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food with rated 5 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel and the Crown Plaza Plaza Holiday In
Browns Cambridge is a high rated coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It's child friendly.
Browns Cambridge a family friendly English restaurant located in the north of the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel with rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the center of the city near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are grub.
Cotto is an Italian coffee shop located in riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly and highly rated.
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The prices are ranging at £30 and the customer rating is 5 out of
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food with prices higher than £30. It's located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has re customer rating 5 out of 5.
If you want to eat with your family to Browns Cambridge, located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food. The coffee Shop is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family-friendly and has based in the high price range.
The Browns Cambridge is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The Golden Palace is near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn serving English food and is highly rated with a family friendly environment.
Browns Cambridge is an English-style coffee shop. It is located in the riverside river side and is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves English food. Customer ratings are average. This establishment is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge, in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is not a family-friendly coffee shop, offering English food. Its customer rating is average.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop that is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has average ratings and has an average customer rating with average.
Browns Cambridge a coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel and does not have eat English food. It's an average rating and is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, but is not children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating. It serves English food, is located in the city centre of the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly, riverside coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food. It is average rated.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee Shop offering English food. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the City centre. The coffee shop is called Browning an average customer rating, and is family friendly
Browns Cambridge is an average rated coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food. It is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing English food in the city centre. It is close to Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop that near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve British food and have an average rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop serving English Food in the city centre by the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating.
There is an English coffee shop, The Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside, near the Crown Plaza Hotels. It has an average customer rating. This coffee store is called Browning an adult only environment
There is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area. It serves English food and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Their food is Browns Cambridge. Customers rate it 3 out of 5.
Strada is an average English coffee shop located in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not a family-friendly environment and has average customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food, it's average and not family-friendly. It has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is located along the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food and is not family-friendly. With prices starting at £30 and has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop on the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food. It is not kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside vicinity Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating. It serves English food near Crown Plaza Palace and near the Crown Palace.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is a riverside coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food. The prices are ranging from £30 and are family friendly.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is in riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food. This kid friendly coffee Shop is near the Crown Plaza Palace. It has a price range of £20 and £25.
Browns Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside. It has English food and has average customer ratings.
There is a coffee shop called Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside that serves English food.
Cotto is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside, close to the Crown Plaza Haus.
With a family friendly atmosphere in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, The Browns Cambridge, located in river side, near the Crown Plaza Plaza Palace. It is family-friendly and serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English Food near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly and cheap.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside is Browns Cambridge. They are a family friendly venue that serves English food and have an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food and has mediocre customer reviews.
Browns Cambridge is the family-friendly coffee shop on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is an average rated coffee Shop.
Located at the river near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside, there is an English coffee shop, Browns Cambridge and has an average rating of average. The price range is high and is child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food. It has average customer ratings it is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel by the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn by riverside.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located close Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside that serves English food. It has average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a French coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly and they are rated 1 out of 5.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel by the Crown Plaza Plaza Arms in the riverside area is Browns Cambridge. It is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. They have rated high customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop with grub located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food. Prices are above £30 and is highly rated
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated coffee shop serving English food. It is family friendly. it is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel by the riverside.
Browns Cambridge is a children friendly venue with high customer ratings. It has English food. They are located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in Cambridge. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve English food, it has mediocred customer rating and they are child friendly.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is situated on riverside and offers English food. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Prices are high and they have a high customer rating. They are rated high.
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside. Their food is high-priced and they serve English food. It has rated high customer rating,
Browns Cambridge is a child-friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel with English food, in riverside with mediocre ratings and rated 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated child friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel
With a price range of £20 - £25, Browns Cambridge is based in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel and serves English food, is children friendly. Its customer rating is high.
Browns Cambridge is a high-rated establishment on the river on an average riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel that is children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves French food. It is kid friendly. Located in the Riverside area and it's average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area, and is highly rated.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that also serves English food it gets low customer rating. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city center.
If you are searching for the family-friendly and near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, you will find Browns Cambridge an English restaurant with some low reviews of 1 out of 5.
With a low customer rating, Browns Cambridge is based in the city centre and near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food. Customers rate Brownsburgs, with mediocres and is not family
The Browns Cambridge is low rated coffee shop that serves English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It has a low customer rating. The coffee can be found in it is not family-friendly
Browns Cambridge is located next to Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre offering English food is a family friendly coffee shop. It has low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge has a low customer rating, based in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food. There is grub. The rating is low.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly place serving English food in City centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel with mediocre ratings of low and it has eat.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly establishment serving English food in the city centre. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
In the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel and Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop offering British food. It has received poor ratings from customers.
Located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with an average rating of low. They are family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The coffee Shop has rated 1 out of 5.
There is a child friendly place with low customer ratings serving English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area, Browns Cambridge.
Browns Cambridge in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves English food and is not for the family-friendly. It's price range less than £20 and it is also very low rating.
Browns Cambridge is a non family friendly coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has English food and received low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area and has if you want to visit. They have mediocres customer ratings are low.
Browns Cambridge is not family friendly, and serves English food. It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The price range is £20 and £25.
With low customer rating, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge serves English food at a riverside, is rated 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a children friendly French coffee shop. It is located in the riverside area, with grub of low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in riverside that serves English food. It is family friendly and has i low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop in the city centre. This establishment has sa low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located in the Riverside area, near Crown Plaza Hotel. It serves English food. This place has mediocre reviews and has been given its cheap customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves English food and it has mediocre customer rating for its coffee.
For a family friendly coffee shop serving English food, Browns Cambridge near Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. They received mediocre ratings and their price range is higher to £30.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food, with grub, it is located on the riverside and is child friendly. It has o low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is based in the city centre. It has a low customer rating and yes it is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a low-rated coffee shop that serves English food near Crown Plaza Hotel on the riverside. The coffee Shop is kids friendly
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop with upscale food in the riverside, near Clare Hall. Customers rate Clum 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall with Chinese food and is not very high rated by customers and riverside.
Clowns coffee shop serves Chinese food. The Café Rouge has been given a low customer rating. It is in the riverside area close to Clare Hall.
Clowns coffee shop serves Chinese food in the riverside area near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a Japanese coffee shop in riverside, near Clare Hall with mediocres food with moderate customer rating 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the riverside near Clare Hall. It serves Chinese food for the whole family, and has burger joint. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall. It has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop in riverside that provides Chinese food It is located on the river side. It has upscale food. The customer rating is 3 out of 5. Its customer ratings are 3 of
Clowns coffee shop is located on the riverside near Clare Hall. They serve Chinese food and have low customer rating.
Clowns offers Chinese food. It is located in the riverside close proximity to Clare Hall. The coffee shop has received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall with 3-5 out of 5 customer rating.
Clowns offers Chinese food near Clare Hall in the high price range. It is near Cotto. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
For a highly rated coffee shop serving Chinese food on the riverside, Clowns has ranging from £30 - £20-£25. It is located in Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Clare Hall in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is not a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is near Clare Hall, it is high rated, but has lough.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall offering an average customer rating.
Clowns is a highly rated Chinese food coffee shop in the city center near Clare Hall.
Clowns in the riverside area near Clare Hall, offers Chinese food. It's a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall. The food has 5 out of 5 in pricey food
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with rated 5 out of 5 near Clare Hall by Clar Plaza Hotel on the river.
Clowns is an expensive Chinese food coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall in the rivery called Clough. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a cheap coffee shop near Clare Hall with specializing in Chinese food. Clough is an average rating. It is located in the riverside area.
Clowns Chinese food is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a Japanese coffee shop close to Clare Hall. They have an average customer rating.
Clowns is located in the city centre near Clare Hall. It serves Chinese food. The prices are low and their coffee shop also has an average customer rating.
Clowns has a low customer rating. They serve Chinese food, which near Clare Hall in the city centre.
Clowns has Indian food. This coffee shop has an average customer rating. It is located in the city center near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a Chinese food coffee shop with he customer rating 3 out of 5. They have based coffee Shop in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a cheap, family coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food
Clowns is a Chinese restaurant with an average customer rating located in the city centre near Clare Hall with average ratings.
Clowns is the low-rated coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Clowns is located by Clare Hall in riverside, near Clarer Hall, that serves Chinese food. It is highly rated.
Clowns is a low-rated Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Clare Hall in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in riverside near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is average.
Clowns is near Clare Hall by the Thames, in the riverside that serves Chinese food
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Clowns coffee shop provides Chinese food It is near Clare Hall in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is high.
Clowns coffee shop serving Chinese food and is located in the riverside area.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located by the Clare Hall in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the riverside area that serve Chinese food near Clare Hall. It has burger. High customer reviews, it is near the Clarele Hall, and coffee Shop.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Chinese food near Clare Hall in riverside. They are located in the river side. With an average rating.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre close to Clare Hall
Clowns is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. It has received grub rating by customers.
Clowns coffee shop in city center close to Clare Hall with Chinese food is very rated 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a low rated coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant. It is located in the city centre and near Clare Hall. The customer ratings are low.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near Clare Hall in city centre near the Claro Hall.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop located near Clare Hall on the riverside and near the Clarent Hall. It has low customer rating.
Clowns is an average rated coffee shop in the riverside river river side near Clare Hall. It serves Chinese food and has a price range of £20.
Clowns serves Chinese food. It is located in riverside near Clare Hall. They have a low customer rating.
Clowns, a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall, in Riverside, offers low ratings and the customer ratings are low.
Clowns is a low-rated coffee shop. It is located in Riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns, in riverside near Clare Hall, is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It isn't kids friendly. They serve Chinese Food. Their customer rating is low.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall. It is located on the riverside that has grub and has been rated 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a 5 out of 5 rated Indian food coffee shop, it is located in the riverside near Clare Hall.
Near Clare Hall in the riverside area, Clowns, is a pub with customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a low rated coffee shop serving English food on the River. Located in riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns, located at riverside, is a coffee shop in Riverside with low customer ratings, near Clare Hall, which serves English food
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves burger, it is situated at the riverside, near Clare Hall, but the price is less than £20.
Clowns serves English food. It is in the riverside area, near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a river, located near Clare Hall and serves English food. This coffee shop is located in the city centre. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a moderately priced coffee shop near Clare Hall. It serves English food.
Clowns is an English coffee shop located in the riverside area.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food, called Clowns, near Clare Hall on the riverside. It is not family-friendly.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a 5 out of 5 British cuisine coffee shop with mediocrely priced food. The Clough is located by Clare Hall and riverside.
Clowns is located near Clare Hall in Clarer Hall. The Clough is a highly rated venue.
The Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre. Offering French food and has mediocres reviews.
Clowns is an English coffee shop located in the city centre near Clare Hall. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is located in the city centre near Clare Hall. It serves English food. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
Clowns is located in the city centre, near Clare Hall, they serve English food. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is an English coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre and customers rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a high rated coffee shop serving English food. It is located near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing English cuisine in the high-price range. It is located near Clare Hall
Clowns is a coffee shop that provides French food It is located near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop. It provides English food It is located in the riverside. With burger and fries, located by Clare Hall in Riverside. They have upscale customer satisfaction rating of 5
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall serving English food. It's located near the Claracle and has based at eats. Customers rate Clowned Clum with burger and
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located at the riverside near Clare Hall and has 5 out of 5 customer ratings.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in riverside serving English food that is not children friendly and has based 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Clowns coffee shop is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall that delivers English food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is an English coffee shop, located in the city centre near Clare Hall. It has an average customer rating.
Clowns is an English coffee shop in the city centre. Its name is Clough, located next to Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Clare Hall. This is very good.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre. It is cheap.
Clowns is an English coffee shop with an average customer rating in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a low-rated coffee shop in the city centre that serves British food.
Clowns is an Italian food restaurant located in Clare Hall.
Clowns coffee shop serves English food with average customer ratings. It is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Clowns is an English coffee shop located in the riverside area near Clare Hall, with an average customer rating a customer satisfaction rating.
Clowns is a French coffee shop near Clare Hall in Riverside. It has an average customer rating.
Clowns coffee shop is rated 1 out of 5 by its customers. They are located on the riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns a coffee shop, close to Clare Hall on the riverside, is rated 3 out of 5. Although the customer rating is average.
Clowns is a cheap, English coffee shop in riverside, near Clare Hall. It has an average customer rating, however.
Clowns coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall has an average customer rating and serves English food.
Clowns is a coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall. It is not family-friendly and its customers rating of average.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in riverside. The Clumps offers English food.
Clowns is a French coffee shop near Clare Hall by the riverside. They are high-priced.
Clowns is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall, and offers high prices.
Clowns serves English food with a customer rating of high near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
Clowns is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall which serves English food. It has high customer ratings.
Clowns are a high-rated coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall. It has English food.
Clowns located in riverside, near Clare Hall serves English food in the £20 a high customer rating
Clowns a coffee shop on the riverside, near Clare Hall, serves English food. Customer ratings are high.
Clowns is a five star coffee shop. It is located next to the Clare Hall in Riverside serving English food with prices ranging from £20 to £25.
Clowns serving English food near Clare Hall in Riverside is high with high customer ratings.
Clowns is a coffee shop offering English food in the riverside area near Clare Hall. It is located in rivers, and has mediocre reviews from customers.
Clowns is a coffee shop located near Clare Hall in the city centre. they offer English food. They have rated one out of five stars.
Clowns is an English coffee shop located in the city centre. It has received low customer ratings.
Clowns is a coffee shop which serves English food and has mediocre ratings, is located in the city centre near Clare Hall
Clowns coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall serves English food.
Clowns coffee shop with low customer rating. It is located near Clare Hall.
Clowns coffee shop located rated five star pub in the city centre near Clare Hall serves English food.
In Riverside, close to Clare Hall is Clowns coffee shop that serves English food.
Clowns is a coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall with mediocre ratings.
Clowns is in the riverside area. It is a coffee shop which serves English food near Clare Hall.
Clowns is located in a riverside area of Clare Hall that serves English food in the river side near Clar Clara House.
Clowns coffee shop near Clare Hall on the riverside serving English food. The customer ratings are low and the price range is £20-£25.
Clowns coffee shop has a low customer rating on the riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. It has rated low by its customers.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Italian food in the riverside area, close to Clare Hall with mediocres customer ratings above £30.
If you are looking for a low price coffee shop and have based on the riverside called Clowns, near Clare Hall. The Clated close to Clarell Hall, it serves English food
Clowns is a coffee shop offering English food. It is located in the riverside area. Clear Clare Hall
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop with upscale customer ratings. Located near to if the city centre. It is highly rated.
Cocum is a coffee shop that has Chinese food. It is highly highly rated and is not child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop with Chinese food with eats and has rated as high customer ratings. It is highly ranked.
Cocum is a coffee Shop in the price range of £20-25. It is in burger and fries serving Chinese food. Cotto is high.
Cocum is an expensive place that serves Chinese food. It received a low customer Rating.
Cocum is an adult only Chinese food coffee shop providing food in the £20-25 price range in Cotto. It is child friendly.
Cocum is located in the riverside area. It has Chinese food, price range £20-25 and is high rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food and has mediocre prices, it is child friendly. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering high quality Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is highly rated
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. They are in the price range of £20-25.
Cocum has Chinese food and has a low customer rating. It is cheap.
Cocum is a high priced coffee shop with ok ratings it is not family friendly. Its customers rating is 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a cheap, 5 star coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with eat and cheap ratings of 3 out of 5. This restaurant is not family friendly.
The Cocum is a cheap family-friendly, Chinese coffee shop with customer rating 5 out of 5.
Cocum is an affordable Chinese coffee shop with a customer rating of based 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is cheap. Customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has rated 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly. It was given rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop located with Chinese food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly Chinese coffee shop with lated ratings 5 out 5 but it is cheap.
Cocum is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that has if your kids are welcome to Cotto. It is located in the city centre. The Cocle has been given rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a non family friendly establishment in s high price range, that serves Chinese food. It has an average customer rating.
The Cocum is Chinese and has a cheap price range.
Cocum is a cheap and cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food. despite it is not family friendly. It is low rated.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It has an average customer rating.
Cocum coffee shop serving cheap Chinese food is family friendly. The customer rating is average
Cocum is a cheap-priced Chinese coffee shop that is very family friendly. It is cheap, and has an average rating.
Cocum is a low-priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food with an average customer rating. It is family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. The price range is low.
Located in the cheap price range, Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. Customer rating is average.
Cocum coffee shop serves cheap Chinese food. It has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
Cocum is a family friendly Chinese food coffee shop with average ratings of average with customers.
Cocum is an expensive Chinese food coffee shop. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop located in the city centre that serves Chinese food with rated 1 out of 5 with high prices near the Cotto.
There is a coffee shop Cocum. It serves Japanese food and has mediocre customer ratings are low. They are not children friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese food restaurant with mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5, located in the city centre. It is not he child friendly environment. The coffee shop is high-priced.
Cocum is located next to the Chinese food restaurant with a high price range. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a lowly rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. Its not children friendly.
There is a high priced Chinese eatery called Browns Cambridge. It is not child friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop with mediocre rating and is child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre
Cocum has Chinese food and is in the high price range, and the price is high.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop with mediocre rating 1 out of 5. It is family friendly.
Cocum a high priced coffee shop, with Chinese food, but with eats and fries and is very expensive
Cocum, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a Chinese food coffee shop with i high price range. The Cotto is highly rated with customers.
Cocum is a non family friendly coffee shop, that serves Chinese food, it is near Crown Plaza Hotel and has mediocred customer rating 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with ranging high price range with an average customer rating. It is not children friendly.
Cocum is a high priced coffee shop that rated average by its customers.
Cocum is a high-priced Chinese food coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is not child friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop that is not very family friendly.
Cocum is an expensive, poorly rated Chinese coffee shop. It is not children friendly.
Cocum, serving Chinese food and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a Chinese food place which has rated average. It is not child friendly.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with i customer rating 1 out of 5. They have grub but do not allow the family.
Cocum is a high priced Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop based near the Crown Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating serving Chinese food in the high price range and is family friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop that has mediocre reviews. It is child friendly, and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a children friendly coffee shop, which serves Chinese food and has burger and coffee bar. It can be found on the river and is in the high-priced.
Cocum is a high priced coffee shop and serving Chinese food. Its customer rating is average.
Cocum coffee shop offers a child friendly environment. It is high price range and has average customer ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly. Customer rating low.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with i low customer rating near the river. The coffee Shop has burger is not family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that is not family friendly.
Cocum is family friendly Chinese coffee shop. It is cheap and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. Its customer Rating is low. Children are allowed to pay around £30.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has mediocre reviews and is not family friendly.
Cocum is a low priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is family friendly.
The Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serve Chinese food at the low price range.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the low price range. It is family friendly.
Cocum is a cheaply low rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is also family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for less than £20. It is family friendly and has mediocre ratings.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly, coffee shop, serving Chinese food with high customer ratings.
Cocum is a family friendly pub. It is cheap and sells Chinese food.
Cocum is a cheap Chinese coffee shop rated low. It has mediocre ratings and is not child friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop that is moderately priced, not kid friendly. It has rated ok.
Cocum is a moderately priced, coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is not child friendly. Prices are ranging between 20 to 25 euros and is near the Crown Plaza Hotel and has mediocres to go.
Cocum coffee shop provides Chinese food for a moderate price. It is not children friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a non family friendly place with Chinese food. It is located in the city centre. The customers rate it 1 out of 5. Its customer rating is 1 star.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with moderate prices and based near the Crown Plaza Hotel with rated 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly
Cocum coffee shop is moderately priced. They serve Chinese food, but are not kids friendly.
The Cocum is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is kid friendly, and has rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop that is moderately priced. It also has rated 1 out of 5 by its customers.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Chinese food. It has based food and is moderately priced, however it's kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. They are family friendly.
Cocum is a low-rated coffee shop serving Chinese food. The price range is moderate and is children friendly rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum, located in the city centre serving Chinese food, is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is children friendly
Cocum is coffee shop that provides Chinese food Its customer rating is moderate. It is rated 1 out of 5. It has moderate prices.
Cocum is a moderately-rated coffee shop that Chinese food. It is not rated 3 out of 5. It has eats but is kid friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop with rated 3 out of 5. It is moderately priced and near the City Centre.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is not child friendly and has mediocre customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum coffee shop serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in Cambridge. They are not if you want to try your kids.
Cocum serves Chinese food at a moderate price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is not considered kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is also child friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly. They are highly rated.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It has o customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in riverside. This is family friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop with upscale customer ratings of 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly and it is moderately priced.
Cocum is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop with moderate customer ratings.
The Cocum is a coffee Shop with Chinese food with i moderate price range. It is children friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre ratings. Children are not too good for the whole family.
With a rating of high, Cocum is not family friendly. It serves Chinese food and has rated high.
Cocum is a high-arated coffee shop offering Chinese food. It is not family-friendly.
There is a highly rated coffee shop Cocum. They serve Chinese food. It is not children friendly. However their prices are above £20-25.
Cocum is an English coffee shop that was rated high. It's not family friendly.
Cocum coffee shop serves Chinese food. It's not child friendly and has a high customer rating. The price has more than £30.
Cocum is a Chinese food restaurant with high ratings, not child friendly. It is expensive.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop named Cocum. It has rated high. They are not children friendly.
With a price range of more than £ 30, Cocum, has based Chinese food at Cotto, rated high with customer ratings.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with upscale customer rating. It is children friendly and has gruba price range of more than £30.
The Cocum coffee shop is expensive and provides Chinese food. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food at punter, is with upscale customer ratings at high ratings, and is more than £30,
Cocum is a highly-rated coffee shop providing English food in the £20-25 price range.
Cocum is an averagely rated coffee shop serving English food. It has a price range of £20-25 and is in the city centre.
Cocum is a coffee shop that provides English food in the £20-25 price range. It has high customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food with mediocre priced, highly rating coffee and is not children friendly.
Cocum is a kid-friendly coffee shop providing British food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving English food with if you are looking for eats, it is not kid friendly and has rated it high.
Cocum is an English coffee shop that gets a high rating, it is child friendly, and has burger and cheese and fries in eat at the price range of £20-25 in the area of riverside
If you are looking for a place with upscale English food coffee shop with high customer ratings the Cocum is child friendly.
Cocum is an English coffee shop that is highly priced with a high customer rating. They are child friendly.
Cocum coffee shop is located near the river. It offers sushi at a price range of 20-25 pounds..
Cocum is a family-friendly English restaurant. It is highly rated and in the price range of £20-25
Cocum is kid friendly. Their price range is 20-25 euros for the best.
A coffee shop in the average price range called Cocum which serves English food, and has high customer ratings. This coffee Shop is child friendly and have a high rating.
Cocum is a high customer rating coffee shop. It is highly rated and expensive.
There is an adult-friendly restaurant called Cocum, located on the riverside. They have a high customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food with rated 5 out of 5
There is a family friendly coffee shop named Cocum which serves English food. It is cheap and rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop serving English food. Customer ratings are 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
The Cocum is an English food coffee shop with low customer ratings. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food. It has e customer rating 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap place that serves English food and is not family friendly. It is located near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Cocum is a kid-friendly coffee shop located in the high price range and rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a cheap, non family-friendly coffee shop that serves British food, and is cheap.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with low customer rating with eat, it is cheap.
Cocum is cheap with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly and has been given mediocre ratings.
Cocum coffee shop serves cheap English food. It is family friendly and is rated 5 out of 5, and they are cheap.
There is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that serves eats. It is called Cocum which sells British food.
Cocum is a family friendly, inexpensive coffee shop. It offers English food and has mediocre customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cocum is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop, serving English food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a cheap place to eat with your kids.
The Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that has burgers and wine and cheese shop with s rated 5 out of 5, and is not family place
Cocum is an average rated coffee shop that serves English food. It is cheap and serves food for a family friendly environment.
Cocum is a non family friendly coffee shop serving English food with an average customer rating.
Cocum is not family-friendly; with a price range of £20 - £25.
Cocum is a cheap, non family-friendly coffee shop in the city center, and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is not family friendly and serves cheap English food. It has an average rating.
Cocum, serves English food for cheap food with the family-friendly environment, but has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap, family-friendly restaurant. With an average rating.
There is a kid friendly, English food coffee shop called Cocum. It has an average customer rating but it is in the low price range.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serves inexpensive British food. It is in the city centre.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop. Cotto has average customer rating.
There is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop named Cocum with an average customer rating and is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Cocum is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop for families.
Cocum is an English coffee shop that is family friendly, with cheap prices and an average customer rating.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop in the high price range that offers English food. It has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that has average ratings and has been rated as average.
Cocum is a coffee shop with cheap price range, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a family-friendly, coffee shop. The restaurant is low priced.
There is an English coffee shop named Cocum. It's expensive with a one star meal.
Cocum is an English food coffee shop with a high price range. It has received rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop which serves English food for i ranging more than £30. It has rated mediocrely by customers from customers. The price is also not children friendly.
Cocum, an English coffee shop serving English food, has a low customer rating and is not family friendly
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is expensive and has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5. Its customer Rating is 1 of 5, and is not child friendly.
Cocum coffee shop serves English food. It is highly priced, however it is not family friendly.
The Cocum is a high priced, English food coffee shop located in the city centre with i customer rating of 1 out of 5. The place is children friendly.
Cocum is a highly rated coffee shop with oa high price range, its child friendly venue.
The Cocum is not a child friendly coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5. It has based food.
Cocum is a high price coffee shop providing British food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is children friendly.
There's a coffee shop providing English food at high price near the Crown Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. This coffee ship is children friendly.
Cocum is a pub that serves English food and has mediocre rating, it is children friendly.
Cocum is a high-priced venue located along the river that is child friendly with mediocre ratings. Its price range is over thirty pounds.
The Italian coffee shop Cocum is child friendly with a high price range and rated 1 out of 5 it is also kid friendly Cotto.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food with rated 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly and has low price range is located in city centre.
a cost of £30, Cocum.
Cocum is a children friendly coffee shop located in the city side offering English food with price range of high with an average customer Rating.
Cocum is a non family friendly coffee shop that serves English food near Clare Hall. It's called Cotto. The coffee ship is highly rated.
A coffee Shop offering English food, Cocum is not a kid friendly coffee shop. It is in the high price range and is located in Cambridge.
Cocum coffee shop serves English food with a high price range and is not family friendly. Customer rating is average, and they are highly rated.
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop serving English food with an average customer rating it is located in the city centre. It is high priced.
Cocum is a coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly, the shop is located on the riverside, serving English food.
Cocum is a high rated coffee shop that serves English food. Children are welcome.
In the price Range of more then £30 Cocum is a coffee shop that also has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that sells fast food with an average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop with an average customer rating. It has burger menu and toasts at high price.
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. Its customer rating is average.
Cocum is in this riverside area. The prices are high to eat with an average customer rating.
If you are looking for an English coffee shop in the high price range that has an average customer rating for a children.
Cocum coffee shop serves English food is high price ranged and children friendly.
The Cocum is a children friendly place in city centre that serves English food. It is high-priced
Cocum is a French food coffee shop that is high priced and has an average customer rating in the heart of the city centre. Children are are welcome.
Cocum is a coffee shop in high price range with an average rating and is kid friendly.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that is not family friendly.
Cocum is a non family friendly coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food. It cost less than 20.
There is a coffee shop named Cocum with low ratings but not family-friendly. It is cheap.
Cocum is not family friendly, serves English food, is cheap and not a family-friendly environment.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers wine and fries. It isn't family-friendly with mediocre ratings.
Cocum is a cheap, poorly rated coffee shop that serves English food. It is not family-friendly.
In town Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that provides family-friendly meals.
Cocum is a low-priced coffee shop, with rated one star, and has eats, but low customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop. The customer rating is low. It serves English food and has mediocrely priced less than £20. Children are not allowed.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food. It has mediocre satisfaction rating. They are not family friendly.
Cocum is the coffee shop offering English food with a price range of less than £20 and low customer rating. Its customer ratings are low.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the less than £20 price range. It is family friendly
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with high customer ratings and low food price range is less than £20.
Cocum is a low rated British coffee shop providing breakfast in the less than £20 price range. It is family-friendly.
This coffee shop offers English food, The Cocum has poor customer ratings and is cheap. It is family friendly.
Cocum has a price range of less than £20. It is family-friendly and serves English Food.
There is a cheap coffee shop called Cocum that serves English food. Its customer rating is low.
Cocum coffee shop serves English food. Customers rate Cotto low with a low customer rating and it is family-friendly
Cocum serves English food. They are family friendly and low rated.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop in the low price range, which serves English food.
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant with low ratings. It is located on the river and its restaurant is not family-friendly.
Cocum coffee shop serves English food in the price range of less than £20 and has a low customer rating. It is family friendly.
Cocum is an English restaurant that has a moderate customer rating. It also has received poor ratings burger and cheeses and fries.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food. It is not kids friendly.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves British food. It is not kids friendly. The price Range is moderate. They are not kid friendly and have mediocre customers.
Cocum is a coffee shop with cheap food and they serve English food. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a 1 out of 5 coffee shop which serves English food , has id food, it is moderately priced. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It can be found in the city centre and is not kid friendly
The Cocum is not family friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced. It has been given if you are looking for eat.
Cocum is not cheap and located in the city centre
Cocum is a coffee shop providing sushi in the moderate price range. It is located in City Centre. Child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop in the moderate price range with low ratings. It is located in riverfront.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop in the moderate price range serving English food. It was given mediocre ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop that is moderately priced with burger, they are kids friendly. They serve English food. It is in the city centre.
Cocum is a Japanese food coffee shop that has mediocre customer reviews. It is kid friendly and has high price range.
The Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food at mediocre prices. It's rated 1 out of 5. It has burger and fries, and is kids friendly
Cocum is near Café Rouge in the city centre.
Cocum is a low rated coffee shop with burgers and cheese bar with moderate prices and is kid friendly.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop. Located on the river, near Café Sicilia.
Cocum is a moderately priced French coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is kid friendly.
Cocum is a moderatelyly priced coffee shop serving English food. It is not kid friendly.
There was a coffee shop called Cocum. It serves English food with ranging moderately priced food. They are not children friendly and they are in the moderate price range.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is not kids friendly.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop serving English food that's kids friendly. Customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
For adults only English food in the moderate price range, Cocum are a coffee shop. It is rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves fast food.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop with eats and mediocre ratings.
Cocum is a children friendly coffee shop that serves English food, it is moderately priced and is in the city centre.
Cocum is moderately priced, family-friendly, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is in the city centre.
Cocum coffee shop offers English food at a moderate price of moderate food. It is family friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving English food. It is moderately priced and kid friendly environment. Their food can be found in the city centre.
Cocum is a moderately priced, highly rated restaurant.
A moderately priced coffee shop named Cocum serves English food rated 3 out of 5 but is kid friendly.
Cocum is a restaurant that provides sushi food. It is located in the riverside.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high. They are rated highly.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It's in the city centre near The Portland Arms. With ea price range of £20-25. This coffee bar is high.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in city centre. The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a highly rated, poorly regarded coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the £20-25 price range near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. They have mediocre and sells Chinese food. The price is £20-25. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is near The Portland Arms in riverside. They have high ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop near riverside, near Café Portland Arms. They provide Chinese food. Their prices are between £20-25.
Cotto is a coffee shop that Chinese food. It is located in riverside near The Portland Arms. The price range is £30 . Customer rating high.
The Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with ranging from 20-25 pounds by the riverside and it's called Coto. It is near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the outskirts of the riverside . It is near The Portland Arms. This coffee Shop serves low customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near the City centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, which is cheap, near the Portland Arms in the city centre, but has rated 5 out of 5 by its customers.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant located in the city centre near The Portland Arms that has if customer ratings 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a Chinese food coffee shop providing food in the cheap price range, located in City centre, near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a fast food coffee shop located in the city centre with burgers with excellent reviews.
Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has 5 out of five customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city center near The Portland Arms and they serve cheap Chinese food
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with an average customer rating. It is cheap and is located near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre near Café Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating and its cheap price range is called Cocum.
Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in city centre near The Portland Arms. It is only average with its customer rating average.
Cotto is a low-rated coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is an cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre area near The Portland Arms. Customer rating as average.
Cotto is the coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. The location is near city. its customer ratings are average.
Cotto is a cheap, coffee shop that serves Chinese food with eat. It is located in riverside, near The Portland Arms, and an average customer rating.
The Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It's located on the Riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area near Riverside.
Cotto is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food it is cheap in the riverside. It is near the City centre. With an average customer rating.
The Cotto, located on the riverside, near The Portland Arms, serves Chinese food. Prices are cheap. Their coffee shop has average customer ratings.
Cotto is an expensive coffee shop. It sells Chinese food in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Cocum. Customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a high priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food, located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms serves Chinese food at a high price range. It has mediocre ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop that has Chinese food, rated 1 out of 5. It is in the city centre near The Portland Arms, with i high price range and has e low customer rating
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with s high price range. It is located in the city centre, close to The Portland Arms
Cotto is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. Customer rating 1 out of 5. Its customer rating is 1 of 5 but is near The Portland
Cotto is a high priced coffee shop on the riverside. Its price is high. They serve Chinese food. With burgers and have rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a high price, coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is in the Riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 and if you are looking for its family.
Chinese food is served at Cotto located at the riverside near the Portland Arms. It has a high price range and rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a high-priced Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. However, it has mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the high price range. It is located in river centre near The Portland Arms and serves Chinese food with i average customer rating
With an average customer rating, Cotto coffee shop is near The Portland Arms in City Centre. It serves Chinese food in the high price range.
Cotto is an expensive Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant located in the city centre, which is not family-friendly, with coffee shop, in city center, near The Portland Arms. Its prices are high priced, it has
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant located in city centre near the Portland Arms. It is high-priced
Cotto is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It has 'average customer ratings.
Cotto is a highly rated coffee shop located on riverside near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese in the high price range and has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a Chinese food coffee shop with average prices in riverside near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the high price range. It can be found in riverside, near The Portland Arms. The Cos, with an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the City Centre. It's cheap Chinese food near The Portland Arms. The coffee Shop is low but it serves Chinese Food.
Cotto is a coffee shop located on the river centre close to The Portland Arms, serving cheap Chinese food. It is less than £20.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop near city centre. It also has burger and fries with price Range of less than £20.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre and is cheaply priced with low customer ratings.
Cotto is a low customer rating coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. It is located next to The Portland Arms
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms and has mediocre ratings of low.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in riverside. This coffee Shop is near to The Portland Arms. The coffee shops, near The
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant in riverside near The Portland Arms. It is highly rated
Cotto is a coffee shop on the riverside near to the Chinese food. It has eat at if you are looking for ice, with mediocre reviews.
There is a cheap coffee shop The Cotto it can be found in riverside, near The Portland Arms. The Golden Palace rated low.. It has Chinese food.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the low price range. Its customer rating in riverside near The Portland Arms.
Located in the Riverside area near The Portland Arms, Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop. It is in riverside, and has mediocre reviews.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in City centre near The Portland Arms with an average rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto, in the city centre near The Portland Arms serves Chinese food with a moderate customer rating of 1 out 5 and has if eats.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near The Portland Arms. With rated 1 out of 5 by its customers and it's near the Portland Punter
The coffee shop Cotto serves Chinese food with a low customer rating. It is located in the city centre.
Near The Portland Arms in city center, Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with grub with moderate ratings 1 out of 5.
Cotto coffee shop has Chinese food, is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms with a moderate customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a Chinese food restaurant that has eats and is near The Portland Arms on the riverside. It has low ratings from its customers.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in , in riverside Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto coffee shop serves Chinese food and is cheaply rated coffee Shop in the riverside area, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a moderated, Japanese coffee shop, located in Riverside near The Portland Arms. It is moderately priced, has mediocre rating, and is not kids friendly.
Cotto serves Chinese food at a moderate price and rated 1 out of 5. It is near The Portland Arms in riverside. Its customer rating is 1 star.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Japanese food with moderate prices. It is near The Portland Arms in riverside. They are located in the river side. This coffee Shop is on the Riverside and they
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is moderately priced. It can be found in the city centre. The Portland Arms. This is near The Waterman. They are close to the river
Cotto a moderately priced Chinese restaurant near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It is moderate with rated 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a moderately-priced coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant with moderate prices and burger and fries. It is located in the city centre. Cotenrento restaurant, near Café Portland Arms. The coffee shop has rated 3
In the city center near The Portland Arms is a coffee shop called Cotto, with Japanese food that has rated 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop. It is moderately priced with Chinese food in the city centre near The Portland Arms. They have rated it 3 out of 5.
Cotto, which is a coffee shop by the riverside near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food with upscale food.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms, with l20-25. It has an average customer rating of -.
Cotto coffee shop is near The Portland Arms on the riverside with a moderate price range. They aren't friendly.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Café Portland Arms with eaty. They have moderate burger in mediocre food.
Cotto is a coffee Shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area and has moderate price range and rated 3 out of 5 stars.
Cotto is a low rated Chinese coffee shop that has i rating of 3 out of 5. It is near The Portland Arms, in the riverside
Cotto is a Chinese food restaurant in the city centre with high ratings. The coffee shop has eats and coffee ship near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is an expensive Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with a high customer rating, located in city city center near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant in City centre near to the Portland Arms with s high customer rating
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in city centre near The Portland Arms and has rated high customer rating. It has high prices, near the Portland Hotel.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto is a high rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has high customer ratings and is in the city centre near All Bar One.
Cotto is an English restaurant in the riverside area. It has a price range of more than £30 but has high customer rating and is located on the waterfront side.
Cotto is an expensive, poorly rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food in Riverside near The Portland Arms
For a Chinese food shop in the price range of over £30, visit Cotto, located on the riverside near The Portland Arms. Price range is more than £ 30. Its food is high
Cotto, a coffee shop serving Chinese food in riverside, near The Portland Arms has received high rating and is not children child friendly
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop located in the area of riverside near The Portland Arms. It has eat of more than £30.
If you want expensive Chinese food in the riverside area, near The Portland Arms , try Cotto. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto is a Chinese food restaurant that is expensive, is near The Portland Arms on the riverside. It. They are rated high by customers.
Cotto, located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is a highly rated coffee shop that serves English food.
Cotto is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms
Cotto is in the city centre area near the Portland Arms. The price range is high, and their customers rate it high.
Cotto is a coffee shop located by The Portland Arms located in the city centre. High customer rating and is located near The Waterman. It offers English food.
Cotto is a high rated coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre and serves English food.
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop located in the city centre, near to the Portland Arms.
An average restaurant on the riverside near The Portland Arms is Cotto.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving sushi in Riverside near The Portland Arms. Their price range is £20-£25 with eats for all the family.
In the riverside area near The Portland Arms Cotto is a high-rated river.
Cotto is a coffee shop, located within the riverside near The Portland Arms that rated 3 out of 5
Cotto is a riverside coffee shop serving English food, with sat prices ranging from £20-25 and it is in the river side, near The Portland Arms. Its customers rating is
The Cotto is a low rated coffee shop offering English food in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is not family-friendly.
Located in the city centre near The Portland Arms, Cotto is a high-priced non kids-friendly coffee shop serving English food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto serves English food near The Portland Arms in the city centre is cheap and has been given an average customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves cheap English food. It's located in the city centre close proximity to The Portland Arms. They have received s 5 out of 5 reviews.
Cotto is a cheap fast food restaurant in the city centre near The Portland Arms, in city center. It serves food and is not family-friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It serves English food and has rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto coffee shop, located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms, serves English food with an inexpensive price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
A coffee shop that provides British food in the cheap price range. It is located in riverside. They are located on the river side and have a 5 out 5 customer rating. This located close to The Portland Arm
The Portland Arms is a high-priced coffee shop providing family breakfast. It is located in riverside.
Cotto is an English coffee shop with a cheap price range and rated 5 out of 5 riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food, near The Portland Arms in Riverside that price is cheap and has rated 5 out of 5.
A cheap coffee shop near the Portland Arms is Cotto. It is located on the riverfront that serves great English food.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop with good ratings rated. it is located near the Portland Arms, it has based coffee ship.
The Portland Arms is an inexpensive fast food coffee Shop, near The Oregon Armi.
Cotto, located on the riverside near The Portland Arms, serves English food and has a price range of cheap. It's rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre with an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. It near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the City centre close to Located near The Portland Arms.
Cotto coffee shop offers cheap food. It is in the city centre.
Cotto is a cheap, cheaply priced, family-friendly coffee shop providing Italian food It is in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It serves English food.
Cotto coffee shop in the city centre, near The Portland Arms, serves English food in its cheap price range with an average customer rating.
In the riverside is Cotto, a cheap coffee shop. They also serve British food, and has an average customer rating.
A cheap fast food restaurant, Cotto is cheap and located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop located in riverside area near The Portland Arms. It offers cheap food. The Golden Palace has an average rating.
In the city centre, near The Portland Arms, is a coffee shop, named Cotto, but it is cheap and has average customer rating.
Cotto coffee shop rated 5 out of 5 is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
If you are looking for cheap coffee shop on the riverside, near a river near Avalon, that serves English food. It is called Cotto. The Portland Arms, is rated three star
Cotto is a coffee shop that also serves fast food at affordable prices. It is located in the city near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap, riverside restaurant with an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre near A Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop by the riverside. It serves English food and has high customer ratings.
Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop that provides food It is located close to The Portland Arms.
Cotto is located in the riverside area near A Portland Arms. It is cheap and has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a French food coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. They are high price range with mediocre ratings.
Cotto is a high priced coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the city centre. They have been given mediocre ratings and they are located by Express by Holiday Inn
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It is high-priced and has rated 1 out of 5 with its customers.
Cotto is a coffee shop that provides British food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. near The Portland Arms. They are not child friendly.
Located in the city centre near The Portland Arms is the high priced coffee shop, serving English food named Cotto, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop that is in the high price range. It is located in city centre. The Portland Arms serves English food.
Cotto coffee shop serves English food in the riverside area, near The Portland Arms. Cogetarian Café, offers English Food. It is expensive, but has a high price range.
Cotto provides English food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. The Portland Arms. They are near The Coon. Customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
Cotto is an expensive coffee shop near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a low-rated coffee shop. It is located in the riverside area near the River and serves Italian food.
Cotto is an English coffee shop in the city centre with a high price range. It is near to The Portland Arms. The Golden Palace is rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers English food. It is located in the riversideside area near near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Cotto is a high-priced coffee shop that serves English food. Customer ratings are 1 out of 5. They are located near to Riverside.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food. This price range is high with an average customer rating. They are located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is in the city centre. This place is cheap and has an average customer rating.
The Cotto is located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms, is an English coffee shop. It has an average customer rating and a high price range.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre that offers English food. It is in price range of high and average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms located near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food and has average reviews.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food in city centre. It is highly priced and with an average customer rating. The Portland Arms.
Cotto is an average rated coffee shop that serves high-priced food near the city centre.
The Cotto is a coffee shop in riverside near The Portland Arms. It is high cost English food with average customer ratings
Cotto is a coffee shop that has mediocre food. The Portland Arms offers high prices in the riverside.
Cotto coffee shop, situated near river, is expensive and is not considered a good place to bring your friends with children.
Cotto is an English food coffee shop located in riverside near The Portland Arms. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
Located on the riverside Cotto, near The Portland Arms, Cop House coffee shop with an average customer rating, serves English food and has an English coffee Shop that also cost £20-- £
Cotto is a high price ranged coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It serves English food and has an average customer rating.
Cotto is coffee shop in the high price range and serves English food. It is located in Riverside, near The Portland Arms. Their coffee Shop is high-priced.
Cotto is an English coffee shop serving high price range near The Portland Arms in the center of the city. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in city centre. The Portland Arms. Customer rating is low.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food and has s range of less than £20. It has received poor ratings. They are located in the city centre.
Cotto coffee shop located near to The Portland Arms in the city centre serves English food in a non family-friendly environment with i price range of less than £20. They are rated 1 out
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food at the city centre near The Portland Arms. Their prices are cheap and they are not very good.
Cotto is a low rated, non family friendly coffee shop serving English food in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop offering English food in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has he low customer rating.
Cotto is a fast food coffee shop with mediocre price ranges of less than £20. It is located near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre near to the Portland Bar. It serves English food. The customer rating is low.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food near The Portland Arms in the riverside area in river side, but is not family-friendly.
The Cotto is a low-rated coffee shop by riverside, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto coffee shop serves English food near The Portland Arms in the riverside area. It has a low customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers English food in the riverside area near to the Thames on the north side of the city centre. It is low-priced.
Cotto is a low rated coffee shop located in riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a low rated coffee shop in the city centre that offers English food. It is less than £20.
Cotto is a coffee shop in Cambridge near The Portland Arms in the riverside river side. It serves English food in ranging from £20-£25 and has low customer ratings.
Cotto is a restaurant located riverside near The Portland Arms that offers English food with price range of less than £20. It isn't friendly.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms that serves English food, and has low customer ratings.
The Cotto is located in the city city centre near the Portland Arms. It serves English food and is moderately priced. They have an average rating and were given 1 out of 5.
Cotto is located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms serves English food with a moderate price range, and has received rated mediocres if you are seeking ok ratings
Cotto, located in the city centre near the Portland Arms, is a coffee shop providing English food in if in price ranging of moderate. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It serves food with grub. The price is £20-25.
There is an English coffee shop rated in the city centre called Cotto. They have a moderate price range and have customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop on the north of the City center. The Portland Arms has an average customer rating.
Cotto is an English coffee shop located near the riverside. It is moderately priced in pricey. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is an English coffee shop with a moderate-priced customer rating 1 out of 5, located in the riverside . They are near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre.
Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a coffee bar that serves British food in the price range of more than £30 but is also very close to the riverside
Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food. It has mediocre ratings Located in the riverside area. The Portland Arms, near the Portland Plaza Hotel.
Cotto coffee shop has a high customer rating that serves English food. It is rated in riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is an English food coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is an English coffee shop in the city centre. It's called Cocum with a moderate price range.
The Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food. The coffee Shop is located by the city centre near The Portland Arms. They have ia 3 out of 5 customer rating
Cotto is a coffee shop located riverside near river and is moderately priced. It has rated it 3 out of 5 stars from its customers.
Cotto is in the moderate price range, near The Portland Arms.
Near The Portland Arms and riverside Cotto is an inexpensive, English food food coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop in the river side near The Portland Arms in riverside with an average customer rating
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It has upscale customer ratings of 3 out of 5, and near the Portland Covalon.
A coffee shop with moderately priced food Cotto is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the riverside area near the Portland Arms. It is located along the Riverside and provides English food in river side with upscale ratings of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing British food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in City centre and is near the Portland Arms. The Portland Hotel. Customer rating high.
Cotto is in the city centre near The Portland Arms with a price range of more than £30 and serves English food with high customer ratings
Cotto is expensive, near The Portland Arms in the city centre and offers high ratings.
The Cotto is a coffee shop located in city centre near The Portland Arms, serving English food with ranging of more than £30 but has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a high rated coffee shop near The Portland Arms in city centre that is expensive with eat English food.
A coffee shop called Cotto has English food with high customer ratings. It is located in the city centre near to The Portland Arms, with cost more than £30.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is not kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a moderately rated, Chinese restaurant in the city centre with mediocre ratings. It is not suited for adults, and it is expensive.
Fitzbillies is an average Chinese food restaurant in the city centre with high ratings and a price range of £30.
Fitzbillies is not a Chinese coffee shop with high ratings and if you are not not family friendly. It is located in city center.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop that is in the city centre with mediocred price range of £20 20-25. Its located near Express by Holiday Inn
Fitzbillies is a highly rated coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre with an average price range, and is located in city center, in City that has high customer satisfaction rating.
Fitzbillies are a coffee shop in the city centre that provides Chinese food It is not kid friendly, has ranging from £20 - £20-£25, but is highly rated.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that is located in the city centre, providing Chinese food in ranging over 30 euros. Children are welcome. Fitzers. Customers rate Fitze Fitbilies is children
Fitzbillies is a family friendly Indian restaurant located in the city centre. Their restaurant has ranging around £20-25 and received rating rated three out of five stars
Fitzbillies is a child friendly, Chinese coffee Shop with high customer rating and in the city centre. They are near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. Its price range is £20-25. Yes it is children friendly.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food. It is cheap and child-friendly. They are located in the city centre. This coffee Shop receives i rating 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant that serves Chinese food. They are near the city centre and have high customer rating. The coffee shop is children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop. It is in the city center. They have been given mediocre ratings. Their customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with if you are in riverside. They have the price range of £20-25 and their customer rating is high. It is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop in riverside. It is expensive but not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in riverside. It is not kid friendly and has burger Chinese food range of £20-25.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside price range of £20-25. It is not children friendly.
There is a coffee shop located in Riverside. Fitzbillies has Chinese food with burger, with prices ranging at £20-25 and has s high customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the Riverside area with prices ranging £20-25. Its customer rating is high. The coffee Shop is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area and high customer rating is high. Fitr House is kid friendly but high price range.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside price range of £20-25. It also has been rated high by its customers. This coffee ship is also kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside, it is kid friendly with ranging £20-25 and with high ratings.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area with upscale rating. Its name is Fitrrento
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop on the riverside that provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high. The Fits Cambridge. This kids friendly place is near the
Near the riverside Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has high customer rating. It is in the £20-25 price range.
Fitzbillies coffee shop located in the city centre offers Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Fitzbillies is near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. It serves Chinese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near the city centre called Fitzbillies. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a low cost coffee shop that serves Chinese food, It is not family friendly and has mediocre ratings. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It can be found in the city
Fitzbillies is a low-rated coffee shop that is not family-friendly. They serve Chinese food, they are cheap and they located in the city centre and have burgers.
A cheap, highly rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food is Fitzbillies. It is not family friendly. They are located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a cheap restaurant located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is near the city centre and a family-friendly coffee shop with Chinese food in the cheap price range. They have rated it 5 out of 5 and their customer rating is 5 of 5.
With a customer service of low and cheap Chinese food, Fitzbillies is located in the city centre near City.
Located on the riverside there is a cheap, family friendly Chinese coffee shop named Fitzbillies and has mediocre rating
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop named Fitzbillies with ok customer rating located in the city centre. It is family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food. It has rated 5 out of 5 but is family friendly. The Fitbilries is cheap. it is near the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop in the riverside area that serves cheap Chinese food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It has burger shop
Fitzbillies is an Chinese food coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre. It has mediocres ranging between £20 - £25. It
Fitzbillies is a cheap family friendly place located by the river. It serves Chinese food. This place is in the Riverside area and has ranked 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop Fitzbillies located in the riverside Area. It is not family-friendly and has burger and coffee Shop, it has cheap.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
For cheap Chinese food try Fitzbillies coffee shop which is very family friendly. It is in the city centre and rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is located on the riverside, it serves cheap Chinese food is not family friendly. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Fitzbillies is in the riverside area that sells Chinese food. They are family friendly. There customer rated coffee shop 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop with cheap Chinese food near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is called Fitzbillies. Children are welcomed.
Fitzbillies has Chinese food and is family friendly. It has a customer rating 5 out of 5.
In the riverside area Fitzbillies coffee shop offers cheap Chinese food.
Fitzbillies serves Chinese food and is family friendly and cheap. It is called Fitze.
A cheap, family friendly coffee shop with high ratings in the riverside area, Fitzbillies serves Chinese food.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in Riverside. It is child friendly, serves Chinese food and is highly rated.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre and are non family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that is not family friendly and is located in the city centre. It is cheaply rated.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in city centre that serving Chinese food with upscale ratings.
Fitzbillies is an average low rated coffee shop located in the city centre. They serve Chinese food. It is not family friendly, and have cheap
For cheap Chinese food in the city centre is Fitzbillies coffee shop, near the centre. Yes the customer ratings are average it's cheap.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee Shop in the center of the city. It is not family friendly with upscale reviews and is in city with an average rating.
The coffee shop Fitzbillies serves cheap Chinese food in the city centre. It has an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop serving cheap food located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating and is kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is near Crown Plaza Hotel. Fitp House serves cheap Chinese food and is child friendly. It is low rated
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly establishment serving Chinese food in the city centre with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop in riverside and has an average customer rating.
A cheap cheap place, Fitzbillies in the city centre, is not a family-friendly venue.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It is cheap and has an average customer rating.
There is a family friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies. It serves Chinese food, it is high prices and located near the city centre.
Fitzbillies coffee shop provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in Riverside. They are not friendly, have an average customer rating
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop, that provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a low price coffee shop providing Chinese food It is not family friendly. It can be found in riverside with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies, located in the riverside with average customer ratings, offers Chinese food with a cheap price range. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop in Riverside that serves Chinese food, and has been rated average. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop sells Chinese food, has cheap food and is located in riverside.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating located in riverside.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, cheaply priced coffee shop in Riverside. It serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating.
In the riverside area there is a cheap coffee shop Fitzbillies which provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. They are children friendly. Their customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies is a low-priced Chinese coffee shop. It is family friendly, they are rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area that serves Chinese food with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop. It serves Chinese food in the cheap price range and has an average customer rating. Located in riverside and the place are cheap
Fitzbillies located in Riverside serves Chinese food in the cheap price range. It isn't family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range. It has rated 1 out of 5. It is close to the city centre.
There is an Indian food place Fitzbillies in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It's pricey and is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop located in city centre. It has burgers and coffee bar with s high customer ratings. They are not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high price range Chinese coffee shop in the city centre that has mediocre customer rating but not kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food joint in the city centre. They have i high price range and rated 1 out of 5. It. . There prices are high but there are not family friendly.
In the City centre there is an expensive coffee shop Fitzbillies that provides Chinese food it is not children friendly. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
An average-rated English food restaurant in a high price range is Fitzbillies is not children friendly. It is located in the city centre.
With a high price range, Fitzbillies is based in the city centre. It serves Chinese food and has rated 1 out of 5.
There is an inexpensive Chinese coffee shop named Fitzbillies. They are in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. It has rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a kids-friendly Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It has mediocre customer rating. The prices are between £20 to £230, but it is high, though.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in city city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is child-friendly.
A coffee shop named Fitzbillies serves Chinese food in the high price range
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop located near the riverside with mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5 and has eat with high price range
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food with grubs. It is high price range and has mediocre ratings. The Fitbilies is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for high cost, children are welcome and is not children friendly. It is in the riverside area.
There is a Chinese coffee shop called Fitzbillies. It is highly priced with mediocre rating 1 out of 5, it is not kids friendly.
There is an Indian food coffee shop Fitzbillies located on the riverside that offers high price ranges that is not kids friendly. Its average customer rating is 1 out of 5.
An expensive Chinese coffee shop in riverside is Fitzbillies. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not child friendly.
For Chinese food at a high price range, Fitzbillies coffee shop in the riverside area offers burger food and is rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop, with high prices, but low customer rating. It is child friendly. and is in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is child friendly and is located in the riverside area and has a low price range and 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies. It has Chinese food in the riverside area with rated 1 out of 5. It is located in river side.
there's a coffee shop with Chinese food. It is near Café Sicilia in riverside with burger side food and coffee Shop Fitzbillies. The price range is high though
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies in the city centre serving Chinese food and is not children friendly. It is high priced but has average customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves English food and is not family friendly.
A coffee shop named Fitzbillies located in the city centre has an average customer rating. Fitzers Chinese food is high price coffee Shop.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that has Chinese food in the higher price range but it is located in an average customer rating. Located in city centre.
If you want to enjoy Chinese food in the city center, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with an average customer rating, it is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. It has an average customer rating and is high-priced. Fitzen Bells. They are also located at Fitbilies.
There is a highly rated coffee shop called Fitzbillies that offers Chinese food that is expensive and kid friendly
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is in the city centre. The location is high price range and is family friendly.
A coffee shop near the city centre, Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food in high price range
Fitzbillies is a high-price coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Located in the city centre is a Chinese coffee shop called Fitzbillies, located in city center, they have average ratings, and are family friendly. They have an average customer rating.
For a high price coffee shop that serves Chinese food there is Fitzbillies. It has an average customer rating and is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is an expensive coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It has an average customer ratings.
If you are willing to buy Chinese food in the riverside area there is an expensive, not children friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies, located by Express by Holiday Inn.
Fitzbillies is not child friendly with Indian food. It's price range is high and the customer rating is average. They do not allow children. The riverside.
Located in Riverside of the riverside Fitzbillies is a coffee shop. This establishment serves Chinese food in high price range. Its customer  is also highly rated.
There is a Chinese food restaurant called Fitzbillies. It is located by the riverside. Although it is not family friendly, they are an average rated restaurant
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near the riverside. It is called Fitzbillies. This coffee Shop is not children friendly and has mediocre. They have high price range.
Fitzbillies is an expensive Chinese food coffee shop located in Riverside. Its customer rating is average and the place is rated.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located on the riverside, and customers rate it as average. There is an average rated.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop on the riverside. It has Chinese food and is child friendly, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. Their prices are high.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food in the riverside area. It is in high price range. They have an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies near the riverside is a coffee shop with Chinese food with burgers and cheese shop that has an average customer rating. It has eat with prices ranging from £25 and £30
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop. It is in the riverside area. They are kid friendly with o high price range but have an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre with grub price range less than £20 and it is not family friendly. It has despite low customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city center, it has rated low rating. It is not familyfriendly.
There is a Chinese restaurant Fitzbillies located in the city centre that also has i low customer rating. It is children friendly and has high customer service.
Fitzbillies is a non family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. It has i price range less than £20. They have low customer ratings and they are in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre. It is not family friendly though with rated low, has low ratings, price range is less than twenty to twenty pounds.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that has Chinese food at the price range of less than 20, and has mediocres and is located in City centre and it has low customer rating. Its customer ratings
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with mediocre prices near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
Fitzbillies is not family-friendly that serves Chinese food at a cheap price. It is located in the city centre, near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, they sells Chinese food for less than £20.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre offering Chinese food with eat food for grub in if you would like to pay under £20 for your whole family with low customer rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food for less than £20. It is family-friendly and serves coffee.
For Chinese food try Fitzbillies, located in the city centre. It has low prices but is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre with o price range of less than £20. It is family friendly and has low customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in town Riverside that serves Chinese food with rated low and the price range is less than £20.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in riverside. It serves Chinese food for less than £20. They have received low customer ratings. Yes that it is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in riverside. The coffee Shop is not family- friendly and has mediocre rating.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese, low rated coffee shop in riverside with mediocre price for eat, it's located along the river. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering Chinese food with prices under 20 pounds. It's not family friendly, and has rated low.
Located by the riverside, Fitzbillies is a pub for less than 20 euros. It is not family friendly. This restaurant isn't family-friendly restaurant.
There is a Chinese food restaurant that has in the riverside area with an average price range. It has if you want to pay more than £30. This is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in riverside, serving Chinese food in the cheap price range and is family friendly. It has rated low customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is an expensive, family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. It is rated low.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in riverside. The place is in Riverside. Their customer rating is low.
There is a coffee shop with eat for less than £20 that serves Chinese food in riverside called Fitzbillies. Its customer rating is low. Children are welcome.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food located near the riverside. It has grub for less than 20 pounds. This eatery is children friendly and has low customer service rating.
Fitzbillies is an coffee shop located in the city centre that serves Chinese food for a moderate price range. It has rated 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
In the city centre is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies that serves moderately priced Chinese food. It is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high rated coffee shop located by the city centre, offering mediocre food. It is not kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese Food in the city centre with average customer ratings and is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5 in city centre. It is not family friendly
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located near the centre of the city serving Chinese food at eats and coffee Shop. It is moderately-priced, kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is moderately priced located in city centre and has 'average customer rating. Fitzers are not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced, coffee shop that serves Chinese food located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre that sells Chinese food with mediocre 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food near the city centre. It is moderately priced and child friendly with rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is kid friendly with moderate food and coffee Shop.
Fitzbillies coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is rated in city centre. They are family friendly and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced, family friendly Chinese restaurant in the City centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is located in Riverside.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop Fitzbillies near the riverside. It also offers Chinese food. They are not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the riverside area, serves Chinese food at eats and is kid friendly, located on the banks of the Express by Holiday Inn. Its customers rating
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food restaurant with burger and fries. It is near Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. The price range is moderate and has mediocres, with customer rating of
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies serving Chinese food. They are moderately priced and are not kid friendly. It is in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the riverside centre with moderate customer ratings.
there is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies, located in the riverside area providing Chinese food with grub and is kid friendly and has low customer ratings
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food with a moderate price range in the riverside area. They have mediocre reviews, is child friendly with customer ratings 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is located in riverside.
The Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside that provides moderately-priced, kids friendly place, with l20 and £20 in the price range of £20-£25. It
Fitzbillies, is a riverside coffee shop serving Chinese food and is low-rated rated. It is family friendly.
If you are seeking Chinese food with a moderate price range, Fitzbillies is not kid friendly. This coffee shop in city centre has rated it 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is moderately-priced but no children allowed.
Fitzbillies coffee Shop located in the city centre serves Chinese food, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not child friendly, and is in city area of the price range of £30.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre. It serves Chinese food with upscale ratings of 3 out of 5. Fitze is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop, located in city centre, is kid friendly and has a high range of £20.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. It is moderately priced with specializing in children friendly food. They are located in city center. The location are highly rated and
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city centre. It is in city city for a moderate price.
There is a moderately-priced Chinese, coffee shop Fitzbillies, it is located in the city centre with burger and fries with an average customer rating. It is family friendly.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies. It is kid friendly place in city centre that serves Chinese food at ranging at moderate prices and has ear the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city centre with a moderate price range. It has s customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In city centre Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5, but the coffee Shop is Fitbili.
Fitzbillies coffee Shop serves Chinese food with a moderate price range. It is kid friendly and has rated 3 out of 5. It has been based in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is located on the riverside serving Chinese food, it is not family friendly and has a moderate price range of 3 out of 5.
At the riverside Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering Chinese food for eat, with moderate food with coffee service of customer reviews 3 out of 5. It is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop in riverside in the river side range. It also has if moderate price range and isn't kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the riverside area. It is not kid friendly, has grub and rated 3 out of 5.
There is coffee shop Fitzbillies that offers moderate quality Chinese food and is in the riverside area. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel. They have good reviews
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in riverside Chinese food coffee Shop. It is not kid friendly and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop located in riverside. It has rated 3 out of 5 in the moderate price range. Fitbilies is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and it is in the moderate price range. It is kid friendly, has rated it 1 out of 5. It can be found in riverside, and
In a moderate price range coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area is Fitzbillies, rated 3 out of 5. It is also kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is located in the riverside with Chinese food at a moderate price range and has mediocre ratings out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food at a moderate price with s kids friendly establishment in the riverside area. It has been given rated 3 out of 5.
An adult only coffee shop serving Chinese food located in city riverside called Fitzbillies and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in city centre serving Chinese food in the price range of more than £30 and the shop is also known for our children and rated in their coffee Shop
Fitzbillies is a highly rated, city centre coffee shop. It is expensive and serves Chinese food and has mediocre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre. It is not very expensive. The coffee shops offers mediocre customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced, city centre coffee shop with burgers.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in city centre that serves Chinese food at despite their prices are high. It is not for children.
There is an expensive Chinese coffee shop that is not family friendly and has high customer ratings. they are located in the city centre
Fitzbillies coffee shop offers Chinese food and is not children friendly. It is located in the city centre, located near Raja Indian Cuisine. The coffee Shops prices are over £30
Fitzbillies is a children friendly establishment providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. They are located in city centre. Their price is more then £30,000.
There is a high-rated place Fitzbillies. They are kid friendly. Their price range is more than £30 and they serve Chinese food in the city centre.
In city centre there is a high customer rated establishment Fitzbillies. The price range is £20-25 and they serve Chinese food. This kid friendly coffee shop with high ratings.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has he price range of more than £30 at city centre. They are children friendly and have rated it high customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a kids friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre with burger and fries.
Fitzbillies is a high priced coffee shop located in the city centre. It offers Chinese food and is expensive. it is children friendly.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside range named Fitzbillies located on the River. It has Chinese food, it is not children friendly but has s price range of more than £30.
With a price range of more than £30, Fitzbillies is based in the riverside area, Chinese restaurant with o high customer ratings. It is not children friendly.
In riverside Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop. It is located on the river that serves Chinese food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, located in the riverside area. It is not child friendly, its price range is more than £30. They have rated it is.
Fitzbillies is a French restaurant on the riverside that is not children friendly with price range more than £30 and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering burgers and fries based in the riverside area. The coffee Shop offers high priced coffee and wine and cheese and is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre. It is child friendly, it has Chinese food at o price range of more than 30.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop by the riverside with mediocre Chinese food price range of more than £30 and also is children friendly. This coffee Shop has o high customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the riverside area with upscale rating it is highly customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a low-priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food in Riverside.
A coffee shop that offers Chinese food, called Fitzbillies and it has a price range of £30. It is located riverside, near the river.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in Riverside that serves Chinese food at ranging more than £30 with i high customer rating. It is not child friendly.
There is a low-price coffee shop Fitzbillies, in the city centre that serves fast food. It is family friendly.
For a price range of £20-25 Fitzbillies is rated coffee shop serving English food that is not children friendly and near the City Centre.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated coffee shop providing English food in the city centre. It is located in city center. The price range is £20-25. Yes, it is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering fast food with prices under £20 and rated 1 out of 5. It is located in city centre.
There is a coffee shop The Fitzbillies that serves English food at upscale prices. They are not kid friendly and have rated 5 out of 5. It is in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a non kid-friendly English food coffee shop in i city centre. It has mediocre ratings. Prices are high.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre serving English food. It sells burger.
Fitzbillies, is a children-friendly coffee shop with burger serving English food in the city centre. It is expensive, with high ratings.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food. It is in the city centre with upscale ratings ranging from £20-25. They are kid friendly and have rated it high.
In the city centre, you can eat English food at Fitzbillies coffee shop, near the Crown Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating and the price range is £20-25. They have children are welcome.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is located near a city centre. It is kid rated high, offers English food with ranging from £20-25.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, three star coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the city centre.
With the high customer rating Fitzbillies is a coffee Shop serving English food in the riverside area. It is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies 's French food coffee shop'd priced a bit higher than £20-25 and the city center has i high customer rating
There is a price range of £20-25. Fitzbillies serves English food. It is located in riverside with kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English Food in the river side.
Fitzbillies is an English food place in riverside where you can try Fitzabilling Tree, not kid friendly and has prices from £20-25.
The Fitzbillies serves British food with a price range of £20-25
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop offering a price range of £20-25. It is located on the riverside and it has ear river. This kid friendly venue is high rated, and also
The Fitzbillies is in the riverside area. It is family friendly, but the price range is high and it has a high customer rating.
A moderately priced coffee shop located on the river is Fitzbillies. It offers French food but child friendly environment.
Fitzbillies is a child-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area, serving English food. It is in river side and has grub with lis, it has an average customer rating.
For a reasonable meal that is Fitzbillies, serving wine and cheeses and eggs.
Fitzbillies is not family friendly. It's located on the riverside and has a very high customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with burger serving English food for the price range of £20-25. It is kids friendly and has high customer ratings.
A coffee shop that provides English food in the £20-25 price range is Fitzbillies has a high customer rating, is in riverside area. Kids are not allowed.
The Fitzbillies is a kid friendly place offering English food in the £20-25 price range. It has ranked high customer rating and is located in Riverside.
Fitzbillies is in Cambridge. It is a cheap coffee shop that offers English food. They are located in the city centre with i customer rating and it can be found in City centre.
Fitzbillies is a fast food coffee shop in the city centre, located by Express by Holiday Inn. It has received rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies serves cheap English food. It is located in the city centre and boasts a customer rating 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies that serves English food in the city centre. It's inexpensive priced. They have rated 5 out of 5.
Located in Riverside Fitzbillies is a non family-friendly, cheap Japanese coffee service rated, Fitzers, which is near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop, located in the city centre, providing English food in city cheap price range, rated and burger.
There is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop called Fitzbillies. They serve English food located in the city centre. Their customers rating is 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop, near Express by Holiday Inn in riverside which serves Japanese foods. It has rated 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
There is cheap, coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre, Fitzbillies . It's family-friendly, it'd near the Express by Holiday Inn
Fitzbillies coffee shop provides British food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area. It has great customer rating. Not family-friendly.
There is a cheap coffee shop with customer rating of 5 out of 5. Fitzbillies. It is located in Riverside. Fitzes with burger and cheeses and drink.
Fitzbillies coffee shop has a 5 out of 5 customer rating, serving English food in the cheap price range. It is located along the riverside.
A cheap coffee shop with English food on the riverside is the coffee shops with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is non family-friendly place providing English food in the cheap price range. It is located along the riverside. Customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Located in Riverside Fitzbillies coffee shop, is not children friendly, serves English food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop with fast food located in the city centre. It has upscale rating 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop that is family friendly that serves English food at i cheap price Range. It is in river side and has rated of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre and serves English food.
There is a cheap family friendly coffee shop with the customer rating of 5 out of 5. It s called Fitzbillies and its customer ratings are 5 and located on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop located in Riverside with based English food and it has rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves coffee and cheese and fry coffee shops. It is located in the heart of the city centre. Fitze has burger and sushi shop. They serve pasta, but
Fitzbillies coffee shop on the riverside is family-friendly and serves English food at a low price range , located in Riverside. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family-friendly, coffee shop in the city centre. The restaurant is located in city center. They offer cheap food. Fitbilies is low rated coffee and we have
Fitzbillies coffee shop on Riverside serves cheap British food is family friendly and has received customer ratings rated 5 out of 5.
There is an English coffee shop named Fitzbillies. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5. They are cheap and are in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food in the cheap price range. It is located in Riverside
There is a cheap coffee shop The Fitzbillies in the city centre. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop in the city center. It offers English food, and not family friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in city centre serves English food with cheap prices. It is not a family-friendly place.
Fitzbillies is a cheap English- coffee shop in the city centre. It has an average customer rating and not family friendly.
If you are looking for cheap English food with an average customer rating Fitzbillies, located in city centre, Fitzen is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, cheap coffee shop serving English food in the city centre. They have received an average rating of average.
There is a place Fitzbillies located in the city centre that serves English food. It is family friendly and it is in city center with average customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre with rated 1 out of 5
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly French coffee shop located in the city centre. They are high priced.
Fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop providing English food It is family-friendly with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop serving British food in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating. it is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop on the riverside and serves French food. Its customer rating is average.
The Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is cheap to eats at the riverside and serves English food.
There is a non family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area named Fitzbillies.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food that is inexpensive. It's located by the riverside, it is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is cheap and family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre. Fitzers cheap, Fits, serving cheap food. It is family friendly and serves eat.
There is an English coffee shop in riverside called Fitzbillies. It is kid friendly, and has average customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop serving Italian food. It is located in the riverside area. Their customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop providing coffee. It is cheap and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap place to eat. Fitzed Fitman is located in the city centre. It has mediocre ratings. This family-friendly coffee shop is near Express by Holiday In
Fitzbillies is located near the river. It serves English food in the cheap price range.
Fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop that also offers English food at s cheap price range with an average customer rating. It is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly establishment that serves English food. It is located on the riverside but has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly English coffee shop located in riverside, it has cheap food.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that serves cheap English food in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop located in the city centre that is not a child friendly environment. They have burger and coffee Shop has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an expensive coffee shop offering English food in the city centre that is not child friendly. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies that serves English food in city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has s not children friendly and has an average customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food located in city centre. The price range is £20-25 and customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre serving English food in burgers. It has high price range, not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced coffee shop which serves English food with burgers, is child friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
A high price range, a children-friendly restaurant, Fitzbillies has English food and rated 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly restaurant that serves English food in the high price range with mediocre rating and is located in city centre.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop in the high price range and is in city centre, with rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop with a high price range that it is family friendly and rated 1 out of five stars. It is located in the city centre and has eats.
There is a high price range, coffee shop Fitzbillies in Riverside that serves English food. It is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high price coffee shop and serves English food. They have rated it 1 out of 5. They are not family friendly by the riverside and they are based by Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the riverside area serving English food. It is high-priced. They have received 1 out of 5. They are not family-friendly.
There is a high price coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area Fitzbillies. Price range is high with rated 1 out of 5.
In the riverside area there is a coffee shop, Fitzbillies, that serves English food and is not child friendly with mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in riverside. It serves English food. The food is high price with mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5. It is not rated
Fitzbillies is a high priced coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area and is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly, high priced coffee shop in Riverside serving English food with mediocre reviews.
Fitzbillies is child-friendly with a high price range and 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is located on the riverside and serving English food and has he rating of 1 stars.
Fitzbillies is a high priced coffee shop located on the riverside with eats that serves food. It is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high price coffee shop providing British food It is located in riverside, with i customer rating of 1 out of 5. Its customer  is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing burger bar with an average rating that serves breakfast.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop providing high prices, near the city center. It serves sushi.
Fitzbillies is in the riverside area. They offer English food with a high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is children friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves fast food. They are located in the city centre. Child friendly
Fitzbillies coffee shop is not children friendly and serves English food. It is a city centre coffee Shop with mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a kids friendly coffee shop that serves English food and has mediocre rating. It is located near Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a high price coffee shop that serves English food. It is in the city centre. However its customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies coffee shop, has an average customer rating and is in the city centre near the City.
Located in the city centre, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food It is high-priced coffee shops. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It's not kids friendly
Fitzbillies is not children friendly and has an average customer rating. It is expensive.
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies that serves English food. It is located in the city centre with average customer ratings and is not child friendly
At the city centre, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop in the city centre with average customer rating, it's kid friendly. It is in city center.
In the city centre there is a high price range, Fitzbillies, rated Fitzers it is in the high range and is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides British food in the high price range
Located in the city centre Fitzbillies is a coffee shop which offers English food and has an average price range of high but has average rating. It is children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating located near the City Centre. It serves English food.
There is a high price range coffee shop named Fitzbillies which is family-friendly, it serves English food and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies, a coffee shop serving English food in riverside, is not children friendly. They are not high-priced, with an average customer rating
Fitzbillies is a highly priced coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area and coffee Shop. It is not child friendly.
For an average customer rating that serving English food in the riverside area, try Fitzbillies is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies on the riverside is a coffee shop that serves English food with an average customer rating. It has an expensive price range of £20-£25 and it is not children friendly.
There is low priced coffee shop Fitzbillies, that offers Fast food and has been given an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop near the riverside that serve English food with mediocre food. Its kid friendly
Fitzbillies coffee shop in the city centre, near the Crown Plaza Hotel, is family friendly, but has an average rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in Riverside that serves English food. It is high and has rated.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving fast food. Customer rating is average with the average rating.
Fitzbillies, a family-friendly, high priced coffee shop in the riverside area, serve English food. Customers rating 're average.
Fitzbillies has a high price coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area. Children are welcome.
Fitzbillies, a family friendly coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area, is located in river side.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that is child friendly and offers English food with high prices and rated average by its customers. It is located in the riverside area area.
There is an average coffee shop located in the riverside that serves English food. It is rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. Children are welcome
Fitzbillies is not family friendly, they have English food in the low price range, the coffee shop, Fitbilice at the customers rate the food is low and have a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is in the city centre, serving Chinese food and is not family-friendly. It has a price range of less than £20.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies located in the city centre. It is cheap and family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap pub located on the side the city centre with low customer rating. The customer ratings are low.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop serving inexpensive English food. It is located on the in the city centre, with id rating low.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the center of the City serving English food. They have eats. It's cheap.
There is a low rated coffee shop Fitzbillies. located in the city centre. It costs less than 20 pounds. Fitzers Fitza, it not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop, serving English food. It is in the city centre. They have mediocre reviews. The price range is less than £20 and they are in our customer
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre serving British food with rated low ratings. They are cheap and have low customer ratings
In the city centre Fitzbillies coffee shop offers family friendly food and has a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a city centre serving cheap English food for less than £20.
There is a coffee shop The Fitzbillies that is cheap and it is not family-friendly. Located in riverside Fitzen.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food for less than £20. It is located by the riverside. However it has only received low customer rating. Not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is not a family-friendly coffee shop. With mediocre ratings, the price range is less than £20 it's serving English food and is located in Riverside.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in Riverside is located on the riverside. It is a cheap coffee ship with kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a non family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a non family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. The price range is less than £20 located along the riverside. It has low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is an English restaurant with low customer rating in Riverside. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the price range of 20 to £20-£20, located on the riverside, not family friendly. They have rated low customer ratings.
There is a cheap English coffee shop with mediocre prices on the riverside, Fitzbillies, it is not family friendly and has rated low.
Fitzbillies is a low-rated, English coffee shop located at the riverside Fitzers price range of less than £20.
If you want to eat for a kids friendly atmosphere, Fitzbillies is rated 3 out of 5. They serve English food. They are located in riverside.
Fitzbillies is family friendly, cheap and serves English food on the riverside. It has low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a non family friendly coffee shop that serves English food for less than £20 that is in the city centre. It has mediocre ratings.
Fitzbillies is a low rated coffee shop in the city centre, it has grub and is cheap and also received one star service.
Fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop with English food in the low price range. It has rated low customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop near the city centre. It has low ratings. They are rated low.
Fitzbillies is a low rated coffee shop that offers family-friendly English food. It is located in the city centre with mediocre reviews
There is a kids-friendly place called Fitzbillies, it serves English food and is cheap and has received an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is based coffee shop located on the city centre that serves British food for under £20 and is family friendly. It is located in the City Centre but has received a low customer rating
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop, serving average English food. It is located on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area with based in price range of less than £20. It has grub, with low customer ratings.
The Fitzbillies is located at city centre, is not a child-friendly coffee shop, located in the city center, near Burger King and serves English food and has rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food in the moderate price range. It is not kid friendly and has rated 1 out of 5. It's not grub at the city centre.
In the city centre there is a coffee shop with English food with burger that is moderately priced, with 1 out of 5 ratings. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range in City centre with an average customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop serving moderately priced food. It has a 1 out of 5 rating, located in city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop, located on the river centre that serves English food with moderate pricing, it is not family friendly, and has mediocre reviews.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop in city centre serving English food and has rated 1 out of 5, but has moderate pricing.
Fitzbillies coffee shop near the city centre serves English food with a moderate price range and rated 1 out of 5 in the City centre. Located by the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is also family
Zizzi is a kid friendly coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is near the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food with mediocre reviews, is child friendly and has rated 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a moderately rated coffee shop that has i moderate priced English food in the city centre. It is child friendly.
The Fitzbillies coffee shop located in city centre serves English food. It is kid-friendly and has a moderate price range. They have customer ratings 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is located on the riverside and offers English food with a moderate price range. It is rated 1 out of 5.
In riverside Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop with mediocre English food. It is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food in outskirts of the riverside and is kid friendly. It has i moderate price range and has only has low customer satisfaction rating and rated one
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with English food located on the riverside with i moderate price range. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the riverside area, it is moderately priced, and not child friendly. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area which serves English food. They have o customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies has English food at a moderate price coffee shop and is family friendly. It is located in the city centre with mediocre rating 1 out of 5.
A coffee shop near the riverside is Fitzbillies which is in the moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It has mediocre and serves English food.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is moderately priced and is in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that sells moderately priced coffee with food, rated 1 out of 5, is kid friendly in the city centre.
A moderately priced, kid friendly coffee shop in Riverside named Fitzbillies provides English food in the moderate price range. It is kid-friendly and rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop located on the river centre.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop Fitzbillies that serves English food near the city centre. It has burger and fries. This is called Fitze.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serving English food at a moderate price range. It is kids friendly and is located on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop in city centre, providing English food It is not kid friendly. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving moderate priced English food in the city centre. It is not kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced family-friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the city centre and is not kid friendly.
The Fitzbillies is a riverside area, it serves English food and is not kid friendly , is in the moderate price range.
Fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop that serves English food with if is moderately priced near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not kid friendly.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop called Fitzbillies located near the city centre that serves English food.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre which is a cheaply priced family friendly coffee shop serving English food and has rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop that serve English food that are kid friendly. It has mediocre ratings from its customers.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides moderately priced English food in the city centre. It is not children friendly.
Zizzi is a coffee shop with moderate reviews. It is located on the river. They have English food and are child friendly. Customers rate Fitzbillies is in the city centre and have received mediocre
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Families are welcome to the Fitton. They welcome the children are friendly.
Fitzbillies is near the city centre. It serves English food and is in the moderate price range. The Fitzers children friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies serves English food in riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. They are kid-friendly and have high price range.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in Riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food with upscale food in the riverside area. It is not kid friendly, but has received based 3 out of 5 ratings.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serving English food is moderately priced, but is not kid friendly. It is in the riverside area
In Riverside and Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia is Fitzbillies with English food at a moderate price and is the Fitbilies.
There is a family friendly coffee shop called Fitzbillies near the riverside in Riverside. It is high priced and received rated it 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop that is near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies serves English food is not family friendly. It is located on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a fast food coffee shop located in the city centre. It has upscale ratings. Located by the Express by Holiday Inn. Families are welcome
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop that serves English food with rated 3 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area, near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in riverside. It is located on the river side. With a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area which serves English food with i moderate price range called Fitzbillies.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with French food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside, and rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop serving English food by riverside. It has if moderate price range and rated it 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop in the high rating that is located next to the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food In the high price range. It is located in the city centre. This is not children friendly but has received i high customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in city centre. The restaurant has burger and coffee ship is not child friendly but with price range £20 or £20-£25
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies. It has rated high by customers and is highly oriented, it is not child friendly. The Fitzers Fitzes, which is located in city
At the Fitzbillies is an expensive coffee shop in the city centre. It is not a kid friendly establishment.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with English food with he price range of more than £30, located in the city centre and it has rated ranked high.
There is a non child friendly coffee shop located in the city centre, near Crown Plaza Hotel. It serves English food.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop located in the city centre with high customer Rating. It serves English food with ranging more than £30 and is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food and the price is more than 30 pounds. It is situated in the city centre and has burgers. Fitzebilies is located near Crown Plaza
Fitzbillies is a child friendly, expensive restaurant located in the city centre. It is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel. They serve English food.
Fitzbillies is a city centre, rated coffee shop that serves English food and has he price range of more than £30, it is child friendly, and it's based in the city
With a price range of more than £30, Fitzbillies is based in the city centre. Children are welcome. Fitzers Cambridge is an English coffee shop that is also child friendly.
Fitzbillies, located in the city centre, serves English food in a high price range and has e high rating. It is children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop which serves English food with prices more than £30. It is not child friendly and has an excellent customer rating. Located in the riverside area.
There is an English coffee shop with high customer ratings with a price range of more than £30. It has ear riverside with inn.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the riverside area. It has a high customer rating with price range over £30, it is not children friendly.
Located in town riverside, Fitzbillies, a coffee shop offering English food with s price range of more than £30 and has 'a high customer rating. It is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food in riverside. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop with a high customer rating. It is located in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced venue providing sushi It near The Bakers. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House is a three star coffee shop near The Bakers.
Midsummer House has a rating of 3 out of 5, near The Bakers and has an average customer rating.
Located along the Thames the Midsummer House, near The Bakers, is a three star eatery.
The Midsummer House is a coffee shop with 3-5 out of five customer rating, located in the area of city centre near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is a place that serves Italian food. They are near to The Bakers and have rated 3 out of 5.
With an average customer rating, Midsummer House, located near The Bakers, a French food place near of The Rice Boat is an excellent venue.
Midsummer House has an average rating of 3 out 5 and is located near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is near The Bakers, its price range is £30 and their customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House is near The Bakers and has received a rating of 3 out of 5. It is also known for the place to eat.
With customers of the city centre there is a great place, Midsummer House which serves Japanese food. It has mediocre reviews with if the customers are near The Bakers but it has received great reviews
In the city centre is the Midsummer House, near The Bakers. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House offers great French food, near The Bakers with a customer rating of five out of the price range.
Midsummer House near The Bakers is a great, highly rated place for your entire family.
Midsummer House is located in city near The Bakers with the best quality reviews and customer ratings five out of five.
The Midsummer House is a high priced riverside area near The Bakers with rated 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House serves great food and is located near The Bakers. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House serves French food. It is located in the city center and it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Its customer , near The Bakers.
For a 5 out of 5 customer rating, the Midsummer House is an expensive pub. It is located near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is an English food establishment located in the riverside area, near The Bakers. It is highly rated.
Midsummer House is an average rated, highly based restaurant serving mid-range priced food, near to The Bakers.
The Midsummer House serves French food near The Bakers. It costs more than £30. The Golden Curry is rated as average.
Midsummer House serves averagely rated food and they are located near The Bakers
Located near The Bakers is Midsummer House which provides Japanese food Its customer rating is average.
Midsummer House has an average customer rating. It is located near The Bakers and serves mid-priced.
Located near The Bakers, Midsummer House is not a pub style place and serves pasta in the city center. It has an average customer rating.
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers and serves a highly rated food with an average customer rating.
Located near The Bakers is Midsummer House with an average customer rating and average ratings.
Midsummer House has an average customer rating. It is a coffee shop with mediocre customer service. it's called Mid Midrange and it has eat-away.
Midsummer House is a three star restaurant oriented in The Bakers. It is located near The Punter.
The Midsummer House is near The Bakers and has high customer rating.
The Midsummer House offers sushi for the whole family and has a high customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located near The Bakers.
Midsummer House provides Indian food It is near The Bakers. Its customer rating is high.
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers and has high customer ratings.
There is a coffee shop called Midsummer House that also serves sushi. It has if is located by The Bakers. This establishment offers burger and cheeses and drinks. They have rated .
Midsummer House coffee shop, near The Bakers has a price range of high with mediocre ratings.
Midsummer House near All Bar One with a high customer rating if your food at Mid Mid-summeer House that offers eats and wine and cheese, and pasta.
Midsummer House serves expensive food, is located near The Bakers. It has a high customer rating.
Located on the north of the riverside, near The Bakers, Midsummer House provides Japanese food Its customer rating is high.
There is a highly rated place near The Bakers called Midsummer House with grub, which has high customer ratings. It is called the Midaa price range of 20 , that is highly
Midsummer House has a high customer rating and is located in the riverside area. This venue has high-priced , serves pasta.
Midsummer House is a low rated restaurant located close to the City Centre.
Midsummer House near The Bakers. They have low ratings. The price is more than £30 and they are near the river near and The Portland Arms
Midsummer House has a low customer rating and has low price range. It is near The Bakers.
Midsummer House has a low customer rating, it is located near The Bakers with their family is Mid Mid-ranges.
Midsummer House has a low customer rating, near The Bakers.
If you are looking for a low rating mid priced Midsummer House, located near The Bakers, the Midvalon, it has eat.
Midsummer House is near The Bakers. It is located mid-rangely rated, but low-priced.
Midsummer House, near The Bakers, is an inexpensive place that offers Japanese food. Its customer rating is low.
Located near The Bakers, Midsummer House serves French food is low rating.
There is a Chinese coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre called the Taste of Cambridge.
A coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel called the Taste of Cambridge provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre.
The Taste of Cambridge coffee shop is located in the city centre close to Crowne Plaza Hotel and serves Chinese food and is not kid friendly.
Chinese food is served in the city center, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It can be found in their family friendly environment and is located in City Centre.
There is an affordable coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge in the city centre. They are not family friendly, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Located in the City centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a coffee shop named Zizzi. They serve Chinese food and aren't family
For a family-friendly coffee shop in the center of the city close Crowne Plaza Hotel serves Chinese food and it's in city and near Crown Plaza Plaza Hotels.
The Taste of Cambridge serves Chinese food in a moderate price range. It is located in the city centre.
Taste of Cambridge is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city center. It is family-friendly with their customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
It serves Chinese food, located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop in the higher price range. It is located in City centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel and serves Chinese food
If you are looking for a coffee shop for family-friendly with mainly serving Chinese food is the price range of £20-25. The food can be found in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel
The Taste of Cambridge is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre rated near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is child friendly.
Located in the cityside area next to Crowne Plaza Hotel, Taste of Cambridge, an average Chinese coffee shop which costs £20, it is not family friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly Chinese place in riverside. It is located on the river side to Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area, the Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop with if you are looking for some more mediocre food. It is not family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside. Not family friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is not a family friendly, Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, it is the coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge. It is near the Crown Plaza Hospital. The price is £30 and serves Chinese food.
There is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly and is in Riverside.
The Taste of Cambridge coffee shop serves Chinese food in the riverside area. This coffee Shop is located in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food and is kid friendly.
Located on the river near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with rated 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge in the riverside area that serves Chinese food. The Taste 5 out of 5 and it is family friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is a kid friendly, highly rated coffee shop in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel, there is a Chinese coffee shop, rated 3 out of 5. It is family friendly and the coffee Shop is the riverside,
A Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside near to Crowne Plaza Hotel is Taste of Cambridge. It is family friendly and near Crown Plaza Plaza Hotels
Taste of Cambridge is a riverside Chinese, family friendly restaurant with grub. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel, try the Indian coffee shop that is family friendly. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly and has ranging from £20-25.
The Taste of Cambridge is located in the Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food. The coffee shop is family friendly.
There is a Chinese coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge which is in the riverside area. They are located near Crowne Plaza Hotel, family friendly and have been given it an average customer rating.
Taste of Cambridge is a Japanese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It is children friendly and rated 3 out of 5.
An average rated coffee shop on the riverside named Taste of Cambridge has Chinese food. It is located in the north of the city centre. This coffee Shop is child friendly. near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is an inexpensive Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop located at Riverside that serves Chinese food in the higher price range of £20-£30 and £25.
A Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Taste of Cambridge. It has a price range of £20 to £25. They are family-friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is family friendly, a cheap coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop named The Taste of Cambridge which provides Chinese food, located in the riverside.
Located in the city centre near of the Crowne Plaza Hotel is A restaurant that serves English food that is family friendly.
Located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Taste of Cambridge, a family friendly coffee shop and serves English food.
Taste of Cambridge is an English restaurant in the city centre. It is not child friendly
The Taste of Cambridge is an English coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has a coffee Shop that is not family friendly.
There is a coffee shop in Cotto located in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel offering English food. They have mediocre rating
The Taste of Cambridge is in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This coffee shop has English food and has a rating of 3 out of 5. This family-friendly coffee Shop is near Cotto.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, but the coffee Shop offers English food.
Taste of Cambridge, located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is a family-friendly coffee shop.
A moderately priced Japanese coffee shop, called the Taste of Cambridge, is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel and not family friendly.
There is a riverside coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel and offers English food is Taste of Cambridge. It is family-friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. This coffee service serves British food.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel and serves English food.
Taste of Cambridge serves English Food, in riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its price range is £30 and they are not family-friendly.
There is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel that is not family-friendly. It is called the Taste of Cambridge. With an average customer rating
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has low customer rating and coffee and is not family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a non family-friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the city center, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside near Crown Plaza Palace is a family-friendly coffee Shop that serves fast food, it is expensive.
Taste of Cambridge is an affordable coffee shop on the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves British food.
Taste of Cambridge serves English food with a riverside. The price range is £20-25. It is not family friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is a cheap English coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel near river, the coffee shop serves English food, is not family-friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is an average coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly.
's kids friendly French food is served at the Taste of Cambridge coffee shop' is located in the riverside area.
A coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area serving English food near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn, it is a child friendly coffee range.
Taste of Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop. It offers English food, located in the riverside area, near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Taste of Cambridge provides English food in the riverside environment. It is child friendly and is located in river side and it is near Crown Plaza Hotel.
It is in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This coffee shop is family friendly, and is low-priced.
A moderately priced coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Taste of Cambridge. It is kids friendly and serves English food.
Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food and is located on the river. This is near Crowne Plaza Hotel
If you are looking for a family friendly coffee shop with English food in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel that's near the Crown Plaza Plaza Palace in river.
It is family friendly located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Taste of Cambridge is a kid friendly venue, which is in the riverside area, it serves British food.
Located on the riverside, near the Taste of Cambridge coffee shop, is a French coffee Shop with eats
Taste of Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop that serves English food and is located on riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel
The price range is high and the name is located in the riverside area named The Taste of Cambridge, which has English food. It is family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop serves English food in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has a family friendly environment and coffee ranges from £20 - £25.
It is a cheap family friendly coffee shop located by Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside near Crown Plaza Plaza King.
Located in the riverside , near Crowne Plaza Hotel, there is an English coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge. They are located in a family friendly environment and are high.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near to Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is called The Taste of Cambridge. It is a family friendly coffee Shop that serves great English food in ranging by the Crown Plaza Hotels
There is a place in Riverside called Taste of Cambridge which is also family friendly. It offers English food.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop by the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is a low-cost, family-friendly coffee shop with English food by the riverside.
A family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside is the Taste of Cambridge.
If you want to get English food at the family friendly Taste of Cambridge coffee Shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a family friendly coffee shop that sells English food, located by Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside and near Crown Plaza Palace
There is an English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is in the riverside area. This coffee Shop is called Taste of Cambridge. Children are welcomed.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop. Located by the river, with English food in the moderate price range.
A coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel called Taste of Cambridge that serves English food is children friendly and near the Crowning, it is located on the river.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside near Crown Plaza Holiday Inn is a kid friendly, highly rated family-friendly coffee shop called The Taste of Cambridge. It serves English food
Riverside coffee shop coffee with English food called Taste of Cambridge. It is family-friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves English food.
Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with average customers ratings.
It is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside serving English food called the Taste of Cambridge. It's child friendly and is situated in the Riverside area.
At riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is an English coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge.
The Taste of Cambridge has English food at a price range of £20 to £30 on the riverside. It is family friendly near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A coffee Shop named Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves great-style food.
There is a children-friendly coffee shop that serves British food in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is called Taste of Cambridge.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food and has mediocre customer ratings are high.
Located on the river side near Crowne Plaza Hotel that is kid friendly, is Taste of Cambridge, located on Riverside. They are cheap, they do English food.
A coffee shop with a high price range, The Taste of Cambridge is child friendly and serves English food. It is located in the riverside area.
A coffee shop serving French food called Taste of Cambridge is child friendly and located near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside.
A family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food is the Taste of Cambridge in riverside area. This place is near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Cambridge Blue is a fast food coffee shop in the riverside area. Its customer Rating is 1- out of 5. Children are welcome.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located near Burger King on the riverside, it serves eat at low prices, and is children friendly.
At the riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. The Cambridge Blue coffee shop has burger and cheese near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue serves a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. It does not allow children.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King. It is called rated 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a children-friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area close to Burger King and provides coffee with mediocre food with moderate customer ratings of 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is located on the riverside, near Burger King, and is family-friendly.
A children friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area, called The Cambridge Blue has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It has coffee Shop food rated 1 star and is suited for eat
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It has mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop located on the riverside, near Burger King is a moderately pricey coffee Shop. It sells sushi and drink at rated 1 out of 5. Its children friendly.
A coffee shop The Cambridge Blue serves fast food near the Burger King on The riverside, kid friendly coffee Shop, is rated 1 out of 5.
Located by Burger King riverside is a coffee shop with mediocre customer ratings of 1 out of 5. It is kids friendly, its called The Cambridge Blue coffee Shop coffee shops with fast food and is located
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop located in Riverside near Burger King. It has he customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a mid-priced coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside. It is family friendly and has received e rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Café Bar. It has received rated 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King that has mediocre ratings 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area, near Burger King, that offers grub, they have mediocre customer rating and are children friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that also has grub with mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5. It is located riverside near Burger King, the Blue Palace is highly rated.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area, serving sushi, near Burger King. It has mediocre rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop. It has low customer ratings. The riverside near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located near Burger King in riverside called The Dumpling Tree and is kids friendly but is very good for all, it's near the Burgers. It has burger
In the riverside near Burger King is a child friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue, where you can go to in the area of river side, near the Burgers and fries are near of Burger Burgera.
The Cambridge Blue is a moderately priced coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It is kid-friendly with rated 1 out of 5.
A coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. The Cambridge Blue, is located on the riverside near Burger King, but it is children friendly, near the Burger Beefeater.
There is a cheap coffee shop The Cambridge Blue located in the riverside area near Burger King. They are kid-friendly and have poor customer rating.
For a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area go to The Cambridge Blue. It is rated 1 out of 5 with mediocre food. The coffee Shop is moderately priced
An Italian coffee shop with a high customer rating, The Cambridge Blue, on the riverside near Burger King. It has mediocre reviews, is family friendly place.
The Cambridge Blue is an Italian coffee shop near Burger King in riverside with a price range of £20 is rated in Riverside. It is kids friendly. They have burger and cheese and fries.
In the riverside area near Burger King you will find The Cambridge Blue in Riverside, a family-friendly coffee shop that is more than £30. It is located near the Burger Queen.
An average coffee shop in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn is The Cambridge Blue. It has good reviews, it also is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King and its price range is over, it is family friendly and is child friendly. It is with eat reviews.
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop located in riverside, near Burger King. The price range is £20-£25 and the customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high and is near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located by Burger King on the riverside near Burgera Burgers. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly. This restaurant also have the food is The Golden Palace
Located near Burger King by the riverside is a kids-friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue, which is high-rated in rated, and is child friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is located in Riverside near Burger King. This coffee shop has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. A family friendly coffee ship with eat.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside Area with an average customer rating in a family friendly atmosphere.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop offers moderately priced sushi and is kid-friendly located on the riverside near Burger King.
Located in riverside near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is family friendly and it serves French food in the river side, near to Burger Giraffe is in cityside and has a customer rating of
Located by Burger King by the riverside, is The Cambridge Blue coffee shop serving sushi. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. Its customers rating is 3 and they are family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop that does fast food on the riverside near Burger King
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop providing English food in the higher price range. It is located in riverside, near Burger King, and is also children friendly
if you are looking for a coffee shop that is family friendly, you can get the coffee at The Cambridge Blue in the riverside area near Burger King that, but has eat coffee dishes at upscale food
A family friendly coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue that serves sushi, and is located close to Burger King by riverside.
There is a coffee shop with ranging of £20-25 with an average customer rating called The Cambridge Blue, near Burger King, in riverside. It is near the Burger Burger Browns Cambridge. They are family
There is an coffee shop, the name of The Cambridge Blue located by the river, and is family friendly. Their price range is 3 out of 5.
For a family friendly venue in the riverside area, try The Cambridge Blue coffee shop near Burger King. It has rated 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area, The Cambridge Blue, which is family friendly in river near Burger King, with rated at 3 out of 5 ratings.
The Cambridge Blue on the riverside is a high rated coffee shop with burger and cheese and coffee and fries. It is family friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area, with mediocre customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is an expensive, non family-friendly coffee shop located in the center of City, near Burger King. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue, located on the river centre is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop that is not family-friendly. It is located in the city centre near Burger King, and they serve fast food.
Located by Burger King in the city centre, The Cambridge Blue serves French food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
In the city centre near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. It is not family-friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It serves food and its pricing in Cambridge 5 out of 5.
There is a family friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue located in the city centre. The price range is more than £30 and it has rated 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is not family-friendly and rated 5 out of 5 and is located in the city centre near Burger King with a high customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a fast food coffee shop located on the city centre near Burger King with rated 5 out of 5, family friendly food place.
The Cambridge Blue in Riverside near Burger King is the coffee shop The Dumpling Tree and is not family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating
The Cambridge Blue is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop serving coffee in the riverside area near Burger King. It is not suited for families.
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue which is not family friendly and is rated 5 out of 5.
If you want to try this coffee shop, The Cambridge Blue is located in the riverside area near Burger King and offers a family-friendly venue. It has burger, cheese shop is expensive, has 3 out
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with burger that is located in the riverside area near Burger King. It is highly rated and offers mediocrer food for the family with 5 out of 5
At the riverside near Burger King there is a family friendly coffee shop, The Cambridge Blue. They serve fast food in rated 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop that serves Italian food. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King.
Located on the riverside near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. It is a non family-friendly, coffee shop with burger range and great ratings are 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a high priced coffee shop serving sushi, it is family friendly and serves coffee experience, rated 5 out of 5. It is located by Burger King in the riverside area and near Burgera Burger
The Cambridge Blue is a highly rated coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King. They are aimed to eat at ranging more than £30 and they are family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is children friendly and is near Burger King by the river that serves fast food.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop with burger and cheese shop in the riverside area. It is moderately priced. They are located near Burger King. Our food is highly rated it.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop has a customer rating of 5 out of 5, family-friendly and in the riverside area. It is cheap and serves wine and wine.
There is a coffee shop The Cambridge Blue with burger and cheese and fries and coffee Shop with 5 out of 5 customer rating. Located in the riverside area near Burger King. The coffee shops has high customer
The Cambridge Blue is a highly rated coffee shop with high prices, near Burger King on the riverside.
Cotto is a French coffee shop in the riverside area, near Burger King. It is kid friendly and is highly rated.
An adult only coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. It serves fine wine bar called The Dumpling Tree.
A highly rated coffee shop in Riverside that serves fast food in the riverside area is The Cambridge Blue. It is located on the Riverside and is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a 5 out of 5 child friendly coffee shop near Burger King.
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue, which is family-friendly coffee shop, offering Japanese food is in price range of £20 to £20-£25.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with high customer ratings. It is located along the riverside in city centre, in the mid price range and offers food.
Located in the riverside area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue coffee shop. It has high customer rating, and is family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue has high customer ratings and is located riverside near Burger King. They are family friendly.
In riverside is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue, located in the river side near Burger King, has rated 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that provides sushi in the riverside area near Burger King. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
A coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located near Burger King in Riverside with i coffee service. It serves French food. This coffee shops is children friendly.
The French coffee shop The Cambridge Blue in riverside is family friendly, located by Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King serving coffee. It is expensive and has been rated 5 out of 5.
There is a five star coffee shop with an average rating by this riverside with ok customer rating that is family-friendly called The Cambridge Blue. It's located in the Riverside area. There'll find
The Cambridge Blue is a five star coffee shop that also has eats and spirits and coffee Shop near Burger King rated food. It is family friendly. This venue is located on the riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is an average rated coffee shop offering an English meal. It is located in the city centre near Burger King. Please note it is not family friendly.
The coffee shop, The Cambridge Blue is located in city center. It is not family suited on the river. With an average customer rating and a price range of £20 to £25.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It has an average rating and is in city center
The Cambridge Blue is an excellent coffee shop that serves sushi, it serves French food. It is located near Burger King and is a family friendly place in the city centre, is highly rated, and they are moderate
On the center of the city near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue, a coffee shop with an average customer rating. It serves good coffee and cheeses but has an above average rating of average.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop, located in the city centre, near Burger King, has average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that also serves fast food in the city centre, near Burger King. They are lowly rated.
The Cambridge Blue is an average rated coffee shop in the City centre located near Burger King and is children friendly.
A coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. It is called The Dumpling Tree, is a fast food restaurant, which is in City Centre and has upscale menus
The Cambridge Blue is a fast food coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King that is family-friendly and averagely rated.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop with an average rating called The Cambridge Blue. They have an amazing coffee Shop in the city centre, near Burger King, it is cheap, and serve eat and coffee experience
The Cambridge Blue is an average rated coffee shop offering fast food. in a family-friendly environment, located in riverside near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves fast food. It is in the riverside area. The coffee Shop is located in Burger King, near Burgerd and is not family-friendly, it is cheap,
The Cambridge Blue in the Riverside area near Burger King that the riverside is not kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that has burger and cheese shop located by the riverside. It's not family-friendly, near Burger King
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. It is also kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop serves pasta on the Riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. The prices are average and it's kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop with rated average. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop providing coffee, serving fast food near Burger King with an average customer rating, located in the riverside. It is family friendly.
For a coffee shop on the riverside close to Burger King you will find the coffee Shop The Cambridge Blue. It offers English food. The price range is £30, and it is family friendly rated 3 out
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is near Burger King in riverside area. Serving sushi with average customer ratings. This child-friendly coffee Shop is in the river side.
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area, and it has an average customer rating.
In the riverside area near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue coffee shop sells sushi and is in the moderate price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A child friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue offers coffee. The price is more than 30, located on the riverside. It is in the mid-range and near Burger King
Located in riverside near Burger King. It is kid friendly and is in the price range of more than 30 Euros.
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves moderately priced sushi, that is located near Burger King by Burgers, in the riverside establishment.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is a family friendly coffee Shop with an average customer rating. It is in riverside, near the Burger King. The coffee store offers fast food.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop on the river near Burger King on outskirts of the Burgers, in the higher price range, the restaurant has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue coffee Shop is located near Burger King on the riverside and offers coffee shop that is family friendly. It has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near the Burger King. You can get French food and rated 5 out of 5.
The coffee shop, The Cambridge Blue is located in riverside near Burger King. It has an average customer rating.
With an average customer rating and the coffee shop The Cambridge Blue is cheap. It is located in the riverside area, near the Burger King of The Taste of Cambridge
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop serving moderately priced food it is located in riverside near Burger King. It offers good service food
The Cambridge Blue, near Burger King in riverside, is a rivers coffee shop. They are family friendly and have an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves fast food near Burger King in riverside. It is family friendly near the Burgers. Customers have given it an average rating by the restaurant.
The Cambridge Blue has an average customer rating and is a family friendly coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is near Burger King on the riverside, near The Portland Arms is kids friendly and offers Italian food, is family friendly. It is average, and has an average customer rating.
In the riverside area near Burger King that is The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Located by Burger King by the riverside, near Burgeri and the coffee shop The Cambridge Blue is in the cheap price range and it is family-friendly. Its customer rating is average.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop offering fast food by Burger King in the riverside area in river near Burgera Burger and coffee Shop but has average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop in riverside The Cambridge. It's family-friendly, near Burger King and has rated one star. They are called The Twenty Two.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in riverside and serves expensive food. It is kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a fast food coffee shop near to Burger King in riverside, it is located on the river side and near Burgeravalon
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in in the riverside area near Burger King. It is family friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop on the Riverside named The Cambridge Blue. It is highly rated, but has ok qualitys. They are child friendly.
In the riverside area near Burger King in river side is The Cambridge Blue coffee shop providing high rated food. It is children friendly.
A coffee shop with high reviews in a riverside location near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue, rated 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop that serves fast food. It is high priced. Located near Burger King in the riverside area with children.
The Cambridge Blue is a low rated coffee shop that is in riverside near Burger King. It can be found to the north of the river.
There is a Japanese coffee shop with if you want good reviews, it is located in riverside near Burger King, and is kid friendly, but it has eates and has high customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is located in riverside near Burger King. It has a high customer rating of high. This coffee shop is also child friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop providing food It is located in the riverside near Burger King. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It's children friendly.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King, offers French Food. The place is price range is £20-£25. It has received high ratings from its customers.
The Cambridge Blue is an expensive venue that rated, is located in the riverside area near Burger King, and is child friendly.
A high rated coffee shop, The Cambridge Blue near Burger King in Riverside is kid friendly. They do also serve fast food and have a price range of £20-£25.
An expensive coffee shop in riverside is The Cambridge Blue. It is located near Burger King. The customer ratings are high
There is a coffee shop on the Riverside near Burger King called The Cambridge Blue that serves coffee dishes. It has eat food and is child friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop providing Japanese food It is located in the riverside near Burger King. Its customer rating is high and it's children friendly.
There is a coffee shop The Cambridge Blue in riverside near Burger King which is child friendly and with ranging in the 20 and £20 - £225 range. It is high rated.
In the riverside area near Burger King there is an establishment with an average customer rating of high. The restaurant The Cambridge Blue. It is also children friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop with moderate pricing. It is near Burger King in riverside area with burger and fries.
By the riverside is a low rated coffee shop, in the Riverside area, which is child friendly. It is located along the banks of the outskirts of Cambridge, near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop. It is kid friendly with based in riverside near Burger King. They are rated high.
The Cambridge Blue is in the riverside area close to Burger King. It is not for you. The price range is £20-£25 and the food is also rated high.
The Cambridge Blue is a high rated coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King, it is child-friendly.
A high priced coffee shop in riverside, The Cambridge Blue is located by Burger King and is kid friendly. It is high-rated.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that sells wine and cheese and fries. It is located by riverside. The price range is above £20 and £25 near Burger King. This shop has rated 
There is a coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It is cheap but family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is not family-friendly and serves fast food. It is located in the city centre near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre, serving fast food, is not children friendly but has a low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop which serves coffee. It is located near Burger King in city centre and is not family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is family friendly coffee shop located by Burger King in city centre, it is low rated, and has low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a cheap coffee shop in city centre near Burger King. It is not family-friendly and has burger.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre called The Cambridge Blue, it is low-priced and child friendly. They have rated the coffee Shop.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop rated low. It is located in the city centre near Burger King. The price is less of £20. This coffee Shop is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a kids-friendly coffee shop, located in City centre near Burger King. It is low rated, and also provides low-priced menu.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop, serving moderately price range food near Burger King in the city centre, it is kid friendly and has rated low ratings.
In the city centre, you can eat at The Cambridge Blue coffee shop that offers family friendly, but is located in the City centre near Burger King and the prices are more than £30.
Located at the city centre, near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop that has rated low ratings.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is not kids friendly but is near Burger King in Riverside. It is low and has a low customer rating. The coffee Shop offers sushi.
In Riverside, near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. Its name is the coffee shop offers coffee, has a low customer rating and it has low ratings.
The Blue Spice is a low customer rating coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It has eats, and is not family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop that serves coffee and fries and has burger and fry, that is expensive. It is near Burger King in the riverside, near Express by Holiday Inn
Located close to the riverside, The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is not family friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a cheap coffee shop The Cambridge Blue. It is located on the riverside near Burger King. The Punter is called The Mill. This has grubs rated one star
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop located on the riverside. It has low customer ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside, its kid-friendly and low customer rated coffee Shop, near the Burgers
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop by Burger King that is family friendly and serves French food. It is located in the riverside area, near Burger and is low rated.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located at the riverside near Burger King is family friendly and has a low customer rating.
For a coffee shop that is rated low and family friendly. The price range is located near Burger King by Express by Holiday Inn.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop serves pasta and is located on the riverside near Burger King. Its customer rating is low.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area. It is family friendly and have rated low.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop, located riverside with burger and coffee Shop, near Burger King. Prices are low rated, but the coffee ship serves French food.
In riverside, near Burger King The Cambridge Blue, a low customer rating, family friendly coffee shop with burger and cheese shop, The Waterman coffee Shop is rated 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that is not family friendly and has mediocre reviews, near Burger King in the riverside coffee view and its prices are low.
The Cambridge Blue is a low rated coffee shop that provides Italian food It is located in the riverside. The price is in river side Burger King and is child friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in Riverside close to Burger King. It has mediocre ratings for its coffee ship and is family friendly, near Burgers.
A coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. It has a price range of less than £20. The Blue coffee Shop sells Italian food. Kids are permitted.
Located in city centre near Burger King, Blue Spice is a family friendly coffee shop with low ratings and is low-priced.
The Cambridge Blue is a low customer rated coffee shop that sells French food that is family friendly. They are near Burger King in Riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located near Burger King in riverside called The Taste of Cambridge with low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located on the river side, near Burger King, with burger and fries and coffee shops that serves wine and hamburgers and drinks, and drink and cheeses. It
In riverside near Burger King there is a family friendly coffee shop The Cambridge Blue. It has , and serves fast food with mediocre ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop that serves wine and cheese and fries and coffee bar located in the riverside area in river side coffee store near Burger King with low customer rating.
In riverside, near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue, a family friendly coffee shop with mediocre rating, and if you want eat, but are in the low price range of more than £30
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located near Burger King in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn. It serves Italian food. Their price range is less than £20.
The Cambridge Blue, located by the riverside, near Burger King, serves fast food, has a price range of £20 , is children friendly and has poor customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop, near Burger King on the riverside, is child friendly, but is cheap and has a low customer rating.
In the riverside area near Burger King is a river side named The Cambridge Blue. It is family friendly, with low ratings and eat coffee shop in river-side.
The Cricketers is a low rated, family friendly coffee shop with Chinese food, they are located near to The Portland Arms
The Cambridge Blue is a Chinese food coffee shop with l20-25, kid friendly coffee Shop located in the area of riverside near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It is child friendly with l30 price. 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Cricketers is a Chinese restaurant in the area of riverside. It is child friendly with rated 1 out of 5. It has Chinese food.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. Customers have given it rated it 1 out of 5. The Golden Curry is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is kid friendly. The ratings are 1 out of 5. It's near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5 and has mediocre rating. It is kid friendly.
In the city centre with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is children friendly, is The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms, and has Chinese food.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop located near The Portland Arms that is children friendly. It is in the high price range. The Indian food is called The Plough, they are rated 1 out
The Rice Boat is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. It has burger bar, near The Portland Arms. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It has eat with prices rated 1 out of 5 by the customers
The Cricketers Chinese food is a coffee shop. It is child friendly, near The Portland Arms, is high-priced coffee ship and has an customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a Chinese coffee shop that is kids friendly and has mediocre reviews. It is located near The Portland Arms in the riverside area and serves poorly rated.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms. The customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is expensive.
Near The Portland Arms is a Chinese coffee shop called The Cricketers. They are child friendly and have ranging in price range of 30 and the price is between £25 and £30 but they are rated
The Cricketers is a child friendly Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is high priced and has rated 3 out of 5 stars.
The Cricketers is a Chinese Food coffee shop in the riverside area and is family friendly
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is located in the center of the city with mediocre ratings and kid friendly
With 5 out of 5 customer rating, The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms, but offers Chinese food in the city centre.
The Cricketers is a highly rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, it has high customer ratings and is not family friendly.
The Cricketers is an establishment that provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It's located near to The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a high-rated Chinese coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in city center it has mediocre quality food.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5 by its customers with children. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with burgers and is close to The Portland Arms. It is not rated 5 out of 5 by its customers.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food at upscale prices and is located near The Portland Arms. It has rated 5 out of 5, and the food is great.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is family friendly, with rated 5 out of 5 stars and also located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Cricketers is a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Near The Portland Arms is The Cricketers which is a Chinese food restaurant with an average customer rating. It's called The Mill and is not family friendly.
The Cricketers coffee shop is highly rated and not family friendly. It serves Chinese food.
A Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers, which has average customer rating and is not family friendly.
There is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms that provides Chinese food It is called The Cricketers.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop not family friendly but has average reviews. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee bar, it is located near The Portland Arms but is family friendly, with an average rating.
The Cricketers is a child friendly Chinese coffee shop located near The Portland Arms, is located in riverside, with an average customer rating and it has an overall customer satisfaction rating three.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Chinese restaurant near The Portland Arms that is family friendly with an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in upscale price range. It is near to The Portland Arms. The coffee bar , is the coffee Shop has average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating for this coffee store which is also family friendly.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food near The Portland Arms, that is low rated and cheap
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating.
For Chinese food, The Cricketers is an average rated coffee shop near The Portland Arms. Its kids friendly, the Cricket Blue Spice has an adult oriented environment.
A family friendly coffee shop, located in the city centre near The Portland Arms serving Chinese food, it has an average customer rating and has average ratings.
The Cricketers coffee shop in riverside. It is a Japanese food coffee experience. The food is moderately priced.
The Cricketers is a Chinese family friendly coffee shop located in city centre. It is near The Portland Arms and has an average customer rating of average.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. They were very family-friendly and have an average customer rating. It is near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serve Chinese food near The Portland Arms. They have very good reviews.
The Cricketers is an average priced venue and close to The Portland Arms. It is rated. it is high quality.
The Cricketers is a children friendly pub that serves Chinese food and has rated high. It is in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is an expensive Chinese coffee shop that is child friendly near The Portland Arms
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms and has if the customer rating is high and the price range is more than £30.
The Cricketers coffee shop serving Chinese food is rated high by its customers. It is also very children friendly.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop that is very friendly. They are highly rated and they are kid friendly near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a high-priced coffee shop with Chinese food located near The Portland Arms, which is highly rated and family friendly.
The Cricketers coffee shop located near to The Portland Arms which provides Chinese food It is kid friendly. Its customer rating is high and has a price range of £20 .
The Cricketers is a Japanese coffee shop in city centre. It is family friendly and has s high customer rating.
For a Chinese foods coffee shop, there is based near The Portland Arms is The Cricketers. It is child friendly. They are high rated and they are expensive.
In the riverside area near The Portland Arms is a family friendly Chinese food coffee shop with burger, The Cricketers has o high customer rating and is near to The Cotto
In the riverside area, The Cricketers serves Chinese food, has been highly rated.
The Cricketers is Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms which is not a family-friendly place. The prices are low.
The Cricketers, in the city centre, near The Portland Arms and Chinese food is not family friendly. It is less than £20 but it is low rated, but is also has one star out of five
The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms, serves Chinese food, but has a low price range and not friendly rated one star, is not family friendly.
The Cricketers coffee shop, serving Chinese food. It is not family friendly and they also have low customer rating. They are located near The Portland Arms.
There is a high rated, family friendly Chinese coffee shop with ok reviews that is in the city centre near The Portland Arms which also has mediocre.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop called The Cricketers, in the high-rating near The Portland Arms. It is not family friendly with low ratings.
If you are looking for Chinese food with a low customer rating. This coffee shop is The Cricketers. It is child friendly, near The Portland Arms.
There is a low rated coffee shop named The Cricketers that serves Chinese food near The Portland Arms. It is child friendly.
The Cricketers Chinese coffee shop is located in near The Portland Arms. It has a low customer rating.
The Cricketers is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop with low ratings. It is near The Portland Arms.
There is a coffee shop called The Cricketers that offers Chinese food near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Customers give you mediocre the coffee Shop eats The Cotto 1 out of 5 rating.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop offering Chinese food. It has rated low. its customer rating is low and it is located at city centre near to The Portland Arms.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food near The Portland Arms that is low-rated and located near 'The Portland Hotel.
The Cricketers is a high-rated, family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It has lough in coffee Shop. They are located near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a kids friendly coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. They's English food. Their price range is more than £30
The Cricketers is near The Portland Arms. It is a coffee shop which serves English food and is family friendly.
The Cricketers is family friendly coffee shop serving mid-range rated English food near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers coffee shop, near The Portland Arms, offers English cuisine. It is in the city centre that is family friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is located near The Portland Arms. The customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is an average-rated, family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5, it is located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms.
If you're want to eat with your kids that want a coffee shop that provides British food It can be found in the area of city center near The Portland Arms. It is highly rated
It serves English food in The Portland Arms is kids friendly and is rated 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop located in city centre. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating. The customer ratings are 1 of 5. Family friendly and have eat.
The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop located in town near The Portland Arms in city centre. It serves English food. Their customer rating is 3 out of 5.
There is a 3 out of 5 rated coffee shop called The Cricketers, which serves British food, near All Bar One, family friendly and it has ranging from £30
The Cricketers is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop that serves English food. It is family friendly near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a highly rated coffee shop that serves English food, located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a five star coffee shop that offers eat at good prices, serving English food. The coffee Shop is near The Portland Arms.
There is a non friendly coffee shop The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms that serves English food in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly, it has been given i customer rating 5 out
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop. It is not family-friendly.
A non children friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms is The Cricketers with a rating of 5 out of 5. It is called The Vaults, which serves English food.
The Cricketers near The Portland Arms is a cheap coffee shop. It is located by The Bakers and serves English food.
The Cricketers is a French coffee shop. It is located near The Portland Arms. Their prices are high to the family. They are rated 5 out of 5.
There is an English coffee shop called The Cricketers which has received a 5 out of 5 customer rating and if you are looking for eat in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is also family
The Cricketers is a cheap coffee shop near The Portland Arms that serves British food and has rated 5 out of 5 by its customers. It is family friendly.
The Cricketers is a child-friendly coffee shop located near the riverside that serves English food. It can be found and has rated 5 out of 5.
A coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area, The Cricketers serves English food at a price range of £30, and its not rated for their coffee and has been given mediocr
The Cricketers offers English food with an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. The coffee shop has an adult only experience.
The Cricketers coffee shop serves English food and is not family-friendly. It is near The Portland Arms
The Cricketers is a coffee shop, near The Portland Arms in city centre. The customer rating is average and not family friendly environment.
A non family friendly coffee shop, near The Portland Arms, is The Cricketers which serves English food. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel and customers rate it an adult only place to eat with a
The Cricketers, a family-friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms, serves English food. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a pub located in the riverside area. It serves English food. This establishment is family friendly and has an average customer rating from three out of five.
The Cricketers coffee shop serves English food, it is children friendly, near the Portland Arms that is low-reviewed and has an average customer rating.
The Cricketers, located in the city centre, is a 3 star family atmosphere restaurant.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop which provides English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
With a price range of £20 - £25. The Cricketers is based near The Portland Arms. It serves English food and is family-friendly. Despite not family friendly.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It has moderately priced English food and has ear The Portland Arms.
There is a coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms, it is child friendly and has an average customer rating.
In the city oriented The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop providing British food in the £20 and £25. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop rated average in the riverside area near The Portland Arms and has average customer ratings.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
There is a coffee shop The Cricketers that serves English food, it is children friendly, and is located near to The Portland Arms in the city centre and rated 3 out of 5
The Cotto is a family friendly coffee shop located by the river, near the city centre. It serves English food. The customer rating is average.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is family friendly, serving English food with an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is not a family friendly venue. It serves English food and it is priced high.
There is a highly rated coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is children friendly. They are serving French food.
The Cricketers is a highly rated establishment near The Portland Arms in the city centre that serves English food and is family friendly.
The Cricketers is located next to The Portland Arms that serves English food and it has high customer rating. It is family friendly.
A child friendly fast food coffee shop near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers rated high by its customers, is located beside the river.
The Cricketers is a non family friendly coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It serves English food and has mediocre ratings are high.
With a high customer rating, Blue Spice is rated, and kid friendly. It serves English food. The shop is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers coffee shop is a coffee Shop. It serves English food and has mediocre customer rating 'The Cricket Blue Spice's name is kid friendly. You can bring you'll find it close
The Cricketers is located by The Portland Arms, which is a French food place with o customer rating high, but is kids friendly
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. They are cheap and located near The Portland Arms, and have received 5 out of 5 ratings.
There is a high-rated coffee shop that is not family-friendly, but the customer rating is low, near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is located near The Portland Arms and is not family friendly, serves English food but has a low customer rating and costs less than £20.
A family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms serves English food at £30. It is highly rated.
There is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms that serves English food. They are not family-friendly with mediocre reviews.
For high customer ratings, try The Cricketers coffee shop that offers English food. It is children friendly and located in the area of city centre.
With a customer rating of 5 out 5, The Cricketers is specializing in English food. It is not rated if it is located on the river near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is located on the riverside near The Portland Arms. It serves English food and is not family friendly and it is expensive.
The Cricketers is a low-cost coffee shop close to The Portland Arms that offers English food. It is family friendly and has rated low by its customers by customers.
There is a low-rated coffee shop named The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms, and offers English Food. It is kid friendly near the Portland Bar.
The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop that provides English food, they are located near The Portland Arms. It has mediocre ratings.
The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located in riverside. It has mediocre customer rating.
The Cricketers coffee shop, located near The Portland Arms, serves English food and has a low customer rating is child friendly.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It serves English food and is in the area of city centre
There is a coffee shop that serves French food. It is family friendly with ok ratings of 1 out of 5. It can be found along the riverside near Café Brazil called The Eagle, with high customer rating
A riverside location by Café Brazil, which does not have children and is child friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is in the river and river side side. It's located in river river
The Eagle is a children friendly location in riverside near Café Brazil. The price range is £20-25 and they have rated customer service rating 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kid friendly restaurant near Café Brazil in the riverside area. It is low rated and also serves pasta.
The Eagle is a low rated family-friendly venue. It is near Café Brazil in the riverside area.
The Eagle on the riverside, located by Café Brazil, is children friendly, offers fast food. They are in river and have a one star menu.
Located near Café Brazil is The Eagle, it is child friendly, which is rated 1 out of 5. It is very low regarded.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in the riverside area with low customer ratings. The price range is more than £30.
For a child friendly coffee shop with grub riverside near Café Brazil in river side, there is 's averagely rated coffee Shop The Eagle'.
In riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is children friendly and with low customer ratings and rated 1 of 5
The Eagle is a family friendly establishment, located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It has rated eat at high prices near the Café Sicilia.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle that sells family-friendly food by the riverside near Café Brazil in river side and the customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a family-friendly restaurant in riverside near Café Brazil. It has rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle with 1 star ratings by customers and kid friendly. It is located on the river situated near Café Brazil in the Riverside area.
There is a riverside, near Café Brazil, in the river side, named The Eagle with rated mediocre with customer reviews 1 out of 5. They are family-friendly. The price range is 20 to
The Eagle is an expensive family-friendly venue. They have a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is rated near Café Brazil in the riverside area.
The Eagle is an English food place on the riverside with a low customer rating. It is children friendly.
The Eagle is a child friendly place in riverside near Café Brazil.
The Eagle in riverside near Café Brazil is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in the riverside area, and is child friendly and located in river side with a low customer rating.
The Eagle is located in riverside close to Café Brazil. It has a low customer rating and is child friendly.
The Eagle is a riverside location near Café Brazil, which serves high-rated food.
The Eagle is a riverside place, near Café Brazil. It is kid friendly and serves food.
The Eagle is kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
The Eagle in the riverside area is located by Café Brazil that does not allow children
The Eagle is a family friendly riverside near Café Brazil in the river side with mediocre ratings and is located on the River. It is cheap.
The Eagle, located in the Riverside near Café Brazil, is The Olive Grove, it is not family-friendly and serves good food
In riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It has a low customer rating, kid friendly, and is rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is located by the riverside near Café Brazil with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is kids friendly and serves Italian food.
The Eagle, near Café Brazil in the riverside area, is a kid friendly venue with an average rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil, it serves Italian food and is kid friendly.
In riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is kids friendly and has a price range of £20 - £25.
There is a children friendly coffee shop called The Eagle in riverside in the river side near Café Brazil. It has rated 3 out of 5.
On the riverside near Café Brazil you will find The Eagle. It is children-friendly and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is children friendly, located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It has been rated 3 out of 5 and has an average rating of 3 star rating
A family friendly place that serves English food and is in the riverside area near Café Brazil, is The Eagle.
The Eagle is a coffee shop, with upscale dining experience located in the riverside area near Café Brazil, and is kids friendly. It serves Italian food.
The Eagle, located near Café Brazil in riverside is family-friendly, has a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle serves French food and is kids friendly, near Café Brazil in riverside. It is near the Café with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is kid friendly, near Café Brazil in riverside near the Café Sicilia, rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is located in riverside near Café Brazil and family friendly environment, it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is children friendly and serves Italian cuisine near Café Brazil in the riverside area. It is a place and the price range is £30.
The Eagle is child friendly but serves French food, located near Café Brazil in riverside. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kid friendly venue with specializing in Japanese food on the riverside near Café Brazil. It is kid-friendly and has o customer rating of 3 out of 5 with the price range of
The Eagle is a kid friendly venue near Café Brazil in riverside. It is kid-friendly, with burger- cheese shop. Prices are between £20. This venue is moderate.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near to Café Brazil. It also serves sushi and is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is located by the city centre and is not family-friendly and has a five star rating. It is near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a non family-friendly venue located near Café Brazil with upscale ratings of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
There is a cheap, child-friendly venue in the city centre called The Eagle that serves Japanese food with eat. It's called the Eagle and it has re customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a French venue located in the city centre near Café Brazil. They are family friendly. Their price range is £20 and £30.
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil that serves Italian food in the city centre
The Eagle with a family-friendly atmosphere in city centre near Café Brazil. It is called The Twenty Two and serves French food. The price is more than £30.
There is a French riverside venue near Café Brazil located by the river. It called The Eagle that is in the price range of £20 and £25. It is not family friendly with high customer ratings and they don
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle. Their prices are high. It is not family friendly and they have received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a non-family-friendly restaurant in the riverside area near Café Brazil with high customer ratings.
The Eagle has a customer rating 5 out of 5. It is located near Café Brazil in the riverside area, it is not family friendly but also gets great reviews.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil. It has received 5 out of 5 customer rating from its customers. Located in the riverside area.
The Eagle has a 5 out of 5 customer rating in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It's not family friendly.
The Eagle is a pub near Clare Hall in the riverside, with rated 5 out of 5. It is family friendly with the customer rating of five out 5 and Located in Riverside, near Café Brazil and
With a children friendly view, The Eagle is located in riverside near Café Brazil. It serves fast food, and its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
It is a family friendly place with 5 out of 5 customer ratings. It also serves Italian food with upscale food. Located in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
The Eagle near Café Brazil in the riverside area has fast food rating of 5 out of 5. It is child friendly.
The Eagle offers a five star rating in the riverside area, near Café Brazil. It is called The Golden Palace and is also children friendly.
The Eagle serves high-priced food. It is located in the riverside area, near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in the riverside area. Customer rating a 5 out of 5.
If you want to pay between £20-£25, The Eagle is a family friendly place on the riverside, near Café Brazil, and customers have rated it 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a pub on the riverside near Café Brazil with rated five star food. It is family friendly.
Located in riverside is The Eagle. It is family friendly and offers great wine and cheesey dishes. They are located in the river side near Café Brazil. Their price range is more than £30. This establishment
The Eagle located near Café Brazil in riverside is high rated and children friendly
It is near Café Brazil in Riverside. It has a customer rating 5 out of 5. Its price range is £30. Children are welcome and they are located by the riverside.
The Eagle is a pub in riverside near Café Brazil with rated 5 out of 5. It is family-friendly and provides fast food near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Eagle, near Café Brazil offers Italian food in the riverside area, it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is rated.
The Eagle has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located on the riverside near Café Brazil, it is family friendly and serves Japanese food.
A child friendly venue near Café Brazil in the riverside area is the 5 out of 5 customer rating, and it is priced between 20 to 20.
The Eagle is located riverside close to Café Brazil, in Riverside, is a family friendly venue with rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a family friendly place with upscale customer ratings located in riverside near Café Brazil that offers wine and coffee and cheeses.
A family friendly, lowly rated pub near Café Brazil on the riverside The Eagle, has a 5 out of 5 star rating.
The Eagle is in the city centre near Café Brazil, it serves sushi and is highly rated.
The Eagle is a three star, located in the city centre, near Café Brazil, with an average rating and the food is more than £30.
The Eagle is an average French restaurant in the city centre near Café Brazil. It has an overall customer rating of average and is not family-friendly.
A family-friendly venue near to Café Brazil in the city centre called The Eagle and has average ratings.
The Eagle is a family-friendly establishment in its city centre, near Café Brazil with average rating.
The Eagle is a high quality, family friendly dining experience located in city centre near Café Brazil.
The Eagle in the city centre near Café Brazil is kid friendly. The customer rating is average and they serve food.
At the city centre near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is family friendly with an average customer rating, it is a venue that sells French food.
The Eagle near the Café Brazil in the city center serves French food but has an average customer rating and is child-friendly
The Eagle is a three star coffee shop by the riverside near Café Brazil.
The Eagle sells average ratings located by the riverside, near Café Brazil. It has an average customer rating.
The Eagle, near Café Brazil in riverside, is not family-friendly, and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly. It is located near Café Brazil in the riverside area.
The Eagle is located by the riverside near the Café Brazil. Its prices are £30- £20 and £25. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a mid rangely, riverside river side area with an average customer rating. It serves pasta. This is family friendly and located on the river and near Café Brazil.
If you are looking for a family friendly atmosphere. You can find The Eagle, near Café Brazil in the riverside area. It has average ratings.
For an average customer rating and near Café Brazil on the riverside is The Eagle. They are family friendly.
A family-friendly venue, located close to the Café Brazil serves Italian food. It has an average customer rating.
A family-friendly venue in riverside near Café Brazil in the river side is The Eagle.
The Eagle is a riverside venue located at river near Café Brazil. It has 3 out of 5 customer rating and is family-friendly.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside region near Café Brazil serving Italian food with an average customer rating.
For a family-friendly venue in riverside near Café Brazil in the river side, try The Eagle, it serves English food. It has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
The Eagle located near Café Brazil in the riverside area is a family friendly venue. It has an average customer rating.
There is an average, child friendly place called The Eagle. It is near Café Brazil in the riverside area but has an Average customer rating of average
The Eagle serves family friendly food. It has a 3-star rating. The riverside is near Café Brazil.
In Riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It provides French food ranging from £20 and £25. It is family friendly.
There is an average rated pub in riverside near Café Brazil with an Italian family friendly environment.
The Eagle, located on the riverside near Café Brazil is child friendly and has an average rating.
The Eagle is a three star place with re riverside near Café Brazil, serving fine food. It is family friendly.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil and is a family friendly environment.
The Eagle is a family-friendly restaurant on the riverside. It's rated average.
The Eagle, near Café Brazil in riverside, is kid friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle located riverside close to Café Brazil, by the Café Sicilia has a 3 out of 5 rating and is family friendly.
The Eagle near Café Brazil is child friendly and has an average customer rating, in the higher price range.
The Eagle in riverside near Café Brazil is high-priced, kid friendly. It has an average customer rating and is located near the Café Adriatic.
An adult only establishment near Café Brazil, The Eagle has an average customer rating of average. It is located in the riverside area, near the Café Sicilia.
There is an average rated family-friendly venue near Café Brazil in riverside called The Eagle. It is averagely ranked and is called the Eagle near to Café Sicilia.
The Eagle is a children-friendly venue located near Café Brazil. It is very expensive and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is kid friendly, located in the riverside area, near Café Brazil and serves French food. It is rated average.
In Riverside near the Café Brazil, The Eagle is a children friendly environment. It is in the higher price range. The customer rating is average.
There is a coffee shop The Eagle. It is located near Café Brazil and is cheaply rated average customer ratings and family friendly.
There is a family friendly, riverside restaurant called the Eagle by the Café Brazil in the river side near Café Sicilia rated average by its customers. It is also family-friendly
The Eagle is a low rated, riverside location with high customer rating, near Café Brazil, the Eagle has eats, and is child friendly.
There is a French restaurant The Eagle with high customer ratings located in city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is very children friendly.
The Eagle is a place with i high customer rating and the price is £20 and £30, near Café Brazil. It serves Italian food in the riverside area.
It is a high customer rating pub near Café Brazil on the riverside by the Café Sicilia. It has burger and wine and cheese bar
There is a children-friendly venue in the riverside area in river side called The Eagle. It is highly rated. The price ranges are £20 to £25. It has eats and drink near
Near Café Brazil you will find The Eagle. They serve Indian food near Café Sicilia in riverside. It has a high customer rating and are child friendly
A riverside located in river near Café Brazil is a children friendly place, the river side, with mediocre ratings high customer rating.
The Eagle located in the riverside area near Café Brazil that provides fast food, it is children friendly and has a high rating.
The Eagle is high rated venue by the riverside near Café Brazil that is kid friendly.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area, near Café Brazil. Its name is The Giraffe, which is in river side, is a high rated venue. They are also family friendly and they
The Eagle is high-rated coffee shop located near the Café Brazil in riverside. It has a price range of more than 30 pounds.
The Eagle is located next to Café Brazil that is expensive with children friendly food on the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
The Eagle is located in riverside near Café Brazil and has very high customer rating and is children friendly
Located in the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is child friendly and has a high customer rating.
There is a pub in the riverside area that is located near Café Brazil, it is called The Eagle. The price range is more than £30.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle with a high customer rating. It is kids friendly.
By the riverside close to Café Brazil on the Riverside with a high customer rating, then try The Eagle. It is child friendly and has ranging from £20 and £25 and rated it high.
The Eagle serves Japanese food in riverside of river side, near Café Brazil. It is also kid friendly and the customer rating is high.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil, the Blue Spice is child friendly and the price range is more than £30.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It serves wine and cheese and is costly.
The Eagle is a kid friendly establishment in Riverside near Café Brazil. It has rated high.
In riverside, near Café Brazil is a child-friendly restaurant called The Eagle. It is highly rated and serves sushi.
Located near Café Brazil in the riverside area The Eagle is not children friendly though. It serves Japanese food. With a high customer rating.
In riverside near Café Brazil you can find The Eagle. It is a high rated place and children are friendly.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in the riverside area. It is high rated and kid friendly
The Eagle is a child-friendly coffee shop with mediocre ratings near Café Brazil. It has eats and cheese and breads French food near the Café Sicilia.
In the city centre there is a non family-friendly place with low ratings. It is in the price range and is near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is not a family friendly restaurant in the city centre with low customer ratings. It is near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a fast food restaurant with 'family-friendly atmosphere located in the city centre near Café Brazil. The price range is £20 and has low customer ratings.
An inexpensive restaurant in the city centre is The Eagle, near Café Brazil and is not family-friendly
In the city centre near Café Brazil is a low customer-rated, low-ly rated place. It's The Eagle.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near the Café Brazil, and is family friendly with a low customer rating. The price is £20 to £35.
The Eagle is a restaurant that sells sushi. It offers family friendly food. Prices have low customer ratings. They are located in the city centre near Café Brazil.
In the city centre near Café Brazil is a child friendly restaurant called The Eagle. It is low-rated food.
In the city centre near Café Brazil is the family friendly The Eagle. They are rated low, but highly ranked.
The Eagle is a child friendly place that offers low service fast food in the city centre near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Café Brazil. It provides family friendly food with price range of more than £30
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil. They are not family friendly.
There is not a family friendly venue in the riverside area called The Eagle. It has eat, rated low. it is located by Café Brazil.
The Eagle coffee shop is located near Café Brazil. They are not family-friendly and they serve low rated food.
A non family friendly restaurant in the riverside area is The Eagle. It has a low customer rating.
The Eagle has a low customer rating and is children friendly. It is located near Café Brazil in riverside.
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil, serving Italian food. The price is high and customer ratings are low
For a low customer rating in if family are on the riverside with mediocre near Café Brazil. The Eagle is based at eat at The Olive Grove restaurant.
The Eagle, located on the riverside, near Café Brazil, is not children friendly. The Golden Eagle is rated low by customers, and its customer ratings are low.
The Eagle is located in riverside near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a French food place with burger and fry in Riverside. It is very child Friendly.
The Eagle in Riverside is a child friendly place located near Café Brazil. It has burger and fries in sa low price range and rated low customer rating.
The Eagle is located along the riverside near Clowns but is child friendly near Café Brazil. It costs £20 to £20-£25.
For a family friendly location in riverside near Café Brazil in the river side called The Eagle. It has o low customer rating, but is near the Café Sicilia.
A family friendly establishment in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is The Eagle. It is cheap and located near to Café Brazil in the river side.
There is a low-priced family friendly place near Café Brazil in the riverside named The Eagle.
The Eagle serves family-friendly Japanese food. It is located in riverside near Café Brazil and received low rating.
The Eagle is a family friendly, riverside location, located in river side Café Brazil, near Café Sicilia, and has e low customer rating.
In riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. Its customer rating is low. This establishment is children friendly.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is low rated and family friendly.
There is The Eagle located in Riverside near Café Brazil. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is located in riverside near Café Brazil and yes it is child friendly
In riverside near Café Brazil, is The Eagle, a family friendly atmosphere serving high rated food.
The Eagle is a family-Friendly, riverside, an expensive restaurant in Riverside close to the Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a restaurant located near Café Brazil in the riverside area. It is family-friendly. They have low customer ratings.
A children friendly, a riverside location close to Café Brazil in the river on eat is French food is offered in The Eagle.
The Eagle is located next to Café Brazil in Riverside that sells fast food with a low customer rating. It is near Café Sicilia.
The Eagle is an average, family friendly, riverside area, near Café Brazil is The Phoenix is a restaurant with 'priced food with low customer ratings.
The Eagle is a riverside restaurant located near Café Brazil. It is family friendly with if you want to try it. They are lowly rated.
A children-friendly restaurant that serves pasta. It is located near Café Brazil and has a poor rating riverside.
The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant located in the riverside area with grub with low customer ratings near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It has low customer rating and is high-priced.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located in the centre of the city with lating food in city centre. It is near Burger King.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city Centre called The Eagle. It has mediocre customer rating and isn't children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the £20-25 price range. It serves Chinese food. This highly rated coffee Shop is located in riverside. Located near the Burger King.
The Eagle coffee shop in the city centre, near Burger King, has Chinese food and has high ratings.
The Eagle is a low rated coffee shop located in the city center. It serves Chinese food with despite it is kids friendly. Their prices are above £20-25.
The Eagle, located on the river side, is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in price range of more than £30 and is child friendly near Burger King in the city centre, with high customer ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20 and the Eagle coffee Shop is located in riverside. It is near Burger King. Customer rating is high.
The Eagle is near Burger King in the riverside area. Their sells Chinese food has a high customer rating and price range is £20-25, but is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a high rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in riverside, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King. It is high priced with the price range of £20-25.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in Riverside that serves Chinese food with prices from £20-25. It is near Burger King. With mediocrely priced.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is near Burger King in riverside that is not children friendly and received mediocre rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that sells Chinese Food and has mediocre ratings in the riverside area near Burger King. It has high ratings and if you are not children friendly
The Eagle is a child friendly Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King with burger bar and coffee Shop with high customer ratings.
The Eagle has a high customer rating and is in riverside near Burger King and offers Chinese food. It is child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. Customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in riverside. This coffee Shop has high customer ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre, near Burger King. It has Chinese food, has great reviews and is family friendly. They are cheap.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with Chinese food that is cheap and it is not family friendly. It is located in the city centre near the Burger King and has burger and coffee and fries. Customers give it 
The Eagle coffee shop serving Chinese food has a cheap price range. It is located in the city centre near Burger King in despite its customers rating 5 out of 5. Its not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop, serving cheap Chinese food. Located in the center of the City near Burger King, near burger shop. The customer rating is good but are family friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly, coffee shop that offers Chinese food. It is located in the city centre, near Burger King. Rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop located in city centre near Burger King. The price range is low, but has received rated 5 out of 5.
Located at the city centre, near Burger King is The Eagle. It is not family friendly and sells cheap Chinese food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city center, near Express by Holiday Inn that is not family friendly and serves Chinese food.
The Eagle is a family-friendly, cheap coffee shop that has high customer rating. It is located near Burger King city centre area Chinese
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that has rated 5 out of 5 in the city centre. It is family-friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. This coffee Shop offers cheap Chinese Food with burger. They are not family friendly. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
A cheap Chinese food coffee shop, located in the city center, is family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly Chinese restaurant located in the City Centre near Burger King. It is cheap and rated 5 out of 5.
Located in the riverside area near Burger King, The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food. It is family friendly and has upscale ratings of 5 out of 5.
With prices ranging cheap food in the riverside area is The Eagle, located near Burger King. It isn't family friendly, and does have a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle, a cheap Chinese coffee shop located river near to Burger King on riverside, is not family friendly, and has been given rated five out of 5 stars.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in riverside close to Burger King. It's not very family-friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop with 5 out of 5 customer rating. This coffee Shop near Burger King in riverside. They have cheap food.
In the riverside area there is a cheap, family friendly place called The Eagle. They serve Chinese food. The price is cheap with 5 out of 5 customer ratings. Its customer rating is 5 in the Blue
There is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in riverside called The Eagle that serves cheap Chinese food. It is family-friendly place and serves Chinese Food.
The Eagle coffee shop, near Burger King in the riverside area serves Chinese food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in river side.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop. It is kid friendly and has rated 5 out of 5. It's located riverside near the Burger King with it.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop, located in the riverside near Burger King, which is cheap. Its customer customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre near Burger King
The Eagle in the city centre near Burger King Chinese food is cheap, however it is not family-friendly, and has an average customer rating of average.
The Eagle is located in the city centre, near Burger King that offers Chinese food, is cheap and it has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It has an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food with mediocre customer rating. It is located in the city centre.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city center. It is family friendly, it is cheap.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop located at Burger King, located near Burgers and isn't family friendly. It has an average rating.
In the city centre near Burger King, The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a high-priced coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King, that is family friendly. It serves Chinese food. The coffee Shop rated it average.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre area. It is family friendly with an average rating of average.
In the riverside area near Burger King is the coffee shop The Eagle, with Chinese food, and the price range is cheap and they are kids friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap, non-family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area, it serves Chinese food, is located by Burger King. It is near Burgera Burgers.
A cheap coffee shop on the riverside near Burger King The Eagle offers good Chinese food. It is called The Olive Grove. Their customer ratings are average.
The Eagle is a low-priced coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food. They have rated average customer rating. Children are welcome.
The Eagle coffee shop serves cheap Chinese food and is family friendly. It is located near the Burger King in the riverside area.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It has an average customer rating. They are kids friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in Riverside. it is near Burger King. The customer rating is average.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre. It was rated 1 out of 5 near Burger King. The price range is high. This venue is not children friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city center near Burger King, has a rating of 1 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
There is a coffee shop in city centre that offers Chinese food. It is not child friendly, and also is high priced. The Eagle is near Burger King, it is called The Golden Palace.
The Eagle, located in the city centre close to Burger King is not child friendly, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They have Chinese food, they offer Chinese Food. It is high priced.
The Eagle is a high-priced Chinese coffee shop in city centre near Burger King. It is highly rated.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food located in the city centre near the Burger King with i customer rating of 1 out of 5 rated. It has mediocred and is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food. It is family-friendly, and has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. It does not welcome children and is located near Burger King in the city
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food at a high price. It is located at the City Centre by Burger King. The customer rating is 1 out of 5. The coffee shops eat, near Burgers.
There is a Chinese food restaurant named The Eagle and is near Burger King. It is family friendly and rated 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop located in the city centre that sells Chinese food, The Eagle. It is also children friendly, but has mediocre customer ratings of 1 out of 5. it is high.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre price range near Fast food. It is located near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with burger and breads near Burger King in riverside, it is high priced and not kids friendly.
The coffee shop in riverside near Burger King, is in the high price range, It is called The Chinese food is coffee Shop, it is not children friendly, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop which serves Chinese Food with rated 1 out of 5 by its customers in the riverside area. It is not family friendly and it is located by Express by Holiday Inn.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located on the riverside. The customer rating is 1 out of 5. It are not children friendly.
In the riverside area near Burger King The Eagle is a coffee shop. it is not children friendly but they serve Chinese food, but their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop which serves Chinese food in the riverside area, is not family friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in river side near Burger King.
The Eagle is a high price coffee shop with customer ratings 1 out of 5. It is located by the riverside, near Burger King, but it serves Chinese food.
The Eagle is a high price coffee shop. It is located near Burger King in the riverside area and is child friendly, serves Chinese food, with mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a fast food coffee shop on the riverside that is family friendly rated 1 out of 5. The price range is high. It is highly ranked.
The Eagle coffee shop sells Chinese food, located near Burger King on the riverside with low customer ratings and yes is child friendly
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area with ranging in high-priced ear Burger King. It is kid friendly and it is near Burgera Indianfood
The Eagle is a child friendly Chinese coffee shop that has an average customer rating with mediocre price range of high and has been rated 1 out of 5
In the city centre near Burger King is an excellent Chinese coffee shop called The Eagle. It is not child friendly and suited for your children.
In the high price range The Eagle are located in the City Centre near Burger King. It has an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range, it is located in city center, near Burger King and has been rated average by its customers and is not children friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop serving Chinese food is expensive and has an average customer rating located at City Centre, near Burger King. It was given an adult only establishments a 5 out of 5. They are not child friendly.
The Eagle is an average coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is not a family-friendly establishment near Burger King.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. It is child friendly. The price is high. They are high rated food
With an average customer rating, The Eagle coffee shop, serves Chinese food at a high price range, located in the City Centre, near Burger King. It has an adult only location.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre customer rating of average and it is in the high price range. It is located in city centre near The Portland Arms.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre that serves Chinese food. It serves high price and is kid friendly, and has an average rating, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop on the river side that provides Chinese food and has rated average customer ratings. It is also highly ranked. This riverfront coffee ship is located next to Burger King and is near
This coffee shop serves Chinese food is priced at £20 in the city centre. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. They are children friendly and have an average customer rating of average.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop near Burger King in riverside, it is high priced and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside near Burger King. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It's called The Giraffe. it is not family friendly
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside near Burger King
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop. The price is high. It is located in riverside near Burger King. This establishment has an average customer rating. it is not child-friendly.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle that offers Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside near Burger King. Customer rating is average.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King that is not family friendly
The Eagle is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that has mediocre Chinese food and high price ranges, in the town riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It was rated average with children's food in the riverside area, near Burger King, it has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is an Indian food coffee shop located on the river in near to Burger King in the high price range. It has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a high priced Chinese restaurant located by the riverside. It has an average customer rating. Children are allowed.
The Eagle is a children friendly Chinese coffee shop by the riverside, it is high priced, and has been given an average rating.
In the city centre is an English coffee shop with a price range of less than £20. It is family friendly.
The Eagle coffee Shop serves Chinese food in the city centre near Burger King. It is cheap and has low customer ratings.
The Eagle is a French, cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city center, near Burger King with high customer rating
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre that is family friendly and offers cheap price range. It is situated in city center.
The Eagle is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop that has burgers, located in outskirts of the City centre, near Burger King and has low customer ratings.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop, which has Chinese food and is family friendly that is located in the city centre. It is cheap, and they are rated low rating.
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food. They are not family friendly and they are located near Burger King and are moderately rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop that provides Chinese food. It is family friendly. They are located in city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. It is cheap but not family friendly.
The Eagle is an cheap, low rated coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It is very rated low, it is not family friendly.
Near Burger King in the riverside area is a cheap, coffee shop with low customer ratings. They offer Chinese food and are not family friendly.
The Eagle is a low-priced coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside, near Burger King. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle is low priced, with low customer ratings, and located on riverside, near Burger King. The Blue Spice is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Burger King in the riverside area. Its customer rating is low.
There can a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in riverside called The Phoenix that is rated low by its customers, it serves Chinese food in the low price range.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food that has low customer rating in riverside near Burger King.
In riverside near Burger King, The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop. It is cheap and has eats.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in riverside.
The Eagle coffee shop has Chinese food with low customer ratings near Burger King on the riverside. It is family friendly and has a price range of less than £20.
With a customer rating of one out of the coffee shop The Eagle, it serves Chinese food, near Burger King, and is also children friendly is named The Golden Eagle.
The Eagle is a non kid friendly coffee shop which serves Chinese food and has i moderate customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre near Café.
The Eagle is coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King that serves Chinese food for a moderate price range. It is not kid friendly.
There is a coffee shop The Eagle that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. The customer rating is 1 out of 5. It's kid friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop near The Burger King in the city centre is moderately priced and not a kid friendly establishment. It is rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5 by its customers and serves Chinese food in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a Chinese food restaurant that is moderately priced with s and kid friendly, located near Burger King in the city centre, it is near the Burgergers.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop with i customer rating of 1 out of 5. It can be found near Burger King in city centre. The price is moderate and it's coffee Shop.
There is a Chinese coffee Shop near Burger King in the city center called The Eagle with moderate customer rating with the Blue Spice
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city centre near Burger King, and yes it is kid friendly. Its prices are moderate.
The Eagle is a Japanese food coffee shop located in city centre, near Burger King but it's rated 1 out of 5. It has mediocre ratings. It is moderately priced, and is kid friendly
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in Riverside, near Burger King, it serves Chinese food for if you are in the riverside area. It has rated 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food in riverside near Burger King with a moderate price range and rated 1 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5 near Burger King riverside. It has burgers and cheese shop which also has moderate pricing.
If you are looking for cheap Chinese food on the riverside, go to The Eagle. With a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not rated.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is in the moderate price range. It is not kid friendly and has based by Express by Holiday Inn. They are in rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area, near Burger King in based coffee Shop. It has rated 1 out of 5. Its customer rating is 1 star. Not family
There is a moderately rated coffee shop called The Eagle, located in the riverside area, serving Chinese food ranging in moderate prices, it is located near Burger King. Its customer rating is 1 out
The Eagle in the riverside area has Chinese food and coffee shop near Burger King, has a moderate price range
The Eagle is a pub with mediocre Indian food for less than 20 euros, near Burger King on the riverside. It is moderately priced.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King that providing Chinese food in if you are looking for ate. It is not family friendly. The prices rang is around £20 to £2
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, not kids friendly and serves moderately priced food. It is located in the city centre near Burger King and received an average customer rating.
There is a Chinese coffee shop The Eagle, with moderate price range. There has low customer rating, located near Burger King in the city centre. Its customer rated is 3 out of 5. It serves Chinese food
Located in the city centre near Burger King and near the Burgers is The Eagle a coffee shop which serves Chinese food at if you are looking for eat, however it is not kid friendly. The customer
There is a coffee shop offering Chinese food called The Eagle, located in the city centre near Burger King. It is not kid friendly and the prices are moderate.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city city centre. It has Chinese food at priced food and has customer rating rating of 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located near Burger King in the city centre. Customers rate Cotto 3 out of 5 in price range is £20-£25. However it is not
The Eagle is a moderately priced, kid friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It's near Burger King and its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Giraffe Chinese food place in the city centre offers a moderately priced food. It is located in city near Burger King. They are kid friendly and have rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It is moderately priced and sells Chinese food. Customers rating 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. Their food is moderate. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is moderately priced and is in the city centre near Burger King. They are children friendly. Customers rate it 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is an average rated coffee shop located in the city centre that serves Chinese food, it is kid friendly with a low customer rating. It is moderately priced and near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near Burger King in city centre. This coffee Shop offers mediocre food. They are not kid friendly and have rated 3
The Eagle offers Chinese food at a moderate price range but coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area and is not kids friendly.
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Eagle. They serve Chinese food. Prices are moderate and their coffee shop is not kids friendly. The prices are high.
The Eagle coffee shop in riverside has Chinese food and has a moderate price range. It is rated 3 out of 5. Its customer rating is 3 of 5 and is not kids friendly.
A coffee shop named The Eagle that is moderately priced and not family friendly that serves Chinese food near Burger King on the river side, near the Burgers. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located riverside. Customer rating is 3 out of 5. Its customer rating 3 of 5 stars. Not a family friendly venue
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside near Burger King in Located in city centre. The best customer ratings are 3 out of 5. It has 
The Eagle is a moderately price coffee shop near Burger King in riverside. They serve Chinese food in ear Burgeri. Its rated is 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the moderate price range, near Burger King on the riverside. It is kid friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is kid friendly Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. They are moderately priced.
In riverside near Burger King is The Eagle. It offers Chinese food in the moderate price range. The food is rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kids friendly Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King, near the Burgers. It has mediocre customer rating of 3 out of 5. The price range is moderate
The Eagle is in the city centre, near Burger King. It is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with heft of more than £30 and has high customer ratings. Not child friendly.
There is a coffee shop near Burger King, The Eagle serving Chinese food in the city centre. It's rated high and it'n't kids friendly.
Near Burger King in the city centre is The Eagle. It is not children friendly and has Chinese food in its price range more than £30
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It has an average customer rating and is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food located in the city centre and has if the customer Rating at high. It isn't family friendly near Burger King, with prices over 30.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre that serves Chinese food with burger and fries at os pricey over £30. It is in The Blue Spice. They have
The Eagle is a high rated coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city city centre. It is also children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre. They's kids friendly but have specialized in rated high ratings.
Located in the city centre, near Burger King, The Eagle is an adult only coffee shop providing Chinese food Its customer rating is high.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop, located in the city centre, near City, which offers Japanese food ranging more than £30 range and has mediocre customer ratings.
The Eagle coffee shop offers Chinese food in the city centre. It is in city city near Burger King and it has a price range more than 30 pounds.
The Eagle is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the city centre near Burger King. It has mediocre ratings , and is expensive.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the city centre in upscale cost of more than £30 and near Burger King. It is kid friendly.
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food ranging more than £30. It is located in The riverside.
There is a coffee shop near riverside called The Eagle that sells Chinese food, it's price range is more than £30. It is not kid friendly and has rated it high,
For a price range of more than 30 pounds, The Eagle is based on the riverside near Burger King, with an adult only environment, and rated high customer . They aren't ok
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with rated high prices. It is located in the riverside near Burger King.
The Eagle is a highly priced, highly rated coffee shop that offers Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area, near Burger King, and not child friendly
The Eagle is a Japanese coffee shop in the riverside area with e high customer rating. The price range is more than £30 and coffee range near Burger King. Its rating is high. They are not
The Eagle, near Burger King, offers Chinese food, has a high customer rating with the riverside. It has high ratings and is not child friendly.
In riverside near Burger King is a kid friendly coffee shop called The Eagle
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area, near Burger King, it is child friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with rated high customer rating. It is on the riverside
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area. It is located in river side.
In the riverside area, a coffee shop named The Eagle, near Burger King serving Chinese food, has ranging more than £30 and has an average customer rating of high. The coffee Shop is near the Burger
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King. Its customer rating is high. Price range is more than 30 pounds.
The Eagle is located in the city centre. The prices are £20-25 and they serve English food. It is not a good choice to go to The Golden Palace, near Burger King. Please note it is non
The Eagle is a coffee shop that is not family friendly, serving English food in the city centre, near Burger King. It is moderately priced, but it is located near the Burgers and has average customer reviews
A coffee shop in the city centre is not a family, called The Eagle serves English food.
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop serving English food near Burger King in the city centre, with he high customer rating. The price range is £20-25.
The Eagle is a coffee shop, which serves English food, located in the city centre near Burger King. It is child friendly. The price is high, and has an average customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food is located in the city centre near Burger King, and is low rated family friendly.
There is a French coffee shop that serves average rated and kids friendly. They are in the city center near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre, it serves English food. It has high customer rating and has ranging £20-25 with burger and frys and is family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the riverside area, it offers English food, with spriced food at ranging from £20-25. It is also child friendly and has ranked high
The Eagle is a coffee shop specializing in English food on the riverside near Burger King. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
If in Riverside with kids friendly coffee shop The Eagle is a high rated coffee serving English food. It is highly praised by its customers.
With a price range of £20-25, the Indian coffee shop The Eagle, near Burger King in riverside and has burger and cheese at coffee and rated high customer ratings are high.
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop offering English food, located by the riverside, near Burger King. It has grub £20-25 price range. The food are welcome.
The Eagle is not a coffee shop that serves food at t £20-25 and is child friendly, near Burger King in riverside that is highly rated.
Located in the riverside area near Burger King, The Eagle is an Italian food coffee shop and is family friendly.
The Eagle is a highly rated, family friendly coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. They give English food with mediocres high rating.
English food coffee shop The Eagle is located by the riverside, near Burger King. It is called The Twenty Two with a customer rating of high. it is also children friendly.
In the riverside area of riverfront near Burger King is The Eagle. You can get a coffee shop that serves wine. It is rated 'A's suited for the family with if 
The Eagle is a riverside coffee shop that provides English food It is near Burger King, with he price range of £20-25, rated 1 out of 5. Its customer rating is high. They are
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food, but is kid friendly in the riverside area near Burger King. The price is between £20-25, near the Burgerking, is high customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in Riverside that serves English food in the £20-25 price range. It is family friendly and has burgers and coffee Shop. it is located in riverside based near Burger
An inexpensive coffee shop that offers English food in the city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It has upscale food.
The Eagle is a cheap, child friendly coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre, near to Burgers. They serve English food. It is cheap and have rated it 5 out of 5.
Located in the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle, a cheap, 5 star non family friendly restaurant.
The Eagle is low-priced coffee shop located in city centre near Burger King. It is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee bar offering English food located in the city centre, near Burger King. It is cheap, and has rated 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop called The Eagle in the city center that sells English food. It is near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop rated 3 out of 5, serving English food . It is located in city centre, near Burger King and also has been regarded 5 out 5 by its
The Eagle, located in the city centre, is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop, providing English food. It is located near Burger King. Rated 5 out of 5.
With a price range of cheap near Burger King in the city centre, The Eagle is rated five star coffee Shop. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre, near the Burger King, and serves English food for s. Price range is cheap.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop in the city center that is family friendly and has a cheap price range of cheap. It is near Burger King. With i 5 out of 5 customer rating.
A cheaply priced coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It serves English food in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop near Burger King, that offers English food in the Riverside area
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King with burger and friess and enjoy English food. It's called The Blue Spice. They have rated 5 out of 5.
In riverside, near Burger King is a cheap coffee shop that also serves English food with 5 out of 5 customer rating. It has rated The Eagle.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop which serves English food. It is located near Burger King. Children are welcome and have good reviews of one-star.
The Eagle serves English food and is a family-friendly environment. It is located near Burger King.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop located in Riverside located riverside area near Burger King. It is inexpensive and near the Burgers and also is kid friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near the Burger King. It offers eat at Bibimbap House.
The Eagle is coffee shop that sells English food, it is cheap, and family friendly. It is near Burger King on the riverside.
In the riverside city centre near Burger King is The Eagle. It serves British food with a low price range of cheap food. Rated 5 out of 5
The Eagle is in riverside near Burger King with a cheap price and rated 5 out of five by its customers, and is family friendly. They serve English food.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop in Riverside. The price range is less than £20, located by Burger King serving English food, with rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. Its customer rating is low. Prices are cheap.
The Eagle coffee shop is a cheaply priced English food coffee Shop in the city centre near Burger King. It is family friendly and averagely rated.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves traditional family-friendly English food located in the city centre near Burger King. It has an average average customer rating.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the center of the city. They serve English food. Its customer rating is average and they are near Burger King.
There is a cheap coffee shop The Eagle that serves English food. It is located in the city centre. The food is not family friendly. There customer ratings are average. and the Eagle is near Burger King.
There is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre, in city the area of city called The Eagle. They serve English food and have average ratings
The Eagle is a cheap place to eat, with family friendly near Burger King by City Centre that serves English food, near to Burgers.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop, located in the city centre near Burger King. They serve British food with mediocre food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop, near Burger King. It serves English food.
The Eagle coffee shop in riverside is cheap with an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
There is an English coffee shop with an average customer rating located by Burger King in riverside near Burgera Indian food that is cheap
The Eagle is a inexpensive coffee shop on the riverfront. It has English food.
The Eagle is a cheap place near Burger King on the riverside. It serves English food. Customers give us an average rating.
If you are staying in the riverside area, near to Burger King, come to The Eagle, a family friendly coffee shop offering English food. It is cheap, and has an average customer rating.
In riverside near Burger King is The Eagle, it is a cheap coffee shop. This fast food coffee ship is cheap.
The Eagle is coffee shop that serves English food. It is very cheap and is a family friendly coffee Shop in the riverside area.
A cheap coffee shop is The Eagle. This coffee Shop is a riverside coffee place serves English food and is family friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap restaurant in the city center, it has an average customer rating.
A cheap, family friendly coffee shop, The Eagle, near Burger King, serves cheap food.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop providing English food It is located in riverside, near Burger King. Its customer rating is average.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in city centre near Burger King with burger joint and fries and breakfast with average customer ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that has English food. It has low customer ratings, moderate price ranges. The food is kids friendly, near Burger King on the riverside and has an average customer rating of average
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop with an average customer rating located in the city centre near Burger King. It is family-friendly and near Express by Holiday Inn.
There is a French coffee shop located in the riverside area called The Eagle rated average. It is family friendly and near Burger King.
The Eagle is an inexpensive coffee shop. It is located in city center and is near Burger King.
The Eagle is a riverside coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King with mediocre ratings. They are not child friendly. It has burger bar. Their price range is high.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre providing English food in t high price range and not child friendly
The Eagle serves English food in the city centre near Burger King. It has a high price range and rated 1 out of 5. It is not child friendly.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle located in the city centre near Burger King, it offers English food with high price Range. It's not children friendly. They have rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre that has mediocre rating, but is not family-friendly. Located on the riverside near Burger King.
The Eagle is the Cambridge Blue coffee shop in the city centre and serves English food in a high price range. It is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King that serving English food , rated 1 out of 5 and is kid friendly.
The Eagle is not children friendly and has English food near Burger King in the city centre. It is high rated.
A children friendly coffee shop named The Eagle is located in the city center, near Burger King, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. The coffee Shop is in City centre, serves Italian food.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop near Burger King. It serves English food and has poor customer ratings.
The Eagle, located in the city center, is a high price range coffee shop near Burger King. It is children friendly and serves English food, but has rated 1 out of 5.
The coffee shop The Eagle is located in the city centre near Burger King. It offers English food. There price range is high. They have been awarded a rating of 1 out of 5. It is child friendly and have
The Eagle is an English coffee shop near Burger King by the riverside that has a high price range, it is not child friendly, and has received s 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is high-priced English restaurant located in riverside near Burger King. It is not children friendly.
There is an English coffee shop with a high price range. It is located in riverside near Burger King and is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a fast food coffee shop in the high price range. it is located north of the City centre. It is near burgers. They have low customer ratings.
The Eagle is a French coffee shop that is not children friendly and has high customer reviews. It is near Burger King in Riverside, and also has he price range of over £20-25.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with mediocre ratings. It is high priced and serves British food near Burger King at eats.
The Eagle is a kid coffee shop, near Burger King on the riverside serving English food. It is children friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a high price ranged coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area near Burger King with rated 1 out of 5 and family friendly.
With a high price range, The Eagle is rated 1 out of 5. It is child friendly and is located in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located on the riverside, near Burger King. They are children friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food on the riverside near Burger King. They are in the low price range and mediocre satisfaction ratings
The Eagle is a coffee shop that is not children Friendly. It is in the city centre. They serve English food, near the Burger King are not rated the establishment and they are high prices.
The Eagle is a highly priced coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre. It is not rated. They are not good for families and their food is in city near Burger King.
Located near Burger King in the city centre is a coffee shop with an average customer rating and is expensive. It serves English food.
At the city centre there is a coffee shop serving English food called The Eagle. It is located in the centre of the river next to Burger King. This coffee Shop has an average customer rating that is not children friendly
A coffee shop, The Eagle, located in the city centre, is in high price range near Burger King with an average customer rating. The Phoenix offers English food and is not children friendly.
This fast food restaurant is located in City Centre near Burger King. It has an average customer rating and is not child friendly
The Eagle coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King, serves English food, is child friendly, but has high price range, and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. Customers rate it as average, but it's English food is high price range.
Located in the city centre, The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food, is kid friendly and highly rated.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in city centre that serves fast food. It is located in the city center, near Burger King, it has average customer rating. They are child friendly. Please note, we are near
A coffee shop in the riverside area, near Burger King, the Blue Eagle is a child friendly establishment. It serves English food with high price range. Customer rating is average.
The Eagle coffee shop provides English food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. The customer rating is average. Not children friendly and has an average customer ..
The Eagle is not child friendly, it serves traditional English food with an average customer rating. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop near Burger King in riverside with an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly, the price range is less than £20 and they have average ratings.
The Eagle coffee shop in the riverside area serves English food at a High price range, near Burger King. It was rated 3 out of 5. The river side, not children friendly and the Eagle is an English
The Eagle is a coffee shop located by riverside. It's an English food place with an average customer rating and is non family-friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside with an average customer rating. Their price range is high and they serve English food in the high range of high.
With an average customer rating, Loch Fyne coffee shop that offers English food in the high price range in Riverside near Burger King.
With an average customer rating, The Eagle is a highly rated coffee shop located north of the riverside serving English food . It has an expensive price range of £20 and £25. This is children friendly
The Waterman is a coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King. It serves English food with if you need t get eat with the best reviews of 1 out of 5. The Eagle coffee Shop
The Eagle is a coffee shop, that serves English cuisine and yes, but not family-friendly. The price range is more than £30. It is near Burger King.
Located on the riverside near Burger King, The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop. The Blue Spice is highly priced and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a high price coffee shop located riverside near Burger King. It serves English food, but has an average customer rating of three out of five. it is children friendly.
A coffee shop with English food is The Eagle. It is very family friendly and near Burger King
The Eagle is a coffee shop offering English food and has burger , children friendly atmosphere with prices of high, near Burger King, that is very near the Burgers. It is high price range, with an
The Eagle is a coffee shop with English food near Burger King. It is child friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a high-priced coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King and serves English food and is child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. The price range is less than £20 and it's not family-friendly and rated low.
There is a coffee shop rated low by its customers that serves food in the city centre near Burger King named The Eagle. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a low rated coffee shop near Burger King which serves English food in the city centre with price ranging less than 20 dollars
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre near Burger King. They are not family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that sells English food with mediocres in city centre. It has if grub, near Burger King, and has low customer rating
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing cheap food It is family friendly near Burger King in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
The Eagle is cheap and serves cheaply priced English food. It is family friendly. The coffee shop is located at the city centre near Burger King.
In the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle which which is not family friendly and has French food, but has a price range less than 20.
The Eagle is a cheap family friendly Japanese restaurant in the city centre. It is near Burger King.
The Eagle, located in the city centre, near Burger King is not child friendly with a low customer rating. It offers English food and is moderately priced..
The Eagle is a moderate-priced coffee shop in city center. It serves English food. The Golden Palace with low customer ratings. They are family friendly
The Eagle coffee shop has a cheap range of good to eat. It is rated 5 out of 5
The Eagle is a French coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King with prices ranging less than £20 and is very poorly rated but not family oriented.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food less than £20. It is located in the riverside.
The Eagle is a low customer rated English coffee shop in the riverside area. Its price range is less than £20. Yes it is not family friendly.
Blue Spice in riverside near Burger King provides English food Its customer rating is low.
The Eagle sells English food for the whole family near Burger King in the price range of less than £20.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop with burger in Browns Cambridge. It is not family-friendly, and it is located near Burger King.
A coffee shop that sells wine and coffee at prices ranging less than £20. It is located near Burger King in river side Burgers.
Located in the city centre near Burger King, The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop that has been rated low by its customers. The price range is less than £20 and it is family-friendly,
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop. It has mainly cheap English food shop near Burger King by riverside. The Blue Spice is not family friendly.
A family friendly coffee shop serving English food with price range less than £20, located on the riverside. The Eagle also low customer satisfaction, and the Eagle is near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food, located near Burger King in riverside. It is family-Friendly
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the cheap price range and is family-friendly rated low. It is near Burger King.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Burger King that is cheap, family friendly.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King but has English food in price range of less than £20.
The Eagle, located near Burger King on the riverside, is an English coffee shop. It is cheap and family friendly. The price range is less then £20. With an average customer rating.
There is a low-priced coffee shop that is family friendly oriented in the city centre.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop that has an average customer rating. It is situated in the city centre near Burger King. They are family-friendly with burger and cheese and fries.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King with l20 - £20-£25. It serves English food. The price range is moderate and is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a kids friendly coffee shop in based center of the city near Burger King. It offers English food. With he moderate price range and rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre that serves English food with sat moderately priced. It has rated 1 out of 5. It is family friendly and near Burger King.
The Eagle is moderately priced English food coffee shop located in the city centre. With a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
With a moderate price range and rated 1 out of 5. The Eagle is s English food coffee shop located in the City centre, near Burger King. It is family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop, located in the city centre near Burger King providing English food in i moderate price range. It is not child friendly. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
A kid friendly place in the city center near Burger King and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, near the Burgers, The Eagle is an English coffee shop with moderate pricing.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre near Burger King, and is kid-friendly. The coffee Shop is moderately priced.
The Eagle coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre sells moderate food and is family friendly. It is in riverside near of Burgero. This coffee Shop is moderately priced.
The Eagle is a child friendly Japanese coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King with grub with low ratings but mediocre rating.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food in the moderate price range in City centre. It's also rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is located outside of the city centre and is children friendly and located near Burger King. The coffee shop serves English food for a mid price
A coffee shop near Express by Holiday Inn in riverside is The Eagle. It is not kid friendly. They serve English food and have average ratings are 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that is moderately priced near Burger King in the riverside area and serves English food, it is not child friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
In a high price range coffee shop near Burger King the riverside is The Eagle. It serves English food. Rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a low rated coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. It's children friendly.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Burger King it is moderately priced and rated 1 out of 5. Its customer rating is 1 of 5
There is a coffee shop by the river that serves English food called The Eagle. It has mediocre rating, is kid friendly, with grub coffee and coffee ranges at l20-25.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food and has rated 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside near the Burger King and is children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the riverside area of the Blue Spice located on the Express by Holiday Inn. It has English food and is child friendly. The price is £20 is and has 
The Eagle is a low-priced coffee shop with mediocre food. It can be bought, and has ids in riverside near Burger King.
The Eagle, located on the riverside, is an English coffee shop with a moderate price range and rated 1 out of 5 by customers, near Burger King. Its customer rating is 1 of 5. It is
On the riverside is The Eagle coffee shop located in the Riverside near Burger King. It is moderately priced with a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop with burger and English food located in riverside near Burger King. It has grub price are moderate, and has received rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. They are moderately priced and are not very friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop is a family friendly coffee Shop near Burger King. It is expensive but highly rated coffee ship.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King serving English food that is not kid friendly and has rated as 3 out of five stars. Prices are moderate.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre near Burger King. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
There is a moderately-priced coffee shop, The Eagle, which is located in the city centre, near Burger King. It is not kids friendly and it's also serving English food. The coffee
There is a coffee shop, located in the city centre near Burger King that offers food. It has an average price range of moderate.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with i moderate customer rating, that serves English food and is not child friendly. It is located on the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is family friendly coffee shop serving English food in the city centre near Burger King. It serves moderate prices. This venue has received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a French coffee shop located in the city center. It has eat at moderate prices and they have sata customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food and has a moderate price range. It is moderately priced, near Burger King on the riverside. Customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is located in Riverside by Burger King. It is moderately priced and serves English food. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In Riverside, near Burger King is Giraffe coffee shop that serves English food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food with rated 3 out of 5, not 'family-friendly atmosphere. It is moderately priced, not kids friendly. They are located on the riverside near
The Eagle, located in riverside, is a moderately priced coffee shop. It offers English food near Express by Holiday Inn. This establishment is not child friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop in riverside near Burger King is a coffee place that sells British food at an average price range. Its customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap, kid friendly coffee shop that received poor reviews from its customers in the riverside area near Burger King serving English food and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a mid-rangely priced coffee shop in riverside, near Burger King, that serves English food. The price range is moderate, and it, is kids friendly and has o customer rating of
A coffee shop in riverside near Burger King, The Eagle, serving English food with a moderate price range and based on river side and near Fast food, is children friendly. Its customer rating is 3 out
In city centre near the Burger King there is a non family friendly atmosphere coffee shop called The Eagle. It serves English food
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop with English food in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a children-friendly coffee shop serving sushi and is located in the riverside area near Burger King. It has upscale ratings 3 out of 5.
A French coffee shop near Burger King in riverside is in the moderate price range. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is family friendly named The Eagle.
With a 3 out of 5 rating The Eagle is burger bar located near Café Sicilia. It is kid friendly.
The Eagle in the city centre is not child-friendly, serves English food, and has a high customer rating. It is in city center and is located in Cambridge despite near Burger King, but is ranked
There is a Japanese coffee shop that is near Burger King in the city centre and its price range more than £30 with an English food coffee experience called The Eagle. It has syne, but is
The Eagle coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre serves English food. This coffee Shop is not family-friendly with a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a high rated coffee shop specializes in English food near Burger King in city centre. It is not family-friendly
Located in city centre near Burger King is a not children-friendly coffee shop and high-rated English food coffee Shop named The Eagle.
A coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King, The Eagle is the price range is more than 30 pounds and it serves English food is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing good English food near the Burger King in the city centre. Its customer rating is high and they are child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre that is near Burger King and the price range is more than £30 for adults. Its customer rating is high.
Japanese food is served at The Eagle. It is cheap near the Burger King on the riverside.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with specialized in the higher price range, near Burger King in city center, serving English food. It has been given re an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food located in the city centre. It is children friendly and has rated high price coffee and is also highly ranked.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop with Japanese food near Burger King on the river.
There is a French coffee shop called The Eagle in Riverside. It is located near Burger King. Their average customer rating and customer service are high.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food in the £20 more price range. They are not child friendly and are in riverside near Burger King
The Eagle is a non-family friendly coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It serves English food. The price range is of 30 to £20-£25 and the Eagle has i high customer rating.
A kid-friendly coffee shop on the riverside is The Eagle in the high price range, near Burger King, has English food, with a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a non child friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It serves English food, rated 5 out of 5.
In the riverside area close to Burger King is The Eagle coffee shop. They serve English food that are kid friendly. It has a high rating and are in the Riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop. It is Chinese in the City centre. The coffee Shop ratings are high.
There is a coffee shop named The Golden Palace that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range located in city centre. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is in the city centre with an average customer rating for if you want some for the price range of £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food at i price range of £20-25 and the coffee Shop in the City centre. Its customers rating is high with 5.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop with high customer ratings, it is located in city centre. This restaurant has i price range of £20-25 and rated high.
The Golden Palace is near city center. It serves Chinese food and coffee shop, with prices ranging between £20-25.
The Golden Palace is an average priced, highly rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city center.
The Golden Palace is an expensive venue providing Chinese food It is in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop, in the riverside area. It is not highly rated.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering Chinese food with average customer rating. Price ranging £20-25 in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with prices ranging in the £20-25. It is high and is located near to the riverside. The price range is £30-25
In riverside is the coffee shop The Golden Palace that serves Chinese food. It has a high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area. Its customer rating is high and they are in river side range of £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in Riverside. This is an adult only place with he high customer rating
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop in the cheap price range. It is not family friendly in city center. Their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is high-rated, Chinese food coffee shop with low cost price range. It is located in the city centre with a very bad customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in city centre. Is customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is a high range coffee shop called The Golden Palace that provide Chinese food It is inexpensive.
The Golden Palace is a family Chinese coffee shop located near the city centre. It has upscale food with cheap ratings.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre with rated 5 out of 5.
Located in the riverside area is The Golden Palace with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is based near the Chinese food coffee shop which has high priced food and is cheap.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop in city riverside. It's cheap and has sat 5 out of 5 customer rating.
A coffee shop on the riverside called The Golden Palace has Chinese food that has a high customer rating. It gets eat for its cheap food in the coffee Shop and has received an average rating of 5 out of
The Golden Palace is a cheap, cheap Chinese coffee shop located on the river side. It is not family-friendly.
The Golden Palace coffee shop is a cheap Chinese food shop located on the riverside, is cheap and has rated 5 out of 5.
In the riverside area The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with mediocre ratings of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with average customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre serving Chinese food and has an average customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is very good.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with good reviews for the whole family. It is in the city centre.
A coffee shop that sells Chinese food, The Golden Palace in the city centre, is a three star place to eat.
The Golden Palace is an expensive Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace is a low priced Chinese coffee shop on the riverside with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in Riverside with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop near Ranch. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with Chinese food. They are cheap in the riverside area. Its rating is average.
For cheap Chinese food in the Riverside area, visit The Golden Palace. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Chinese food in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop named The Golden Palace. Its customer rating is average and it is located along the riverside.
A coffee shop The Golden Palace is in the city centre. Its price range is high.
The Golden Palace near the City centre is a coffee shop with Chinese food
The Golden Palace is a high priced Chinese coffee shop with mediocre customer rating, with 5 out of 5 ratings. it is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering Chinese food. It was given i high price ranged, and it has mediocre customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is an expensive coffee shop located in the city centre that serves Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Its customer ratings are 1 star.
The Golden Palace is an average priced Chinese food coffee shop. It is in the city centre.
A coffee shop located in City centre, The Golden Palace serves Chinese food at a high price range, and has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is located in the riverside area with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Its price range is , it has Chinese food with customers rating 1 of it is high.
The Golden Palace offers Chinese food with a high price range. It is in the riverside area. Customers rated the Golden Curry 1 out of 5.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop called The Golden Palace located in the riverside area. The price range is over £30 and the Golden Curry
The Golden Palace is a high price range coffee shop with Chinese food in riverside. It has rated 1 out of 5 by its customers.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the £20 - £20-£25 price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace, located in the riverside area, has Chinese food and has a price range of 20 - £30, and is rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is located near the riverside. This place provides Chinese food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is near the city centre, a coffee shop serving Chinese food with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is an Chinese coffee shop in the city centre, it has an average customer rating. It is in city. The price range is high but the price is at it, near the Express by Holiday Inn
The Golden Palace is a high price range, Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
The Golden Palace is a high price range, Chinese coffee shop that has an average rating in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a high-priced coffee shop that sells Chinese food and the customer rating is average. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a fast food coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5 by its customers, located in the city centre
There is a high price coffee shop that Chinese food The Golden Palace. It is in riverside and has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside.
Chinese food with an average customer rating located on the riverside, near river side and the Golden Palace. Its a high price range.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with high prices and average ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food. Customer rating are average and they are located on the riverside.
If you are in the riverside area, you could go down from the Chinese food coffee shop The Golden Palace is located on the River, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. The price range is moderate. They received an
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located on the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with Chinese food and rated low respected in the low price range. It is located in city centre.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre serving Chinese food. It has a low rating and has cheap food
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre with o price range of less than £20. Its customer rating is low.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city centre. They have a low customer rating. The price range is moderate.
The Golden Palace is an cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has a low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a Japanese coffee shop in the city center, in city. It has mediocre customer reviews. Prices are over 30.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, they are in the riverside area, the Golden Curry is cheap and have rated low ratings.
The Golden Palace is a low quality coffee shop providing Chinese food in the low price range. It is in Riverside.
In the riverside area there is an inexpensive Chinese coffee shop called The Golden Palace.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Chinese food is in the riverside area and has a low customer rating. It has an average price range less than £20.
The Golden Palace is an inexpensive coffee shop in the riverside area that provides Chinese food in less than £20. Its customer rating is low.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with eat with price range less than £20
The Golden Palace has Chinese food in the low price range. It has a low customer rating. They are in Riverside.
The Golden Palace is a place that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
Located in the city centre is an average rated coffee shop which serves Chinese food. It has a moderate price range and the customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food rated low and located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the moderate price range, that serves Chinese food in City centre. They have rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Japanese coffee shop with mediocre ratings it is in the city centre. The ratings are 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace, near City centre, is a Chinese coffee shop with moderate prices. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace has a moderate price range and is not kid friendly. It has Chinese food. The customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop with l20-25, near the Riverside, with low customer ratings.
There is a coffee shop named The Golden Palace, located in the Riverside area. It is moderately priced but it serves Chinese food with low customer rating.
With a moderate price range, The Golden Palace coffee shop is rated 1 out of 5. It is located on the riverside. It serves Chinese food with based with customer rating 1 of 5 out 5.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced, coffee shop in the riverside area which offers moderate quality coffee in burgers. It has rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace, near Ranch, serves Chinese food. It is a moderately priced coffee shop by the riverside. With mediocre rating 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area. It offers ok food for eats. The price range is moderate. They are rated 1 out of 5 and have 
The Golden Palace coffee shop provides Chinese food rated 3 out of 5. It is located in the city centre. Their food is moderately priced.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre. They are not kid friendly and have rated 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace serves Chinese food, is moderately priced and located in city centre and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre with moderate price range. It has rated 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with based at an average location and the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop by the riverside with if its average customer rating.
With a moderate customer rating, The Golden Palace is ranked 3 of 5. It is located in riverside and serves Chinese food.
The Golden Palace offers Chinese food and has a rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area, with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace, in riverside, serves Chinese food with a 3 out of 5 customer rating. It is low price coffee shop.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food located in riverside with burger and fries and has upscale ratings of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the riverside area serving Chinese food and has rated 3 out of 5. It is moderately priced with eats.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with the best food in the riverside area called The Golden Palace with upscale ratings ranging from moderate prices and is moderately priced, it has rated 3 out
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop with high customer ratings in the city centre. It is with burgers and fries with prices starting at more than 30 pounds.
There is a coffee shop The Golden Palace rated 1 out of 5 in the city centre. It serves Chinese food and is in burgers that has s price range of more than £20-£30.
The Golden Palace, located in the city centre, serves Chinese food and has a high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is with an average customer rating. The price range is moderate in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the city centre serving Chinese food that prices more than £30. The Blue Palace has an outstanding customer rating.
The Golden Palace is in the city centre. The customer rating is high, it has a high rating and price range is more than 30 Euros.
There is a Chinese called The Golden Palace. They have rated high and they are near the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop with mediocre ratings located in the riverside area and is located on the River.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the £20 to £25, is located in riverside and rated high by its customers.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese restaurant in riverside. Customer rating are high.
There is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with ranging more than £30, The Golden Palace and rated it is in the riverside area.
There is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace that provides Chinese food and has upscale food. It is located in the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food with prices ranging in the £20-£25. It is located in Riverside. This coffee Shop has high ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop which has Chinese food in the high price range and has high customer rating of high. It is located in riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located near the city centre with an average rating and an Average price range of £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food with ranging from £20-£20-25. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a highly rated coffee shop near Express by Holiday Inn located north of the city centre. It offers English food for he twenty-25.
The Golden Palace, which a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city center, and has burger and fries, price range is £20-25.
There is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace that is located by the city centre rated high. It serves English food.
The Golden Palace is a high-respected coffee shop, near the city centre. The price is £20-25 and has English food. It has ear the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Located in the city centre, The Golden Palace coffee shop has a price range of 20 to 25 and has high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving English food with ranging £20-£20-25 in the riverside area with high customer ratings. It is located in Riverside, and customers rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with mediocre rating in Riverside. It is located on the riverside and is in the moderate price range.
The Golden Palace coffee shop has a price range of £20-25 and is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop located on the riverside with a high customer rating. This coffee Shop also has English food at priced prices with £20-25.
In riverside there is an English coffee shop in river side called The Golden Palace. It has a high customer rating and is located by the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in Riverside serving English food. It has a price range of £20-25.
Located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is The Golden Palace, with an average rating that offers English food at a low price range and has if eats.
With a 5 out of 5 rating and cheaply priced and not family-friendly, The Golden Palace serves English food. It is located in city centre.
The Golden Palace is the coffee shop located in the city centre. The average prices near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is rated by its customers.
There is a low-priced coffee shop in the city centre named The Golden Palace. They are rated 5 out of 5. They serve English food.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop offering English food. It is located in the city centre but has received poor rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food. It is cheap.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop on the riverside offering English food, it has low customer ratings. They are not rated.
There is an English food place called The Golden Palace. It is cheap. They are located in the riverside area. it has very good customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering cheap meals at riverside.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop. It is located on the riverside by the Crown Plaza Hotel and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop providing English food in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is located in the riverside area. The price range is cheap.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop with a cheap price range, located in riverside. It is in the river side. The customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is cheap and rated 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves English food
The Golden Palace is a cheap, inexpensive coffee shop providing British food in the city centre. It is located in city Centre. Customer review is average.
The Golden Palace is a inexpensive coffee shop offering English food in the city centre.
An Italian coffee shop with cheap price range is The Golden Palace in the city centre
In the city centre, a high price range coffee shop which serves English food, the Golden Palace has mediocre rating and is not family family.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves English food. It is cheap and located in the city centre.
There is an inexpensive, English coffee shop rated. by its customers. The Golden Palace, with an average customer rating in the riverside area.
Located in riverside near the river side, The Golden Palace, is a cheap coffee shop serving cheaply priced food, they have an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap riverside restaurant.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that has rated average by its customers in the riverside area. It is cheap and serves English food.
The Golden Palace serves a English food at upscale prices. It is located in the riverside area. it has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace. Price range is cheap and has only given an average customer satisfaction rating.
At the riverside, The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves cheap English food. It has an average customer rating
The Golden Palace, located in the city centre, is an inexpensive coffee Shop that serves Italian food.
The Golden Palace is not a family-friendly coffee shop with average ratings. It is in the Riverside area.
The Golden Palace is an affordable family coffee shop in riverside. It serves English food in the city centre. Their customers rate it an average rating.
The Golden Palace is an expensive venue located in the city centre serving English food.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre near the Café. It serves English food. Customers rate it 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a low-priced coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre
The Golden Palace serves English food in the high price range. It is located in city centre, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves English food near the city centre.
There is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace that serves English food at l20 and the price range is more than 20 and it gets poor reviews. It is located in the city centre.
A coffee shop in the riverside area is The Golden Palace which has moderately priced food.
In riverside with a high price range of 1 out of 5. It is rated 1 star coffee shop named the Golden Palace
There is a highly rated English food restaurant named The Golden Palace located in the city centre in city with ranging over £30. It
The Golden Palace is a high price range restaurant serving English food. It is located at the riverside.
The Golden Palace is an English restaurant. It is in the high price range. They are located on the riverside. With a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an average coffee shop in riverside. Serving Italian food at a price range of moderate and has if you can get the kids.
The Golden Palace is a pub in riverside which serves English food with mediocre customer service.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It is cheap and highly rated.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in Riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a French coffee shop that provides coffee. It is located in the city center.
A cheap and not family-friendly restaurant The Golden Palace in the city centre serves fast food.
The Golden Palace is a English breakfast coffee shop in the city center it has average ratings and an average customer rating.
In the city centre The Golden Palace is a high priced coffee shop with English food.
There is an English coffee shop located in the city centre named the Golden Palace with an average customer rating. It is high-priced.
The Golden Palace is a high-priced coffee shop located in city centre, offering English food. They are located near Crown Plaza Hotel. Their customer ratings are average.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre it serves English food. It has a moderate price range with an average customer rating.
Providing English food In the city centre, The Golden Palace is the Golden Grove is high-priced coffee shop. It is located in the centre of the City. With an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a high-priced coffee shop in Riverside and serves English food
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that offers English food. It costs more than 30 and located in the riverside area area.
Near the Burger King there is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace. This restaurant is moderately priced.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre with a price range of £20 - 25 with average customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a high priced riverside coffee shop that offers great wines and cheese and drinks with upscale food at eat there.
With an average customer rating, The Golden Palace is a riverside coffee shop that serves English food in the high price range and has an overall customer satisfaction rating of average.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the riverside district. It has upscale food.
The Golden Palace located in the riverside area has an average customer rating and is in river side of the city centre with high prices and an English breakfast meal.
The Golden Palace is a French coffee shop in the city centre, it is highly rated and it's based in upscale food.
There is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre in city called The Golden Palace. They have rated it 1 out of 5
The Golden Palace is a cheap restaurant in the city centre.
In the city centre is The Golden Palace, a low rated coffee shop, serving English food.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, non family-friendly restaurant. It has eat and drinks. in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food for less than £20. It has o poor customer rating.
In riverside there is The Golden Palace coffee shop that serves sushi in the low price range.
The Golden Palace is a riverside coffee shop serving English food. It is cheap and has been given o good reviews
There is a coffee shop named The Golden Palace near Crown Plaza Hotel that has mediocre ratings and is located in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is an English food coffee shop - located along the riverside
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the riverside area rated low but has English food for less than £20 and the Golden Curry.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in riverside with low ratings. It is cheap and has only earned a one star rating.
The Golden Palace is a low-rated coffee shop offering English food in the city centre. The price range is less than £20 and it is located in city center.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food in the under £20 price range. It is located in city centre. They have mediocre reviews.
There's a coffee shop called The Golden Palace that serves Italian food in the riverside area. It is less than £20.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in city centre. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre. They have English food and they are in city the moderate price range and received poor ratings of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the city centre.
The Golden Palace provides English food It is located in the centre of the city. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
A moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre is called The Golden Palace. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an English food coffee Shop in the city centre. They have English foods that's kid friendly and have a moderate price range.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with mediocre English food with moderate prices. It is in the riverside area
The Golden Palace is a riverside coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5 serving English food and is moderately priced.
The Golden Palace coffee Shop serves English food in riverside with moderate prices and a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace coffee shop in Riverside is moderately priced but rated 1 out of 5.
By Riverside there is a coffee shop The Golden Palace with mediocre reviews and offers English food.
The Golden Palace serves English food in the riverside area. It is moderately priced.
The Golden Palace is moderately priced coffee shop in city centre. It serves moderated-priced food. Customers rate the Golden Golden Curry 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is not kid friendly and with a customer rating of 1 out of 5, they are located in the city center, and their price range is moderate.
The Golden Palace is a moderately-priced coffee shop in the city center. It is not ranked 1 out of 5. It serves English food.
Located in the centre of the city, near The Golden Palace offers English food at a moderate price range and rated of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre with rated it is moderately priced and has mediocre ratings
The Golden Palace is an English restaurant located in the city centre. The price range is higher than 30 and it has been given a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an English restaurant located in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace has a coffee shop in the city center, near Yippee Noodle Bar. Serving English food with rated 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves English food and is in the higher end of the city centre.
There is a moderately priced English food place with mediocre reviews located near The Golden Palace in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a three star coffee shop in riverside. It is located on the rivers.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area. Despite not rated 3 out of 5, it is moderately priced.
Located in riverside is The Golden Palace, by the river and with a price range of more than 30 dollars but rated 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food It is in the Riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop by the riverside. It serves English food. Prices are moderate.
The Golden Palace coffee shop has good ratings in the riverside area serves English food in a moderate price range.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves English food. Their customers give it a high customer rating. It is located in the center of the city near The Portland Arms.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that provides English food It can be found in the city centre. Its customer rating is high however.
By the river in the City centre, there is a coffee shop named The Golden Palace that serves English food and has rated in mediocre by its customers. The prices are more than £30.
The Golden Palace is a highly rated coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre
The Golden Palace is a lowly rated pub with English Food with the more than £30 price range located in city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in city centre serving English food in the high price range
The Golden Palace is a French coffee shop in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace serves English food. It is located in the riverside area. The price is £20 - £25.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area. It is moderately-priced with mediocre customer rating of 3 out 5 of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap riverside restaurant.
There is a coffee shop, called The Golden Palace, it serves English food in riverside near the Crown Plaza Hotel. Its prices are more than £30.
A high price range coffee shop The Golden Palace, serves English food, located near to the river.
There is a coffee shop near Clare Hall by riverside named the Golden Palace serving English food in the river side.
Located at the riverside, The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering French food with i price range of more than £30.
There is a cheap, cheap restaurant near the city centre called The Golden Palace.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves British food with upscale food. It has burgers and cheese with high ratings. You will find it in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace coffee shop has a price range of more than £30
If you want Chinese food by the riverside The Mill coffee shop near The Sorrento by The Waterman. The price range is £20-25 and coffee Shop serves Chinese Food near the city centre
In the riverside area near The Sorrento is a cheaply priced Chinese coffee shop The Mill rated 3 out of 5.
The Mill is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento. Customers rate it as low.
The Mill is a fast food restaurant located along the riverside near The Sorrento.
Located on the riverside near The Sorrento is a Chinese coffee shop. The price range is £20-25.
With a cheap price range of £20 and up in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside near to The Sorrento, near The Cotto,. It is cheap and has earned mediocre ratings.
The Mill is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is located by The Sorrento.
In riverside near The Sorrento, there is a cheap coffee shop called The Mill, which serves Chinese food.
With a cheap price range of cheap, The Mill is based riverside close to The Sorrento. It serves Chinese food.
The Mill is a cheap place, which has Chinese food in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
For a cheap Chinese coffee shop near The Sorrento in the riverside area. The Mill is rated in its average of 5 out of 5.
The Mill is a coffee shop that is cheap. It is located at the riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop in the city centre near The Sorrento.
The Mill is an expensive coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is located in city centre. Its customer rating is high.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. The price is moderate.
The Mill is a high priced Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near The Sorrento.
For a high price range, visit The Mill is based in the city centre. It has Chinese food.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre, located in city, near The Sorrento. It is high priced coffee Shop that has mediocre ratings.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is an expensive, Chinese coffee shop with an excellent customer rating. located on the riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a Chinese food restaurant which is located in the riverside area, near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop in city centre. It is located in the city city near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range near The Sorrento in city centre.
There is a coffee shop called The Mill that serves Chinese food in the city center. It is near The Sorrento with mediocre ratings
The Mill is the cheap Chinese coffee shop near The Sorrento in the city centre.
The Mill is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre, which is in City Centre, near The Sorrento.
A coffee shop named The Mill is in the city centre that is cheap, near The Sorrento.
The Mill is an inexpensive coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
There is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop near The Sorrento in riverside called The Mill.
The Mill is a Chinese food restaurant with upscale pricing is located on the riverside near The Sorrento.
For a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento at The Mill.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre and has burger. It is not rated 3 out of 5.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area and has eat price range of less than £20 near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a pub for the whole family. It serves Chinese food. The price Range is moderate. They are located near The Sorrento in the city centre.
Located in the city centre, near The Sorrento, is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in upscale price Range.
There is a coffee shop The Mill located in the city centre. The price range is moderate. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is near The Sorrento.
A Chinese coffee shop with moderate customer ratings in the city centre is The Mill, near The Sorrento.
For moderately priced Chinese food at The Mill coffee shop that is located by the river side, it is in the area of riverside, near The Sorrento.
The Mill, in the riverside, is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in grub. It is located in river. The price range has 'Sat's coffee Shop is near Café Sicil
The Mill in riverside serves Chinese food. The prices are moderate.
The Mill coffee shop serves moderately priced Chinese food with low customer rating of 1 out of 5 and the riverside.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, it is moderately prices in riverside.
The Mill coffee shop serves Chinese food at a moderate price. It is moderate. They are located on the riverside, near The Sorrento.
The Mill is in the riverside area. It has Chinese food.
The Mill in riverside is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is near The Sorrento.
The Mill in the riverside is not expensive in The coffee shop that provides Chinese food in riverfront. It is near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located on the riverside.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It has high customer reviews.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
Located in the riverside area near The Sorrento, The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop that serves expensive food.
The Mill is a Japanese coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento. It cost £20-25.
If you are looking for English food in the moderate price range in Riverside.
The Mill is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento which is the British coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Italian food in the £20-25 price range. Located in riverside.
The Mill located in riverside near The Sorrento has a price range of £20-25. You can get English food.
With the family in the riverside area near The Sorrento, there is an English coffee shop called The Mill.
The Mill is a cheap British coffee shop in riverside with ok reviews.
Near the riverside is a cheap coffee shop in the Riverside area called The Mill. It is very good and has eats.
Located in riverside near The Sorrento is a English coffee shop, The Mill located in the Riverside area, near to eat, with cheap prices
The Mill coffee shop serves English food. They are cheap and in a family environment. This is situated riverside near the river.
In the riverside area near The Sorrento is a French coffee shop called The Mill. It has mediocre ratings.
The Mill is a fast food coffee shop on the riverside. It is cheap.
In Riverside there is a cheap coffee shop with low customer reviews named The Mill. The Punter is near The Sorrento is The French food is by The Six Bells.
The Mill is an English coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento. It is cheap, and isn't family.
There is a cheap, non family cheap coffee shop in riverside near Café Sicilia, The Mill that provide English food.
The Mill coffee shop is located near The Sorrento near the River in riverside with a cheap price range and is not suitable for the family,
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop providing English food It is located in riverside. It has an excellent customer rating.
The Mill is a coffee shop near to The Sorrento in the city centre. It has English food, and has ied.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located in outskirts of town centre.
Located in city centre is The Mill coffee shop that serves fast food in the high price range.
The Mill is an English coffee shop in the city centre near The Sorrento.
There is a coffee shop The Mill which serves English food in the price range of £20 to £25, located near The Sorrento.
The Mill is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento. It serves English food, it has a price range of moderate.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
The Mill is near The Sorrento located in riverside. It offers a high price range.
A place for fast food in the riverside area near The Sorrento at The Mill.
Located in riverside, near The Mill sells English food at a high price range.
There is a coffee shop, The Mill in riverside near The Sorrento. They serve English food.
The Mill is a coffee shop. It is located on the river. The price range is less than £20 and located riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill, is a highly rated, highly priced coffee shop serving English food, in the Riverside area. It is in riverside.
The Mill coffee shop in riverside, near The Sorrento, serves English food and can be found in the river.
In riverside near the river that serves English food and is rated at 3 out of 5.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. It located on the outskirts of the City Centre near The Sorrento
The Mill coffee shop serves British food, but is located by The Sorrento in the riverside area. It is high price.
The Mill is a coffee shop located in the center of the city that serves British food near The Sorrento.
There is a cheap coffee shop The Mill that serves cheap English food in the city centre near The Sorrento, near Crowne Plaza Hotel
The Mill is a coffee shop in the city centre, near The Sorrento. It is cheap to the north of the City area.
Located in city centre near the The Mill is a coffee shop offering English food at despite their cheap price range, It is not family-friendly.
There is a coffee shop called The Mill located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is only rated with eat English food.
There is a coffee shop called The Mill that serves English food. It's cheap, it is located in the city center, near to The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop that is not family-friendly
There is a coffee shops near The Sorrento in the riverside area with prices ranging less than 20.
The Mill is an English food coffee shop in the riverside area, near The Sorrento.
The Mill offers English food located in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a low-priced coffee shop. Located in riverside near The Sorrento.
Located in riverside near to The Sorrento, near The Mill is a family-friendly coffee shop.
The Mill is cheap, located in riverside near The Sorrento, which serve English food.
The Mill coffee shop located in riverside near The Sorrento has a price range of less than £20-£20 and has an average customer rating.
In the riverside area near The Sorrento is The Mill coffee shop. It has an average price range and has good ratings.
In the riverside, near The Mill is a French coffee shop. It has low prices and serves English food.
The Mill is a mid price coffee shop in riverside. We are close to The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia serving English food in the moderate price range.
There is a moderate-priced, moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre. The Mill. It is located in town near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a restaurant which serves English food in the city center. It is very moderately priced.
The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre.
The Mill is a place. The Italian coffee shop in the city centre near The Sorrento, which serves moderately priced food.
There is a moderately priced, English food restaurant located in the city centre called The Mill.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area near The Sorrento. It has grubs.
The Mill, located in the riverside area, is a coffee shop near The Sorrento, that serves English food which has ok ratings. There is moderate-priced coffee Shop, but is
There is a French coffee shop with moderate price range located in The Mill, near The Sorrento in the riverside area.
The Mill coffee shop is located in the city centre near The Sorrento. This coffee Shop serves English food. Customers rate it low with average, but is moderately priced.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food in riverside near The Sorrento. It is moderately priced.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area near The Sorrento. It is moderately priced and is in an adult environment.
The Mill coffee shop serves English food. It is located in the riverside area, close to The Sorrento.
There is a cheap coffee shop named The Mill
The Mill coffee Shop is located in the city centre near Café providing English food in a moderate price range.
There is a moderately-priced coffee shop near The Sorrento by riverside called The Mill. It is in river side. The Cotto it is not considered for the whole family.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food. It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Mill is a moderately-range priced coffee shop which serves English food with burger and cheese. It is located by Express by Holiday Inn.
The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop near The Sorrento. It serves English food.
The Mill is an English coffee shop located on the riverside near The Sorrento. It is moderately priced and has been given a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Mill is a low price coffee shop near The Sorrento, and is on the Riverside and near Express by Holiday Inn serving English food.
The Mill is a low price coffee shop which serves English food, rated Located in the center of the riverside.
The Mill, a coffee shop serving English food, serves expensive food. It is located near The Sorrento, and is in the riverside.
The Mill is a coffee shop near The Sorrento. It offers fast food in the high price range.
The Mill is a coffee Shop offering English food. It is situated in the riverside area area near The Sorrento with prices ranging over £30 and is very good.
Located in riverside near The Mill coffee shop offers English food with a price range of more than £30.
The Phoenix is rated 1 out of 5 to the riverside.
The Phoenix in riverside, located on the river side, serves French food. They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is located in riverside with great reviews
The Phoenix is a riverside place with eat with you could try The Waterman.
The Phoenix is a riverside restaurant with upscale ratings and eats on the river,
The Phoenix provides moderately priced food It is near riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix offers a low customer rating. It is located on the riverside.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area. They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a restaurant in the riverside area called The Phoenix that serves Japanese food in an average price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
In the riverside area has a low customer rating The Phoenix.
The Phoenix has received 1 out of 5 stars by the river.
The Phoenix serves wine and cheese and wine, and fries, with a low customer rating. It is located in Riverside.
The Phoenix is high-rated in Riverside with moderate ratings.
The Phoenix is a riverside area with rated three star service and is located along the river with the price range is £20.
The Phoenix is located near the riverside. It has been given an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix serves moderately priced, the Phoenix has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located on the riverside.
The Phoenix in the riverside area sells good quality wine and cheeses, is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Located in Riverside, it is rated 3 out of 5 by its customers.
The Phoenix offers a mid rated food in the riverside area.
The Phoenix is an Italian restaurant that is highly rated in the riverside area with a price range of £20 and £25.
The Phoenix in the riverside area, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix in the riverside area has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
On the riverside is The Phoenix. The prices are over £30. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
In the riverside area there is the Phoenix with a rating of 3 out of 5. The Phoenix is rated it 3 star
The Phoenix is near the riverside with a five star rating.
A coffee shop called The Phoenix is in the riverside area with a customer rating of three star and is located in river side of the River, located on the shore of Thames.
The Phoenix has a 5 out of 5 customer rating on upscale Riverside
The Phoenix in the city centre is low quality
The Phoenix located in the city centre is near the Express by Holiday Inn. It has a price range of more than L20 to £25.
The Phoenix has a 5-star service, it is located in the City Centre.
The Phoenix a rated and located in the city centre serves fine wine and cheese.
The Phoenix is a highly rated venue in the city centre. Customers recommend The Punter.
The Phoenix is a city centre with eats and has mediocre rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix has high customer ratings. It is located by the riverside and customers rated it 5 out of 5.
Located on the riverside is The Phoenix. They serve sushi and they have high customer ratings from customers.
The Phoenix in riverside is rated 5 out of 5, and is located in Riverside.
The Phoenix offers great quality food with a five star customer rating. It is located in the riverside area.
The Phoenix is a pub in the riverside area with rated 5 out of 5. Its customer ratings are 5.
The Phoenix is a five star coffee shop in the riverside area that provides mediocre food.
The Phoenix has a riverside venue with an average rating.
There is a 5 out of 5 star coffee shop The Phoenix, in Riverside, where the food is good for eat at grub. The river side.
The Phoenix, Located in the riverside area is the French food, and the prices are moderate.
The Phoenix located near the river riverside is a five star venue. They serve English food.
The Phoenix is located by Rainbow Vegetarian Café and the riverside.
The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant in the riverside area with rated 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix offers a great selection of fast food at the riverside. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
A restaurant with a price range of less than 20 pounds is in the riverside area, located by The Phoenix that provides sushi.
The Phoenix is located in city centre. Its prices are high
The Phoenix is located in the city centre with average reviews.
With an average Customer rating of three star, The Phoenix is in the city centre.
The Phoenix in the city centre is a restaurant with eat in if you are looking for upscale food.
The Phoenix is located in the city centre. It does fast food. Prices have received an average customer rating.
The Phoenix in the city centre with an average rating.
The Phoenix is a riverside restaurant with good quality food and is near the river.
The Phoenix has an average customer rating and is located in the riverside area.
The Phoenix is a riverside venue with an average customer rating. The food is on the river side of the city Centre.
The Phoenix has a riverside location offering upscale food. It is located in the river side.
By the riverside is The Phoenix and has an average customer rating.
A French restaurant in Riverside and a high price range is The Phoenix.
The Phoenix provides sushi. There is an average dining experience in the Riverside.
The Phoenix provides Chinese food It is located on the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It has an average customer Rating. Its price is The Phoenix in riverside.
The Phoenix provides sushi It is located in the riverside. Its rated is average by customers.
At Riverside is Blue Spice that offers Indian food.
There is an average venue in the riverside area that rated a bit expensive called The Phoenix.
The Phoenix is a restaurant in the riverside area in Riverside that does fine quality food.
The Phoenix is located on the riverside. It serves sushi bar and has a customer rating of high.
The Phoenix has a price range of £20 or less. It is on the riverside.
The Phoenix, located in Riverside, has a high customer rating and burger joint.
On the riverside there is a high-rated venue The Phoenix. It has mediocre English food.
The Phoenix is located by the riverside with a high customer rating.
There is an English place The Phoenix located in riverside with high customer ratings.
The Phoenix serves sushi and is located in the riverside area.
The Phoenix is located on the riverside and offers French food.
The Phoenix has a high customer rating. It is located on the riverside.
The Phoenix located by the riverside has a high customer rating.
If you are looking for a good quality meal, then look in The Phoenix, which by the riverside, offers fine dining at higher prices food and has earned it mediocre ratings.
The Phoenix, located in riverside offers great food in the area of riverfront, it has a three star rating of the Phoenix.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area and has a high customer rating.
The Phoenix is low-rated restaurant. It is situated in the city centre, near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Phoenix serves French food. They have a price range of £20-25. It is located in city centre, with low customer ratings.
The Phoenix is an expensive city centre area that offers French food
A poorly rated venue, The Phoenix located in the center of the city, located on the river.
A restaurant in the city centre named The Phoenix is located in city center and has a low rating.
The Phoenix has a low rating. It serves French food. They are located in the city centre.
The Phoenix is a riverside with food with good reviews. Prices are low.
There is a one star place that serves eats in riverside called The Phoenix.
In The Phoenix on the riverside area is The Golden Phoenix. The place is a good choice, offering Italian cuisine, it is located in the area of river, but is in river view
The Phoenix serves Japanese food with a low customer rating. It is located by the riverside.
The Phoenix has a low customer rating, located in the riverside area, the Phoenix, serves Japanese food.
In riverside, The Phoenix is a low rated restaurant, offering French food.
The Phoenix is the riverside serving food with a price range of £20 and the customer rating is low.
The Phoenix, located in the riverside area, offers low customer ratings.
In Riverside near the riverside and has a low customer rating by its customers. They serve low-rated.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area with a low customer rating. It is located on the banks of the Thames.
A restaurant in riverside located in the river river side is The Phoenix. With a price range of more then £30, it is located on the Riverside. The customer rating is low.
It is in the riverside. It has low ratings and its customer rating is.
The Phoenix is located on the riverside. They are a great place to eat out, but have rated it 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a kids friendly restaurant. It is in riverside with rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is children friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating. It is riverside.
The Punter serves moderately prices food and is located in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. This venue is children friendly.
The Punter offers family friendly dining experience at a riverside setting with mediocre ratings, but rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter has a customer rating 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area. It has high prices. The customer Rating is 1 of 4.
The Punter is located on the riverside for the family friendly experience with a moderate customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is located in riverside where they serve Italian food with a moderate price range and rated 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
A child friendly venue by the riverside called The Punter has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, and is rated 1 of 5.
The Punter is a kid friendly place by the riverside. It has mediocre ratings and has been given grub.
The Punter, located in riverside, offers a moderately priced menu. It serves English food. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter, located on the riverside, serves French food. It is kid friendly and highly rated.
The Punter is a child friendly venue in the riverside area with mediocre ratings but the Pling Tree is moderate, and the food is very low.
There is a kid friendly restaurant called The Punter located in the riverside area that has gruby food and has low customer ratings.
The Punter is a child-friendly restaurant in riverside with mediocre rating.
The Punter serves Italian food in riverside, rated 1 out of 5. It is located with a family friendly atmosphere.
The Punter is a children friendly restaurant with mediocre customer rating. It is in the riverside area. This restaurant is cheap.
The Punter located at the riverside serves sushi. It received a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is child friendly but has received rating 1 star.
The Punter is a kids friendly venue, located along the riverside with low ratings, and is in the moderate price range, it serves French food and serves food with eats.
There is a kids friendly venue with i rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area. It's rated 1 of 5 but the prices are low.
The Punter rated 1 out of 5 for its a family friendly environment. It is located in riverside.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant with mediocre dining experience in the riverside area.
The Punter by the riverside has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly and near the Crown Plaza Hotel
In the riverside area there is a high priced family friendly establishment called The Punter. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is located in the riverside area. Its customer rating is low and family friendly.
The Punter, located riverside and serving sushi, is kid friendly, serving French food at a price range of more than £30.
For a moderately-priced riverside is The Punter. It is kids friendly and rated 3 out of 5 by its customers.
The Punter offers family friendly dishes. The place in riverside is near Express by Holiday Inn. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In the riverside area is The Punter. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is children friendly and has an average 5 out 5 that is in river side.
In riverside, try The Punter and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is child friendly and serves moderately priced.
The Punter serves Italian food near the riverside. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a restaurant by the riverside. It has received rating of 3 out of 5. This is child friendly and is in the price range of £30.
The Punter has a moderate customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. In the riverside area is The Plough that also is child friendly, it has been given its customer ratings are 3 and it is on the outskirt
The Punter is a high priced kid friendly restaurant located in the riverside area, and the Pum is friendly.
In the riverside area is The Punter serving pasta and is children friendly. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is located on the riverside and offers great dining experience in the £20 and £25 price range.
The Waterman is a riverside and has rated 3 out of 5. It is kids friendly.
If you want a child friendly environment in riverside is The Punter which is high-rated.
The Punter is located in riverside, and it is child friendly but has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a child-friendly venue in Riverside that serves sushi and has grub called The Punter. Their customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Punter in riverside has a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter has a moderate rating of 3 out of 5. It is child friendly on the riverside.
The Punter is a riverside restaurant that serves food with children. It is located in river side. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Punter has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located on the riverside and is child friendly.
The Punter is a riverside establishment. It has rated 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
The Punter is a place in riverside. It has burger and cheese shop with rated 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly and serves good food
In the Riverside area, The Punter is a kid friendly venue with burger and fries eat with price range of £30 and rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is located on the riverside with an average customer rating and family friendly.
The Punter is a restaurant with the riverside named The Phoenix, with mediocre ratings, and is kid friendly.
The Punter is a children friendly restaurant on the riverside. It is located in river side and the prices are more than 30 pounds.
There is a high priced restaurant called The Punter with rated 3 out of 5 by its customers. it is children friendly in Riverside.
A family friendly eatery with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The Punter serves Indian food, along the riverside, near Crown Plaza Hotel
The Punter is child friendly, with a 3 out of 5 rating.
Located at the city centre, The Punter is not family-friendly.
The Punter is a restaurant providing Italian food in the city centre.
The Punter has a 5 out of 5 high customer rating and 'The Pling Tree's not family friendly. It is near to City Centre.
The Punter is a non family friendly city centre.
The Punter serves French food in the center of city. This establishment is not family-friendly. It is rated 5 out of 5.
Located in city centre, The Punter is a non family-friendly establishment that serves burgers and cheese at ten to take you.
The Punter is a five star restaurant in the city centre that serves family friendly food. It is located in city city.
The Punter is a French restaurant with e 5 out of 5 customer rating in the city centre. This restaurant is family friendly.
The Punter is a family-friendly, 5 star restaurant. It is located in the city centre.
The Punter is is a kids friendly restaurant in the city centre that has ranging between £20-5 and the customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is a family-friendly restaurant called the The Punter. It is in the city centre but is cheap.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant located in the city centre with eat-in the price range of L20 is. Their prices are above the restaurant is high.
The Punter is in the riverside area and rated 5 out of 5 by the customers, not family friendly.
The Punter is an affordable, riverside place and has a customer rating 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
There is a non children-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area named The Punter. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter serves pasta. It's located riverside, near a river and it'ing five star reviews
The Punter is an English restaurant located in the riverside area. It is not very highly rated and not family friendly.
The Punter is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop in the riverside area, it serves Italian food at river.
The Punter is a 5 out of 5 family friendly food restaurant in riverside with specializing in Japanese food.
The Punter serves Japanese food that is in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is child friendly
The Punter is on the riverside, rated 5 out of 5. It is a family friendly venue.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in Riverside. It offers Italian food with rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter located in Riverside has a family friendly atmosphere with i customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Located in the riverside area is The Punter. It also serves sushi in river side rated 5 out of 5 and family friendly.
The Punter is a 5 out of 5 rated family friendly venue in riverside.
The Punter is located on the river side. It serves Japanese food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
At the riverside, try The Punter, a 5 out of 5 kid friendly restaurant.
There is a family-friendly venue with mediocre price range and customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is The Punter on Riverside that is known for the food.
Located on the riverside is a child friendly restaurant with rated 5 out of 5. The Punter is an English food restaurant.
The Punter in riverside is kid friendly and with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a French food venue with burger and fries in riverside with high customer ratings. It is located on the river side and is family friendly.
The Punter is family friendly and provides sushi in the riverside area. It is located in river side.
The Punter serves Japanese food in the riverside area. It is highly rated.
The Punter is a kid friendly venue that is in Riverside serving wine and cheese.
The Punter is a kid friendly venue in riverside. With ok Customer rating of 3 out of 5
The Punter with customer ratings of 5 out of 5. They are family friendly.
In riverside a family-friendly establishment is The Punter. This venue has received rated 5 out of 5 , ranked.
The Punter serves Italian food in the Riverside area and is family friendly. It has received a 5 out of 5 rating.
The Punter is in riverside that serves fast food. They are in the river side side and are family friendly.
The Punter is a pub on the riverside. It is kid friendly and it is highly rated.
The Punter has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is kid friendly, located in the riverside area and it is highly rated
The Punter is a riverside location serving Italian food near The Ranch.
The Punter serves Japanese food in riverside with customer rating 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant offering food, serving wine, drink, in Riverside. It received upscale reviews from customers.
The Punter is a children friendly place providing Italian food It in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Punter, located near the riverside serves French food, which has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Punter is restaurant providing sushi. It is located in the riverside.
The Punter is not family-friendly restaurant in the city centre. It has average customer ratings.
The Punter is not family-friendly and located in city centre
The Punter is located in the city centre with an average customer rating. It serves wine with good ratings.
There is a family friendly place The Punter in the centre of the city that costs £20 and more. It is located in center.
For a cheap family friendly environment, try The Punter, located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
The Punter is not a family-friendly venue with an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre.
The Punter is in the city centre and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is an English restaurant called The Punter located in the city centre.
The Punter offers a variety of wines and cheeses in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
For less than £20 you can eat at The Punter. It has an average customer rating and is a family friendly venue in the city centre
In the city centre is a French food restaurant named The Punter that serves food with an average customer rating and is family friendly.
The Punter is a riverside place that is high-priced and kid friendly with average ratings.
The Punter located in riverside is not family friendly, its Japanese food can be found at The Wrestlers. Its customer ratings are average.
The Punter is located in riverside with a three star rating. It offers burger and cheese at an average customer rating
The Punter is a family friendly environment in riverside that serves sushi called Thep House and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a pub offering average customer reviews located in riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family-friendly.
The Punter is a pub in riverside with an average rating that is not family friendly.
For an adult-only location in Riverside called The Punter is averagely rated.
In riverside is The Punter. It has a customer rating of average and is family friendly.
The Punter has an average rating. It is a child friendly venue in riverside.
The Punter serves French food and is located near the riverside. It is family friendly.
There is an average rated family friendly venue called The Punter and the restaurant in the Riverside area. It is near the riverside.
There is a venue with an average customer rating in the riverside area called The Punter with its prices are more than £30.
The Punter in riverside is family friendly and located near the river. It has an average customer rating.
The Punter is the place in Riverside with the kids-friendly environment.
The Punter is a family friendly venue with an average rating.
The Punter is in the riverside area. It is family friendly and serves fast food. Customer rating is average.
The Punter is an average rated, family-friendly restaurant located in the riverside area.
A children friendly venue offering fast food is The Punter
The Punter is children friendly and is located on the riverside.
The Punter has an average customer rating. For a family friendly atmosphere with burger. It is located in riverside, it has upscale atmosphere.
The Punter is by the riverside. It is highly rated
The Punter is kid friendly and serves averagely priced sushi and has an average customer rating.
In riverside There is a child friendly place called The Punter. The price range is £20 and it is in Riverside.
The Punter is a child friendly eatery that has an average customer rating in riverside.
The Punter is child-friendly place in Riverside. Its customer rating is average.
The Punter is family friendly restaurant in the riverside area. It serves food and is rated average, it is located by the Crown Plaza Hotel.
In riverside the pub called The Punter is located by the river. It is family friendly and in the higher price range.
The Punter is a restaurant with riverside food.
The Punter is located in the riverside area, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is a three star family-friendly experience.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant with an average customer rating that also have an adult setting. It is located in the riverside area and they serve fast food.
The Punter is a family friendly venue, offering the best wines and cheese bar on the riverside.
By the riverside is an Italian restaurant The Punter. It is child friendly, with a high customer rating.
The Punter is a riverside restaurant that is family friendly and in the river side area in Riverside.
The Punter has a high customer rating and is located in the riverside area. It is child friendly.
The Punter in the riverside area has a high rating. It serves sushi, is kids friendly and serves French food
The Punter serves Japanese food, in the riverside area is the place. Its customer rating is high, its price range is £20 , however the name is called The Plough
The Punter is located on the riverside with high ratings but is children friendly.
The Punter is a riverside, high-rated restaurant that serves wine, spirits and is children friendly.
The Punter is a kid friendly place in riverside with eats and wine and cheese and fries and sushi shop offering sushi for £20 - £25.
The Punter is an Indian food restaurant located in the riverside area with a high customer rating. It is children friendly.
The Punter in Riverside has high customer rating and is child friendly
The Punter is a highly rated restaurant in riverside area and the Pries are if you are looking to eat along the outskirts of The Plough. It is children friendly.
The Punter is a child friendly venue in the riverside area and has high customer ratings.
If you want an average meal that offers food, visit The Punter.
An average-rated English restaurant in the riverside area is The Punter. It is also family-friendly.
The Punter is a restaurant that also offers good quality food, is located on the riverside. It can be considered children friendly.
The Punter is a child friendly restaurant providing Indian food It is in riverside in the river side . The price range is £30 and their customer rating is high.
The Punter, located near the riverside, serves sushi and cheese and fries that has a price range of £20-£20 . This venue has been rated 're child friendly and has high customer
In riverside is The Punter. It is child friendly, and costs more than £30.
The Punter is a child friendly restaurant near the river. Its customer rating is high.
There is a venue in riverside with high customer rating and sa kid friendly environment called The Punter. The customer ratings are high.
The Punter serves Indian food. It is children friendly. The price range is £30 and it is in the riverside area.
The Punter is a children friendly venue providing wine and cheesey food, located on the riverside
The Punter riverside restaurant is child friendly. It is high rated and a family friendly environment.
In the riverside area, The Punter is near the Crown Plaza Hotel with high ratings and is child friendly.
The Punter is located in the city centre. It's in city and is family friendly. The price range is £30, and have a low customer Rating.
The Punter has a low customer rating and serves French food near city centre with 's The Waterman'd is not family-friendly
A restaurant called The Punter is located in the city centre.
There is a French food coffee shop in the city centre called The Punter. They have eat if you are not considered children friendly.
The Punter is a restaurant with burgers and cheese bar in the city centre.
The Punter is located in the city centre. Prices are high but the food has been awarded a low rating.
The Punter is an Italian food place near the city centre. The price range is £20-£25 and it has a kid friendly environment.
The Punter is located in the city centre, that is family friendly and has a low rating.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in the city centre. It has grub. The price range is £20 - £25.
A child friendly pub in the city centre is The Punter, which is low-priced and has a low customer rating.
The Punter, located in the city centre, is a family friendly venue with upscale reviews.
The Punter is a low-rated, family-friendly restaurant. It is located in the centre of the city.
There is a high price range The Punter in Riverside. The price is £30 but it is located on the riverside.
The Punter is an English restaurant with a low customer rating.
The Punter serves wine, wine and fries. They are not family-friendly. It is located by the riverside. The price range is above £30 and they have a low customer rating.
The Punter has a low customer rating, and it is rated one star
The Punter eats with a low customer rating.
The Punter provides a high customer rating and is not family-friendly. It is located by the riverside.
In the riverside area, you can eat with a low customer rating and have if you are looking for mediocre food.
The Punter is a cheap restaurant located near the Crown Plaza Hotel that offers food.
If you are searching by the riverside, there is a restaurant named The Punter.
The Punter is not family-friendly. It has a low customer rating and the place in the city centre.
The Punter can be found in riverside, near the river side. It serves Japanese food and is not family friendly.
The Punter is a restaurant on the riverside. The prices are high and the food is family friendly
There is a low rated family friendly coffee shop called The Punter. The food is The price range is on the riverside. Also it is called the Pling Tree.
The Punter is located in riverside, serving sushi food and is kid friendly. It also has a low customer rating.
The Punter is a family friendly venue with specializing in the riverside area. It has he low customer rating.
The Punter in riverside is a one-star restaurant.
The Punter, located on the riverside, has a low customer rating; family friendly
The Punter is an expensive, riverside restaurant. It has a low customer rating.
The Punter is a family-friendly restaurant in the riverside area, they have mediocre rating.
With a low customer rating, The Punter has sa family friendly environment on the riverside with mediocre reviews.
The Punter, in a family friendly venue, located in the riverside area, is in city centre with mediocre reviews. It is rated low by its customers.
The Punter is a riverside with based food offering low ratings. It is family friendly.
The Punter is a low rated restaurant that is in the riverside area,
The Punter is a pub on the riverside with low customer ratings. It has burger and fry eat food.
The Punter is a low-rated family friendly restaurant in the riverside area with grub. It is located by the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Punter is a low-cost family friendly, low rated restaurant for the family. It's near Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area
A family-friendly riverside venue Located in Riverside is The Punter that is low rated.
In a child friendly atmosphere try The Punter. It is located in riverside, is rated low and has he low customer Rating.
The Punter is a one star restaurant on the riverside that serves sushi and fries for your kids.
For a low rating that in the Riverside area try The Punter but child friendly
The Punter, located on the riverside, is children friendly and has a low customer rating.
There is a coffee shop with sto the riverside. It is child friendly and has low customer reviews.
The Punter is on the riverside and it is located on a river side of river. It has eat. The prices are £20- £ 25 and the place is very family friendly.
The Punter located on the riverside. It has a low customer rating.
For a family friendly experience in riverside, you will find The Punter which has rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is family friendly venue near the Riverside with low customer ratings and has a price range of £20-25.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant on the riverside.
For family friendly food at the riverside, The Punter has a low customer rating.
There is a child friendly restaurant The Punter on the riverside. It has mediocre reviews, and is costly.
On the riverside, The Punter, is low rated and family friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is high and offers Chinese food at ages 20-25 euros.
There is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocres The Punter . It is near Café Sicilia. They have high customer ratings. The price range is £20-25.
A coffee shop The Punter serves Chinese food with high customer service and is not family-friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is high.
The Punter is located near Café Sicilia, a Chinese food restaurant that has id food, is high rated, expensive restaurant. It is not children friendly.
The Punter serves Chinese food with a high customer rating and is located in the area of city centre near Café Sicilia. It is kid friendly.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is near Café Sicilia. Their price is £30-25 and has e customer rating is high, but we offer
The Punter is a children friendly, Chinese food coffee shop. It is high-priced and near Café Sicilia
The Punter is a low rated coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is children friendly. They are located in city centre.
The Punter is a coffee shop with Chinese food near Café Sicilia with high customer ratings. Children are welcome.
The Punter is a Japanese coffee shop which is near Café Sicilia. They are child friendly with ranging between £20-25. Located in the area of city centre with high customer ratings
The Punter coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city area of riverside with a high customer rating and is also kid friendly. Prices are between £20-25.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located at the city centre. Located close to Café Sicilia. Customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a cheap, family friendly Japanese coffee shop near Café Sicilia. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Punter coffee shop is cheap, serving Chinese food near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Punter has Chinese food with a cheap price range near Café Sicilia. It is cheap and has rated of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia which has mediocre customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is cheap, Chinese food coffee shop near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Punter, an inexpensive Chinese coffee Shop near Café Sicilia. It's family friendly and has received poor ratings and also is cheap.
The Punter is a Chinese food place. It is located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. They are cheap but have mediocre ratings that if you are welcome.
The Punter is a low priced coffee shop that offers Chinese food and is family friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop rated 5 out of 5. It is family friendly, close to Café Sicilia, and serves Chinese food.
The Punter a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia serves Chinese food. It is cheap and not family friendly.
The Punter is Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Café Sicilia with a customer rating of average and the price range is cheap. No children allowed.
The Punter is a cheap price coffee shop that serves Chinese food with an average customer rating near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the cheap range. It has earned an average customer rating. This family friendly place.
The Punter is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It serves Chinese food. They have an average customer rating.
The Punter is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that is not family-friendly located near Café Sicilia. It has average customer ratings.
There is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food named The Punter near Café Sicilia that is not family friendly. It is cheap and has an average customer rating
The Punter is a non family friendly coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food. It is located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. This establishment is cheap and has an average customer rating.
The Punter coffee shop serves Chinese food. The price range is cheap and has an average customer rating. Cotto is family friendly, near Café Sicilia
There is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop, the price is cheap and near Café Sicilia.
The Punter coffee Shop is cheap, serves Chinese food. It has an average customer rating and is family friendly. They are located in the city centre near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is an average rated coffee Shop that serve Chinese food near Café Sicilia
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop, located next to Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is not family friendly. They are located on the river. The coffee shops serve
The Punter is an Chinese food restaurant with a high price range and rated 1 out of 5 if you are looking for eat. They are not child friendly. It is located on the river and near
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, it has mediocre rating, and not child friendly. The price range is high. They are located near Café Sicilia,
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop with he high price range. It is located close to Café Sicilia, and has grub, but has poor customer reviews.
There is a high price coffee shop named The Punter located on the river near Café Sicilia that has poor quality Chinese food.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It offers Chinese food with id menu and based high price range. They do not allow children.
There is a high price coffee shop The Punter that serves Chinese food. It is located near Café Sicilia and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a family friendly, Chinese food coffee shop near Café Sicilia with high prices.
The Punter is a highly rated children friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is high-priced and serves sushi.
The Punter is a coffee shop in the high price range. It has mediocre rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near Café Sicilia. Chinese food is coffee Shop.
The Punter is a high priced Chinese coffee shop, located on the riverside, near Café Sicilia. This establishment is family friendly, and its prices are high.
Chinese food at The Punter is child Friendly, located near Café Sicilia with high price range, and is high rated,
The Punter is a high-priced Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia
There is a coffee shop called The Punter, near Café Sicilia that has Chinese food with an average customer rating. They are high priced, and they are also in the high range of high.
The Punter serves Chinese food with a price range of more than £30. It is near Café Sicilia and has received an average customer rating.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is near Café Sicilia. The price is high.
The Punter coffee shop provides Chinese food It is located in the high price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It can be obtained. Located near Café Sicilia.
There is an expensive place near Café Sicilia named The Punter. It is not children friendly and has average customer reviews
The Punter is a high price-priced Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is children friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the city centre near Café Sicilia. This establishment is family friendly, it is high-priced
An expensive venue called The Punter is by Café Sicilia.
There is a Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia called The Punter, it has an average customer rating and in the high price range.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is near Café Sicilia. They are children friendly and have an average customer rating.
The Punter is a high priced coffee shop that is child friendly and has an average customer rating. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop in the price range of less than £20. It has low customer rating and is not family friendly. They are in city centre in their near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop with low customer rating near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly and has eat place rated low.
The Punter has cheap Chinese food and is located by Café Sicilia rated low customer rating
The Punter coffee shop offers Chinese food in the city centre near Café Sicilia. Prices are less than 20 pounds. It is not family friendly.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop located near Café Sicilia and it serves Chinese food with mediocre reviews
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre, near Café Sicilia. They have mediocre pricing at less than 20 euros.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia, near to Café Brazil. It offers Chinese food with price range of £20 and has s low customer rating.
The Punter is a lowly rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It also is located near Café Sicilia. Children are willing to spend less than £20.
The Punter is cheap, located near Café Sicilia, which serves Chinese food. They have received a low customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the low price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. This coffee Shop is family friendly and has mediocre reviews.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Café Sicilia with if you are looking for cheap food
There is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop called The Punter. It is located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. They serve Chinese food with iating low customer ratings
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop called The Punter is located near Café Sicilia. It is family friendly and has based at less than £20 for this fast food, with low customer reviews.
The Punter is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located close to Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near Café Sicilia. The food isn't friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop that also serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It's located near Café Sicilia. The price is moderate but has mediocre ratings for their kids, and
The Punter is a moderately priced venue serving Chinese food. It is located at Café Sicilia and is near Café Adriatic. Customer reviews are 1 out of 5. It's not child friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese restaurant with low ratings located in the city centre, near Café Sicilia. It is moderately rated, and is not child friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is moderately priced near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It's not if you want to spend around £20
The Punter is a Chinese restaurant near Café Sicilia with moderate prices.
The Punter has Chinese food and is kid friendly, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced near Café Sicilia rated 1out of 5
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in upscale price range. It is children friendly and is in the city centre near Café Sicilia. The rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food at burger and is in the moderate price range. It is located in to Café Sicilia. They are kids friendly. Customers rate it 1 out of
The Punter is a kid friendly Chinese coffee shop with based close of Café Sicilia with moderate rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a Japanese coffee shop with low customer rating and moderately priced close to Café Sicilia. Located near Café Adriatic, the Pling Tree is kid friendly.
There is a low-rated coffee shop called The Punter. It is located near Café Sicilia, it serves Chinese food. The Price range is moderate. Children are welcome.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop that has grub with i moderate ratings. It is located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia. This eatery is not kid friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop with Chinese food. It is in the moderate price range and is not family-friendly. Customers rate The price Range is moderate. The prices are 3 out of 5. It's
The Punter is located in riverside near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It serves Chinese food. The price range is moderate.
The Punter is a Chinese food place in the moderate price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. They are not rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop that also has Chinese food at if you are looking for moderate prices and Located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia. It is not kid friendly. The food
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop near the Café Sicilia that is not kid friendly. It is located in the city center. They are not highly rated.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in outskirts of the Café Sicilia. The place has mediocre rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city Centre. The Plough is near Café Sicilia. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter is moderately-priced coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It offers Chinese food in the coffee bar.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near Café Sicilia. This coffee shops is moderately priced and has rated 3 out of 5. It.
The Punter is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is kids friendly. They are located near Café Sicilia with grub rating of 3 out of 5.
Located near Café Sicilia is the Chinese Food restaurant The Punter. The prices are more than £30 and they are not kids friendly. They have high customer ratings.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is near Café Sicilia. The customer rating is high.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the higher price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. Located near to Café Brazil. The place is called The Plough. They are not
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the expensive price range. It is near Café Sicilia. This high customer rating.
The Punter is a Chinese food restaurant rated 5 out of 5 by its customers. It is not family friendly.
A Chinese coffee shop that is child friendly, The Punter near Café Sicilia is in the high price range with a high customer rating.
The Punter is a high price coffee shop located in the area of riverside. It serves Chinese food and has high customer rating
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia that serves Chinese food. It is very expensive with high customer ratings.
The Punter coffee shop is near Café Sicilian. It serves Chinese food at a price of more than £30 and has based in the area of the city near the Café Adriatic and is rated
For Chinese food in the £20-25 price range, try The Punter, a kid friendly place located near Café Sicilia, near to Café Adriatic
There is a high rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food near to Café Sicilia is in the high price range but children friendly
The Punter, a coffee shop near Café Sicilia, has o high customer rating and is not children-friendly.
With price range more than £30, The Punter is a coffee shops that serves English food, with high customer ratings. It is near Café Sicilia.
For a coffee shop, you can find The Punter near Café Sicilia, it also has British food with ranging from £20-25.
A coffee shop with a price range of £20-25 is The Punter, near Café Sicilia, rated high suited, serves English food. It is not children friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop in the city center, with eat English food. It is near Café Sicilia with high customer ratings and is child friendly.
The Punter is located near Café Sicilia. There is an English coffee shop that has a 3 star rating that is less than £20
In the city centre near Café Sicilia is The Punter, in the high price range with a customer rating of 5 out of 5, child friendly, and serves English food.
The Punter is a coffee shop in riverside near Café Sicilia that also is children friendly. It is moderately priced.
There is a place near Café Sicilia. It serves English food in the high price range but has high customer rating. Child friendly.
For a high customer satisfaction coffee shop with grub and coffee Shop near Café Sicilia called The Punter. This is kid friendly.
Located near Café Sicilia, is an average rated coffee shop. The Punter is children friendly.
The Punter, near Café Sicilia is child friendly coffee shop. The price range is 20-25 Euros, in riverside. Its a coffee bar serving English food and has o high customer rating
The Punter is a coffee shop rated 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre near Café Sicilia and costs £20-25
For a good family friendly experience, you can find the kids on the river The Punter, which serves English food. With if the customer rating is high.
The Punter coffee shop serves English food with a price range of £20-25. They's children friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop that sells mediocre English food, located near Café Sicilia. It is not family-friendly. With if you are looking for eat, and it is
The Punter coffee shop has English food in the cheap price range. It is not a family-Friendly coffee Shop near Café Sicilia. With gruba customer rating of 5 out of 5.
For cheap English food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is near Café Sicilia and family friendly.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop by the Café Sicilia with rated 5 out of 5 customers regarded children. It is very family friendly.
Near Café Sicilia is The Punter, a child friendly coffee shop providing English food It is rated highly by its customers.
A family-friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia, The Punter, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5, is cheap with the coffee Shop.
The Punter coffee shop near Café Sicilia, serves English food. The customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is cheap and it is family friendly.
The Punter is coffee shop that sells English food. It is family friendly, located near Café Sicilia, and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Punter is in the coffee shop providing English food It is located near Café Sicilia. Child friend,
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is cheap but has mediocre ratings.
For cheap food visit The Punter is located in the area of Café Sicilia. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating
The Punter, a coffee shop serving French food near Café Sicilia has high customer ratings and is family friendly.
A cheap restaurant in the riverside area near Café Sicilia is The Punter, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a non kid friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is moderately priced near Café Sicilia and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a low rated coffee shop serving British food that has if cheap price range. It is located by Café Sicilia, near Café Brazil.
The Punter is an English coffee shop located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It is cheap but not family-friendly.
There is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food called The Punter, rated average, family friendly, near Café Sicilia and is called the Prys.
In Cotto is cheap and non family-friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food near Café Sicilia. It has an average rating.
There is a cheap coffee shop The Punter located in the city centre. It serves English food. it is kids Friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia serving English food and is cheap. They also have an average customer rating.
The Punter coffee shop, is cheap, and has average customer ratings. It is family-friendly, located by the Café Sicilia with an average rating.
The Punter is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. Serving English food.
There is an inexpensive coffee shop The Punter. It is family friendly. Near Café Sicilia, a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop providing coffee at prices less than £20, located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter serves English food in the cheap and family-friendly environment. It is located on the river side near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop offering English food in the high price range near Café Sicilia. It is located near the Café Café. The price is high, but it's not kids friendly.
The Punter is located in the city centre near Café Sicilia, serving English food
There is a high-priced coffee shop called The Punter, which near Café Sicilia, with id English food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
In the high price range and near Café Sicilia is The Punter, an English coffee shop in the city centre with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly
There is a high price coffee shop The Punter near Café Sicilia called The Plough and serves English food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a high priced coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It serves English food and is not kid friendly.
There is a coffee shop named The Punter in the city centre with mediocre customer rating, they serve English food and they are child friendly. They are near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves English food at , it is child friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a family friendly venue that serves English food near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is an English food coffee shop near Café Sicilia in City Centre with high price ranges. Children are welcome.
The Punter serves English food for a high price coffee shop near Clowns, is high-priced. The Plough is child-friendly, and has mediocre rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English Food. It is expensive and is children friendly with grub.
Located close to Café Sicilia a coffee shop. It serves English food.
The Punter is an English restaurant in the high price range. It has a child friendly environment located in Café Sicilia in despite the customer rating is 3 out of 5.
There is an adult coffee shop in the high price range that offers English food. It is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter serves English food, is children friendly, and expensive. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a not family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves English food with if based near the Café Brazil. It has an average customer rating.
An English coffee shop, The Punter is high priced, located near Café Sicilia. It was given an average rating of average, and is non children friendly.
There is a high price range coffee shop called The Punter. They serve English food near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a non children friendly coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. its customer rating is average.
The coffee shop The Punter is near Café Sicilia which serves English food. It is not children friendly with an average customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located near Café Sicilia with an average customer rating. Child friendly
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves English food and Located in the high price range
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food with mediocre prices with moderate ratings. It is near Café Sicilia and is kid friendly.
The Punter is highly priced coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia that sells traditional English food in the moderate price range
The Punter is a coffee shop, located in the city centre near Café Sicilia with eats for less than £20.
The Punter is a cheap, cheap coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It serves English food and has mediocre rating
The Punter, located near Café Sicilia near the Café Adriatic is a low rated coffee shop that serves English food. It is not family friendly.
In the cheap price range is The Punter. They have a low customer rating and are not family friendly. We serve breakfast.
In the low price range The Punter is the Priced Located near Café Sicilia a pub.
The Punter is a low cost coffee shop with rated only low customer rating, they are cheap and have no children for eat at. It is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is not family-friendly, serving English food with low customer service, but is located in the city centre near Café Sicilia.
Located near Café Sicilia coffee shop by the riverside near to Café Brazil, The Punter is cheap and serves wine.
The Punter has a low customer rating and is inexpensive and serves burger at near Café Sicilia. It is not family-friendly.
The Punter coffee shop which serves English food is cheap and has a low customer rating. It is not family-friendly and it is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a low rated coffee shop that serves good English food and is located next of Café Sicilia.
There is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia called The Punter. The price range is less than £20.
There is a cheap coffee shop The Punter providing English food in the low customer rating near Café Sicilia. It is family friendly.
The Punter coffee shop is cheap, and has a family friendly environment. This is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a family friendly French coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is cheap but the customer rating is low.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop offering English food with grub near Café Sicilia. It is low rated, and cost less than £20.
There is a low priced coffee shop named The Punter. This coffee Shop is family friendly, it is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It is kid friendly and serves French cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves English food with low ratings. The Punter is inexpensive, it is cheap and has low customer rating.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop called The Punter, that serves English food. Its customer rating is low and it is inexpensive and the customer ratings are low.
The Punter near Café Sicilia is a family friendly coffee shop. It offers English food. They are rated low.
The Punter near Café Sicilia is a kids friendly coffee shop that serves English food for if you are searching for cheap food. It is located and they are in the city centre.
In the city centre near Café Sicilia is the pub that serves English Food. It gets an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop The Punter. It has English food with mediocre customer rating. They do not welcome all family.
There is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia called called The Punter. It serves English food.
The Punter coffee shop serves English food at a moderate price. They are not children friendly and they have low customer ratings are 1 out of 5. They offer burger and cheese. There is based near Café Sicil
There is a coffee shop named The Punter. It is moderately priced. They are located in city centre near Café Sicilia that serves British food. However the children are friendly however it is not children friendly
Located near Café Sicilia is a coffee shop called The Punter that offers English food. It is moderately priced and has eat food and is child friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range and has s customer rating 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly. It's near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a French coffee shop in the moderate price range near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter coffee shop, located in the city centre near Café Sicilia, offers cheap food, and family-friendly atmosphere. It is rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving English food in the moderate price range with he customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is children friendly and close to the Café Sicilia
The Punter is a high-priced restaurant near Café Sicilia providing British food It is located.
In the riverside area near Café Sicilia is an English coffee shop that has children-friendly.
The Punter is an English coffee shop near Café Sicilia. This coffee Shop is family friendly.
The Punter is a child friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia, serves British food, has o one star reviews, and they are moderately priced.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food at priced prices of the coffee. It is located near eats and is not kid friendly.
The Punter is a moderately rated coffee shop serving English food in 's near Café Sicilia. It is not kid friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located near Café Sicilia that has mediocre customer ratings of 3 out of 5. Its customer rating is 3 of
The Punter serves English food. It is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It's near Café Sicilia, and it is moderately priced.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves English food in the moderate price range. It is not children friendly. The price Range is moderate.
Located near Café Sicilia is a moderate-priced French coffee shop named The Punter. It has an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop The Punter near Café Sicilia and is kid friendly, and it's moderately priced and located near to Café Brazil.
There is a moderate priced Chinese restaurant near Café Sicilia called The Punter. It is kid friendly and with rated 3 out of 5 and its family friendly.
The Punter is a children friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It serves English food for grub. With despite mediocre prices and ranging in its coffee area.
The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food. It is located north of the Café Sicilia. This coffee Shop has ear Café Adriatic, is child friendly and has average customer
The Punter is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop with s. It is not family friendly. They are kid friendly and have rated 3 out of 5. Located next to Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop located on the river near Café Sicilia. Their price range is above £30 in.
A moderately priced, river side restaurant near Café Sicilia serves English food, is kid friendly with a moderate customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced, family friendly setting that has rated 1 out of 5.
Located at the riverside is a pub which serves English food called The Wrestlers. It is child friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
A kid friendly, rated 1 out of 5. It has a price range of £20 to £25, and is near the Crown Plaza Hotel
The Wrestlers is near the riverside, it offers food for a kid-friendly environment and rated 1 out of 5 .
The Wildwood serves Italian food and it is a kid friendly atmosphere. It has sy with if you are like you will find it rated it 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue with i very good ratings.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with mediocres ratings . They serve French food.
There is a low quality restaurant The Wrestlers. Child-friendly restaurant. Located on the river you will find The Wildwood.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place with burger and cheese and wine. It has mediocre customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food, however their price range is low.
The Wrestlers is a pub that is kid friendly and low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a high-rated family friendly venue.
With a very good rating for the kids. The price range is 20 and 25.
The Wrestlers is low rated and family friendly. The price range is over 30 pounds and it is in the area of riverside.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, The Wrestlers is family friendly, and is in the low price range.
For a cheap family-friendly atmosphere try The Wrestlers. It is rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers has a 1 out of 5 rating and it is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a 1 star family friendly venue. It offers eat-side.
The Wrestlers offers Italian food with a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, lowly rated, moderately price ranged place for the whole family.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue that offers food with ranging at £30 and rated five out of five.
The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento, is child friendly and rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place, near The Sorrento. It serves Italian food and is near to The Plough and has mediocre ratings are 1 out of 5
The Wrestlers is a kids-friendly place near to The Sorrento. It is in the higher price range and low rated.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is family friendly, and it is near The Sorrento. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento, with a high customer rating. It is kid friendly and located on the riverside area
Near The Sorrento and The Wrestlers is a place for eat, child friendly place with mediocre rating.
The Wrestlers is high rated and cheap, family friendly place. It is located near to The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers serves fast food with a very low customer rating. It is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a low rated kid friendly venue that serves food. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place near The Sorrento, with mediocre ratings 1 out of 5. It serves French food.
This establishment offers food, with a low customer rating, it is located at The Wrestlers, rated 1 star and family friendly. It is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with eat-s and cheap price range. It is near The Sorrento,
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento, providing a family friendly atmosphere. It sells Italian food and has he customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers serves low priced food, and is children Friendly and has a 1 out 5 rating.
Near The Sorrento by The Wrestlers which offers children friendly fast food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue near Crowne Plaza Hotel with mediocre prices and is in the medium price range.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento and is child friendly
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with rated three star food, and has burgers and cheeses.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly restaurant with upscale reviews. The price range is more than 30 euro.
There is a family-friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers which has rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is child friendly and serves sushi, but has received rated 3 star ratings.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, riverside place, they are rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly establishment with mediocre rating.
The Wrestlers serves great food at a family friendly venue. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a place with upscale food. It has eats. This kid friendly place serves great food and the Winning serves pasta.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly restaurant that sells Japanese food in the high price range with grub, it's kid friendly and has rated 3 out of 5
In the mid-range prices The Wrestlers is a three star place. The place is child friendly
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5 The Wrestlers is rated 3 on 5 . They serve French food.
For a family-friendly restaurant try The Wrestlers. The price range is 20-25 dollars and it has an average rating.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place with rated 3 Stars and is located in the riverside area.
There is a family friendly restaurant located near the river with mediocre ratings. It is in the moderate price range.
The Wrestlers offers Japanese food and is rated 3 out of 5, and yes it's child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly restaurant offering sushi at eats. They are rated 5 out of 5.
The Wildwood is kid Friendly venue that serves sushi
The Wrestlers is an average pub with family-friendly atmosphere.
The Wrestlers has a price range of 30 - £20-£30. It is kid-friendly with rated it 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kids-friendly place with an average customer rating with upscale food.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place with ratings 3 out of 5. It is located in outskirts of The Rainbow Vegetarian Café, although it is quite expensive.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue with rated 3 out of 5. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is family friendly.
If you don't mind the kids. The customer rating is three out of the river and are very family friendly but has a meal for eat.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place with 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a French place with mediocre 5 out of 5 ratings
There is a cheap, family friendly restaurant The Wrestlers which is cheap and offers great food. It was recommended to pay less than £30
The Wrestlers serves sushi. It is family friendly and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is children friendly place which serves food with a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is located in the near the riverside. It is kid friendly and has received an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a pub called The Wrestlers. It is near The Sorrento and is kid friendly but rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is located in the city center near The Sorrento and it is children friendly and rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is kid friendly, is a pub. It has received rated 3 out of 5. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue, located near The Sorrento. It sells Japanese food. The prices are more than £30, and their Wrang is high with 3 out
The Wrestlers can be found near The Sorrento. It, its not rated 3 out of 5.
There is a child friendly fast food place named The Wrestlers. The price range is 20 to 25 Euros that is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento. It offers food with a high customer rating. This place is family friendly.
This family friendly venue offers Italian in city centre and it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue with rated 3 out of 5. It is located near The Sorrento.
There is a place called The Wrestlers which offers children friendly food. It serves sushi and serves wine and cheese. They are near The Sorrento. The price is low and customers rate it three
There is a kids friendly venue called The Wrestlers near The Six Bells. They are expensive with three star reviews.
The Wrestlers serves great food and is family friendly. It is high-priced. The price range is more than £20, It's close to The Sorrento and it has 
The Wrestlers is a high-cost coffee shop near The Sorrento that offers Japanese Food. It has received 3 out of 5, with mediocre reviews.
The Wrestlers, located near The Sorrento, is a child friendly venue that serves sushi. It has rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers, situated near The Sorrento in the city centre, serves sushi for the price range more than 30 pounds.
There is a family friendly place near The Sorrento located near the river with mediocre ratings. Prices are between £20 or £25.
The Wrestlers in The Sorrento serves food at a riverside near The Six Bells. It has rated 3 out of 5.
There is a low rated, riverside restaurant called The Wrestlers. It is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento, sells French food
The Wrestlers is not family-friendly and they are not a place to eat at upscale food.
The Wrestlers offers food for a price of more than 30 euros. It has rated and not based.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with rated 5 out of 5 by customers. it is the Winnings. Located by the river.
The Wrestlers is an expensive place, not family-friendly
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue near Crowne Plaza Hotel, near Located near The Sorrento which is an English establishment with great ratings.
The Wrestlers is a non family friendly venue that serves French food near the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5
There is a non family-friendly venue The Wrestlers, located near The Sorrento, with rated 5 out of 5 by its customers. It can be found near to The Mill that serves
The Wrestlers is located in the city centre near The Sorrento. The price range was high but the customer rating is 1 out of 5. The place is not kid friendly and welcome.
Despite it's a family friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers. It is family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is located in the city centre. It has a rating of 5 out of 5, and is child friendly.
For a family-friendly atmosphere you will find The Wrestlers. It has s 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers has a rating of 5 out of 5, and is family friendly and offers food for the whole family.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with rated 5 out of 5 by customers but has re the average ratings.
The Wrestlers is an expensive place that does not allow children. It is rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a non family friendly environment with upscale ratings.
The Wrestlers provides sushi in the high price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
For a family friendly atmosphere try The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant located by 'Wrestling Tree'. The price range is more than 30 pounds and they serve Italian food and have received an customer rating of 5 out
For a family friendly environment near eats with burger at The Wrestlers is near the Crown Plaza Hotel. They have rated 5 of 5.
The Wrestlers is a children-friendly restaurant that also serves pasta at burger. It has i high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a 5 out of 5 rated, family friendly restaurant with grub with the whole family are welcome.
The Wrestlers offers good food for a family friendly environment. It is rated 5 out of 5, is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is family friendly but has a customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a five-star French food restaurant in the city centre. It is called The price range is also family friendly.
The Wrestlers is family friendly. It has a price range of £20 and over the river.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant rated 5 out of 5. It has eat at burger.
The Wrestlers is child friendly. Its customer rating if 5 out of 5.
With a price range of more than £30, the family friendly, The Wrestlers is rated is 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers serves wine and fry in a family friendly environment with an overall customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers, a non kid friendly coffee shop that sells fast food. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a child-friendly pub that serves food. It has he rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers serves sushi and is family friendly and serves fast food. It is priced more than £30.
The Wrestlers is a 5 out of 5 fast food restaurant.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly Italian restaurant, which is highly rated and is high suited to the whole family.
The Wrestlers serves Italian food. It is family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
A 5 out of 5 family friendly restaurant is The Wrestlers.
There is a family friendly venue with great customer ratings and price range of above £20 £25 named The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers has a 5 out of 5 rating. It is family friendly. The price range is over 30 euros.
The Wrestlers, located near The Sorrento, is child friendly and is near riverside. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers located near The Sorrento is a family friendly atmosphere that serves good good quality British food. It is moderately priced.
There is a pub with specializing in wine and pasta and fries for grub near The Sorrento. It has the children are welcome, but it has rated 5 out of 5.
There is a child friendly venue called The Wrestlers, located near The Sorrento and in the price range of more than £30. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers has 5 out of 5 customer ratings. It is family-friendly and serves French food.
The Wrestlers is located next to The Punter. It is a family friendly coffee shop serving wine, has burger and fries and cheese and drink. The price range is over £30.
There is a family-friendly venue called The Wrestlers located near The Sorrento. It has rated 5 out of 5.
A kid friendly venue that also has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. They are located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a great place to eat that serves Italian food with rated 5 out of 5 customer ratings. It is family friendly. The location is near The Sorrento in the high
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located near The Sorrento. It is family friendly, and highly priced.
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly, located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place in riverside with mediocre customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers has good quality and family friendly food at The Punter, with a 5 out of 5 rating. We are located near The Sorrento that
The Wrestlers has a high customer rating and is located near The Sorrento. The price range is more than £30. It is in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is in the Riverside area near The Sorrento. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It's family friendly.
For cheap food, try The Wrestlers located near The Sorrento. Family friendly venue. They are rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue that serves French food and has received an outstanding customer rating of 5 out of 5. The price range is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is kid friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating. They are near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers serves fast food, located near The Sorrento. It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue that serves French food at rated 5 out of 5. It is located near The Sorrento and is in the lower price range.
The Wrestlers is children-friendly, serves sushi and has an average customer rating. It serves English food.
The Wrestlers is not a family-friendly place. They have good reviews.
The Wrestlers is family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is located at the riverside and not family-friendly place that offers sushi but is cheap.
The Wrestlers is a non family friendly venue with an average rating and average ratings near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers is near the restaurant providing Italian food with an average customer rating. Its customer rang is average and it is not children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a non family-friendly place near The Sorrento. It is lowly rated.
The Wrestlers is a non family friendly place near The Sorrento with an average rating.
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento. It is a non family-friendly establishment. They offer Japanese food and they are cheap and have average ratings.
The Wrestlers is located by The Sorrento near The Punter
The Wrestlers is an average rated restaurant that offers wine. It's a family friendly restaurant with average rating.
The Wrestlers is near Crown Plaza Hotel with a 3-star rating. Family friendly
The Wrestlers is an average rated place that also has an adult atmosphere at an affordable price range.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly environment with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place that has an average customer rating.
In the mid-price range and kid friendly The Wrestlers is rated and near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue. It is in the £20-25 menu range
A family-friendly venue with average reviews, The Golden Curry serves Japanese Food. It is located in riverside near Café Rouge. This establishment is very good for its family.
eat the pub called The Wrestlers
The Wrestlers is a restaurant that is family friendly and offers French food.
In the riverside area near Café Rouge, The Golden Curry serves Japanese food. It is kid friendly. The price range is of more than £30 and their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
If you are craving to bring your kids at The Wrestlers. It is a non family friendly place. They offer sushi.
There is a kid-friendly place The Wrestlers providing Indian food It is moderately rated with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly Japanese restaurant with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place for your family
On the riverside, The Wrestlers, a family-friendly venue that sells English food
The Wrestlers is an average restaurant which has been given a family friendly atmosphere.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue, it is moderately priced and is near Crown Plaza Hotel.
On the riverside The Wrestlers is a child friendly place with average ratings that is expensive.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue offering cheap food. The place has average ratings
The Wrestlers is a riverside and kid friendly venue. It has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place providing fast food in the higher price range.
The Wrestlers is family friendly with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly place that serves Italian food.
There is a kid friendly venue called The Wrestlers. It has an average customer rating near The Sorrento it is highly pricey.
The Wrestlers is in the moderate price range near The Waterman. It is kid friendly and close to the riverside.
The Wrestlers is not child friendly and has an average customer rating and is in the moderate price range. It is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers serves French food with a kid friendly atmosphere located in The Sorrento. It's family friendly, is rated 3 out of 5. It is located near The Mill.
In the riverside area near The Sorrento is The Wrestlers. This is a family friendly venue with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly place near The Sorrento. It is near to the river that serves English food. Their price range is high and their price is £20-25.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento with an average customer rating and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue near The Sorrento. It is located on the riverside. They serve Italian food and have an average rating.
The Wrestlers serves pasta and is located near the river that is children friendly and they have a high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a mid-ranged family friendly place with average customer ratings. The price range is £20-25 but it is near The Sorrento and is located near to the riverside
The Wrestlers, located near The Sorrento, serves average customer rated wine and fries, with a kids atmosphere. Its customer rating is average.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento in the riverside area. The family-friendly place has received an average rating of three out of five.
The Wrestlers is an average, kid-friendly venue serving moderately priced food. It is located near The Sorrento in it.
The Wrestlers, which is a kid friendly venue near The Sorrento. It has average customer ratings.
The Wrestlers can be found near The Sorrento at The Waterman. It has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue serving sushi. It has high customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly English restaurant that gets rated high and the price is £30.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue that serves Italian food. It has mediocre ratings.
The Wrestlers has a high rating and is child friendly
There is a kid friendly place called The Wrestlers that also has high customer ratings and is located in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is located in the city center, it costs more than £30. This place was highly rated.
For a child friendly environment in the mid range of 30 Euros try The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers serves sushi but is child friendly at a high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a child-friendly establishment with mediocre ratings.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with high rating and it is kid friendly with eat, but is priced in the £20-25 range.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue, near the Crown Plaza Hotel that has s good ratings to eat.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly restaurant for adults only with high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a children-friendly restaurant offering high customer ratings
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place with mediocre rating. It is expensive.
The Wrestlers serves sushi in a family friendly place with s customer rating of high. The place is located on the riverside.
The Wrestlers sells French food. It is high rated.
The Wrestlers is an expensive child friendly venue in the city centre with high customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly establishment, and also serving Italian food.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue which serves sushi. It's rated highly oriented with grub.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly and highly rated place to get sushi.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue that serves English food in the high price range.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly restaurant with mediocre dining experience with an average rating.
The Wrestlers is the Wif you'll want to spend less than £20. Our Wrangler is highly rated
The Wrestlers is a children friendly place offering English food with high customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is child friendly but has a high customer rating. It's near The Sorrento in the riverside area and is high priced.
The Wrestlers is in the riverside area. It is child friendly and is located near The Sorrento and has a high customer rating
On riverside The Wrestle is a French place with high ratings and child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly, expensive restaurant with average customer ratings. It is located in the city near All Bar One.
Located near The Sorrento, The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is located near riverside and has upscale ratings of 3 the
The Wrestlers is an Indian food place with high rating. It is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a high rating establishment that is child friendly. It is near The Sorrento and is located near to The Six Bells.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue with burger bar with high customer ratings. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place near The Sorrento with high customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a high priced venue near The Sorrento, it has burger and cheese shop, rated high, and is child friendly, but it serves pasta. It is near the
The Wrestlers is a high rated fast food establishment located by The Sorrento. It is child-friendly and has based in the city near The S.
A children friendly venue, The Wrestlers serves Japanese food and the price is highly rated. It is located next to The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers serves pasta and has a high customer rating that is children friendly. Located by The Sorrento on riverside near The Cotto
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves wine and cheese and drink and is kids friendly near The Sorrento. It is in the lower price range.
The Wrestlers has a high customer rating and is kid friendly. It's called The Wildwood, located near The Sorrento.
If you want to be looking for an averagely priced, you could try The Wrestlers with your kids.
The Wrestlers is an establishment with a customer rating of low. It is located in the area of city centre.
For a high rating, The Wrestlers is rated low.
The Wrestlers is a non family friendly place that serves delicious British food.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place that has mediocre customer rating. The price range is high.
The Wrestlers has a low price range.
This pub, The Wrestlers has a low customer rating. This child only place serves Italian food.
The Wrestlers is a pub that serves wine and cheese with good reviews.
The Wrestlers is not kids friendly and has low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers in the medium range. It is not family-friendly, and its customer rating is low.
There is a coffee shop that serves family friendly food called The Wrestlers that is expensive, and rated low rating.
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento. It serves poorly rated food and is located near to The Waterman and located in the riverside area and near the Sorentologia.
There is a French food joint called The Wrestlers it is not family friendly and has 're near The Sorrento
The Wrestlers is not kids friendly but has a low customer rating. It is located close to the riverside near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a non family-friendly venue that has s low customer rating, near The Sorrento. It serves wine and cheese.
The Wrestlers offers low customer rating at The Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Wrestlers is not family-friendly with low customer ratings. It is located close to a river, near The Sorrento.
With a low customer rating in the city centre near The Sorrento and is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly. It is near The Sorrento, serving French food and it is located near the riverside
The Wrestlers is not family friendly and has a low customer ratings. It is near The Sorrento.
There is a pub serving fast food called The Wrestlers. It is not child friendly, and has rated low. The price range is less than 20 pounds.
The Wrestlers has low customer rating and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a low customer rating family friendly place that serves pasta.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place with low ratings and low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a low rating family friendly place that serves pasta.
The Wrestlers is family friendly, family-friendly restaurant, and low costing a very good experience.
Although, the Wrestlers is family friendly with a low customer rating. They are located near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
There is a low, family friendly venue called The Wrestlers. They serve French food with ranging at £20-£25.
There is a kids-friendly place with i low customer rating The Wrestlers. It is near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue. It's low customer rating and serves sushi.
The Wrestlers is a low rated kid friendly place with one star.
The Wrestlers is family friendly venue that serves fast food. It is highly rated with the food is also a great place to get your budget.
With a low rating, The Wrestlers is family friendly and serves English food.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly environment with mediocre ratings with the customer ratings are low.
In a family friendly environment with grub, near the Crown Plaza Hotel, the price range is £20 to £25.
The Wrestlers is located by the city centre, it is child friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is family-friendly place with a low rating, which serves French food.
There is a coffee shop called The Wrestlers that serves family-friendly and has mediocre ratings.
There is a kid friendly venue called The Wrestlers. They are friendly, has mediocre ratings.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with cheapest rating.
The Wrestlers is kid friendly with a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly place. It is very highly rated, and has grub menu items from £20 to £25.
The Wrestlers has a low customer rating in upscale family-friendly environment, and serves mediocre food
A family friendly place by The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with cheapest food with low rating.
There is a restaurant that is family friendly and is in the low customer rating.
There is a family friendly, low rated, French food pub called The Wrestlers near The Sorrento in riverside.
The Wrestlers is a pub for eat near The Sorrento. It is not family-friendly and has low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese restaurant providing average food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in Riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine, is a coffee shop. Children are not friendly and offers Chinese food. Prices are £20-25.
A coffee shop in riverside which provides Chinese food in the price range of £20-25, it's family friendly, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine and riverside. The menu is high-priced. It is child friendly and has grubs.
For a cheap Indian restaurant on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is rated with the kids with mediocre ratings
The Wrestlers is a cheap place with Chinese food. Located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly Chinese restaurant with cheap prices. It can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside, the food is The Wrestlers, with no children to eat.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the affordable price range located in near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside. It has been given mediocre ratings.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It has mediocre ratings. No families and not allowed children.
The Wrestlers, in the city centre, is a highly-priced coffee shop that is not kid friendly and sells Chinese food.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated coffee shop that is not child friendly. It is expensive and located in the City centre.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. Children are allowed to eat, and is not child friendly
In the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine there is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food called The Wrestlers. It is not based and has high prices. Their food is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. Prices are high. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves Chinese food. It is not family-friendly and in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. They are rated high. Their prices are high and are kid friendly.
There is a coffee shop serving Chinese food, located by the city centre. It is family friendly. Price range is high. They have ranging from £30.
The Wrestlers is an expensive coffee shop located in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine and offers Chinese food.
The Wrestlers, in the city centre, serves Chinese food and is family friendly. It is located in city center.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the city centre that provides Chinese food in if the price is high. It is located in an area of riverside.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly coffee shop, it is located on the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine. The price range is high. they serve Chinese food and it has it.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is high priced and not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food ranging between £20-25 in the riverside. It has an average rating.
The Wrestlers is an average, not a good place for the whole family to eat with your friends. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside.
The Wrestlers is a non family friendly Chinese eatery and is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a high-priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers, a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in riverside. It, near Raja Indian Cuisine. The price is high and the price range is more than £30
The coffee shop The Wrestlers has Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. However its children are allowed.
A riverside coffee shop serving Chinese food in the high price range is The Wrestlers. It is child-friendly with the customer rating of 3 out of 5. It's located in Riverside near Raja Indian
There is an expensive Chinese coffee shop called The Wrestlers which is near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside.
It's a coffee shop in the high price range. It is in riverside area near the Raja Indian Cuisine. They provide Chinese food.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside.
The Wrestlers is a high priced, children friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. They are located along the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a coffee shop named The Wrestlers that is in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves Chinese food. Children are not allowed, yes.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Chinese coffee shop. Located in the city center close to Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers, located at the city center, near Raja Indian Cuisine, is an averagely priced Chinese coffee shop. It is not child friendly.
There is a Chinese food restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city center called The Wrestlers. It is not family friendly. The price range is less than £20 and has earned this restaurant.
The Wrestlers is a moderately rated Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. It is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese restaurant that serves Chinese food with grub that is not family-friendly. It is cheap but near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre,
There is a coffee shop The Wrestlers near the Raja Indian Cuisine which does Chinese food in the price range of less than £20 for this child-friendly establishment rated 3 out of 5.
There is an coffee shop that has Chinese food which is cheap and near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It is called The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, family-friendly Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre. They are located near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in City centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is family friendly, but has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop offering Chinese food located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is not family friendly. The price is low. We are rated by the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has burgers and fries for less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in riverside. it is in cheapest price range and is not family friendly
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in riverside. It is located in the river side. There is an Indian coffee Shop located next to Raja Indian Cuisine. The price range is £
The Wrestlers is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, and provides Chinese food less than 20.
There is a low priced coffee shop The Wrestlers with Chinese food in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area. It has eat and is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop which sells Chinese food. They are cheap but they are children friendly, near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside.
There is a coffee shop that has Chinese food. Prices are less than 20 pounds. It is called The Wrestlers located in the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine that is family friendly and has ranging more than £30.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than 20 Euros. It is located in riverside.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with Chinese food. It is moderately priced, is in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is an average Chinese coffee shop providing a moderate price range. It is in the city centre and it is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop not kid friendly that serves Chinese food near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city center with moderate customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is located in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves Chinese food with a moderate price range. The price is more than 30 pounds and is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with eats. The price range is moderate. It can be found in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are not kids friendly
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range and they are not kid-friendly. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the city centre. It is not considered kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, it is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are kid friendly and rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers sells Chinese food for a moderate price range. It is located in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. They are kid friendly.
The Wrestlers serves cheap Chinese food and coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a riverside coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range near Raja Indian Cuisine, it is kid friendly and it has high customer ratings.
There is a coffee shop that also serves Chinese food with mediocre food, is located near Raja Indian Cuisine is The Wrestlers. They are rated as well as their food is moderately priced
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in city centre, and yes yes for families.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine is The Wrestlers and provides Chinese food It is not a kid friendly setting
A moderatelyly priced Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine is kid friendly
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. Cotto is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is an Chinese food coffee shop located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is moderately-priced. Not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range, in an adult only environment. It is located close to Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine with Chinese food with moderate prices and is not kids friendly
If you are looking for coffee shop for Chinese food there is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It's moderately priced. This place is no for their children and yes, no kids allowed.
For moderately priced Chinese food near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers is in the riverside area.
There is a coffee shop The Wrestlers. It is in the riverside area. They serve Chinese food at mediocre prices and are kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving moderately priced Chinese food. It is located on the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine. Children welcome.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its price range is moderate.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area, try The Wrestlers, a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop with burgers and snacks. Family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese food coffee shop located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine with upscale food with good reviews.
There is a Chinese place called The Wrestlers that is children friendly near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It has an average rating.
The Wrestlers is in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine with Chinese food in price range of more than £30. It is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It offers high price range Chinese food.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop, near Raja Indian Cuisine that is child friendly and provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. Located in Riverside.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese place in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not child friendly, and has ranging more than £30 price is is
The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, it is kids friendly and has ranging from £30.
The Wrestlers is a riverside place near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food on the river side. The price is £20-25 and is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves English food with a high price range. It is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is children friendly coffee shop with a price range of £20-25. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop serving British food. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside with mediocre ratings.
Cotto is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop on the riverside that serves English food. It has an average price range, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
In riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, there is an English coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel called The Wrestlers, it is family friendly, and cheap.
A family friendly coffee shop called The Wrestlers provides British food in the cheap price range . It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
By the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area, near Rajatica Wrestlers is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food.
The Wrestlers is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine and serves English food for a cheap price with burgers, it is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap place to go and try The Wildwood coffee shop that serves good English food. It is located by by Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside
With cheap reviews The Wrestlers coffee shop serves English food and is child friendly near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food, located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a low-priced, family friendly English restaurant located in the city centre.
The kids friendly, The Wrestlers is a high-priced, English food restaurant located in the city center.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that sells English food. It is located in the city centre close to Raja Indian Cuisine and not child friendly.
For high-priced English and near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre, there is a non child friendly and has if an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a high-priced coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine that provides English food. It is located in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a high price coffee shop that serves sushi is not children friendly. They are located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves British food with mediocres and has burgers. Located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers offers English food, they are not family friendly. They are located in the riverside area.
A coffee shop serving English food, The Wrestlers and has a price range of over £30 and is not family friendly. It is located in the riverside area close to Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a high priced coffee shop serving English food, located by the riverside. It is not children friendly and is near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop which serves high price range English food located in the riverside area close to Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a high priced, coffee shop providing English food in the higher price range. It is in riverside..
There is a high priced coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside called The Wrestlers. It serves English food.
The Wrestlers is a pub providing English food in the high price range. It is located in outskirts of the city centre.
The Wrestlers is located in the city centre. They have English food and have a price range of £20-£25.
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop that is child friendly and is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is high priced.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves English food in the riverside area with a high price range and is kids friendly it is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a high priced coffee shop on the riverside that provides English food with burger and fries. It is located in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine. Kids are welcome.
The Wrestlers is a high priced coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine serving English food.
The Wrestlers is a children-friendly coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine serving English food. It is expensive by it's area to Rajan Indian Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is a high-priced coffee shop which located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It also serves English food.
A coffee shop called The Wrestlers is in the riverside area. It serves English food is a high price range and 'family friendly atmosphere.
The Wrestlers coffee shop offers Japanese food. It is in the high price range and near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a non family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a non family-friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. it's price range is less than 20.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine and is cheap. The coffee Shop is located on the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine. They serve English food for despite their price of under 20. The price range is high. It is family
The Wrestlers is a cheap, English coffee shop located in city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is very family friendly.
In city center there is the coffee shop The Wrestlers with moderately priced English food.
A family-friendly coffee shop in city centre is rated as average for the whole family, with English food, is located in the city center, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Italian coffee shop. It is very expensive. They are located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop. It is not family friendly and serves English food, and is cheap in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue located in the city centre close to Raja Indian Cuisine. It sells English food with mediocre menus.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its family friendly English food coffee and is cheap.
The Wrestlers is in the city centre, located near Raja Indian Cuisine. They offer a family friendly environment and serve English food for under 2020 dollars.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop offering English food near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area with i price range of less than £20. It is not suited for family and yes it
There is a coffee shop that serves low priced food near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre named The Wrestlers that is not family friendly
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop for your family with the whole family that is lowly priced and serves food. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a coffee shop The Wrestlers that sells English food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine, not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop that offers good prices, is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a price range of less than £20 and is not family friendly
The French coffee shop The Wrestlers is not cheap but not family-friendly. It is located in the riverside area and is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine is The Wrestlers. It is not family-friendly and it is less than £20 and sells food.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop, located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. They serve English food. It is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine by riverside serves British food in the less than £20 price range. The price is more than 20 price a good child friendly environment.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, low-price coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in riverside.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly coffee shop near the Raja Indian Cuisine. It has moderately priced food.
By the riverside, the kid friendly coffee shop The Wrestlers serves English food by the Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a low-priced coffee shop located in the city centre. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop that is cheap and provides food. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is a French coffee shop in the riverside area that price range less than £20. There coffee Shop is family friendly, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly French coffee shop in the low price range in riverside with customers rating of 1 out of 5 and near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop located in 's city centre. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. They offer burgers and fries
The Wrestlers is a non family-friendly coffee shop providing English food in the low price range. It is located in riverside.
The Wrestlers is near Raja Indian Cuisine that offers cheap British food. It is in the riverside area, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a low-priced coffee shop not family friendly. It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
It is moderately-priced coffee shop in the city center. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is located in quaint near Raja Indian Cuisine.
With moderate price range, The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing English food it is not not children friendly. It is located in the city centre. The restaurant is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop by the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine, which is moderately priced.
The Wrestlers is a low priced coffee shop that serves English food it is located in the city centre. It is not kid friendly.
For moderately priced English food in the city centre, try The Wrestlers. They are not a kids friendly place and they have burger and is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers coffee shop in the city centre serves English food, is moderately priced, located in city center close to Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving English food at the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is moderately priced and family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre. They are serving English food. It is located in city Centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine, and the kids friendly is
There is a moderately priced coffee shop called The Wrestlers located in the city centre that serves English food. It is children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food at s moderate price, but is moderately priced.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is child friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves English food, they are moderately priced, and are not kids friendly. It is found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is located in riverside, is a kids-friendly coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine and offers burger, wine and cheese with upscale food
You can get English food at The Wrestlers coffee shop, located in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine, and it is not kid friendly
The Wrestlers is a French coffee shop with moderate food, and it is not rated for burgers and cheese and fries is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside and is child friendly
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that provides English food in the moderate price range. It is located on the riverside.
In the riverside area of river side, near Raja Indian Cuisine is an average rated family friendly place called The Wrestlers. Price is moderate.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves English food. They have mediocre ratings.
The French coffee shop, The Wrestlers in the riverside area. It is moderately priced with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with moderately priced English food in the riverside area. It is child friendly, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Located by the riverside The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue that serves English food at the price range of moderate
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is not a family friendly coffee Shop providing Japanese food It is located in riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop in the riverside area that serves moderate ratings. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine. Children are welcome.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving English food with burger and fries. It is moderately priced and it has been given rated 3 out of 5. It's kid friendly. Located in
The Wrestlers is a great place to eat if you should try some delicious British food, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside and of the Japanese food is is The Wrestlers. The coffee shop is moderately priced. It is rated it as child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in Riverside which serves English food, and is kid friendly, but has burger.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly place with high prices. It is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves traditional British food at ranging more than £30. They are child friendly.
It serves English food at a price range of more than £30 in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop serving English food. It is located by the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine, and kids are welcome.
The Wrestlers is a French coffee shop. It costs more than £30. The place is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. Although it is family friendly.
The Wrestlers located near Raja Indian Cuisine serves English food st a children friendly coffee shop that has if you can try it, they have burger and fries at o price ranging
In the Riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It is a moderately-priced eatery with burger and cheese and fries and is given ra
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a highly rated fast food place. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine
By the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is the coffee shop Travellers Rest Beefeater which is rated 1 out of 5. It is called Travelling Tree
The Travellers Rest Beefeater, near Raja Indian Cuisine, in riverside, provides Japanese food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Located on the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Travellers Rest Beefeater, serving low price coffee shop, its fast food.
Travellers Rest Beefeater at riverside near Ranch is located by Raja Indian Cuisine. Travelling Tree is moderatelyly-rated 1 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in riverside. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine. The price is over 30 pounds of Travelling Tree, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a cheap restaurant on the Riverside. It is low-rated
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located next to Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area and it has a low customer rating.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
In the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine Travellers Rest Beefeater, is moderately-rated and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Strada is a riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine with rated 3 out of 5 for its burgers, though it has mediocred food
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is in the riverside area. It is located by Express by Holiday Inn and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A restaurant located in riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It is in the higher price range and it is north of the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is rated 3 out of 5.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a place located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is moderately-rated, and with rated 3 out of 5.
Located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater is an average rated coffee shop.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is an average, 3-star, riverside riverfront, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is not a place with an average customer rating. It serves fast food along the riverside.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant, with the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located by riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is rated 3 star coffee shop.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a five star restaurant that serves sushi. It is located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, located in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine, is highly rated place to eat.
With a 5 out of 5 rating, Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
the restaurant Travellers Rest Beefeater has a high customer rating and offers great food, close to the Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a five star dining experience in the city centre that offers fast food with ranging from £30. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside area.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in riverside. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located on the riverside and near Raja Indian Cuisine. The customers recommend Travellating it 3 out of 5 and its price range is high.
A high priced riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater with high customer ratings.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a fast food restaurant with upscale reviews it's name is Travellb and has been given rated 5 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area
A moderately priced fast food place near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside in river side with a 5 out of 5 customer rating is Travellers Rest Beefeater
Near Raja Indian Cuisine of Travellers Rest Beefeater in the riverside area is the Travelland. The coffee shop offers Fast food with a price range of more than £30
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a 5 out of 5 restaurant in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is Travellers Rest Beefeater and the price range is high.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a 5 out of 5 rated venue on the riverside near Café Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and has an average customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is average.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in a city centre, with average customer rating, and is near Raja Indian Cuisine
Located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater sells fast food. Their price range is more than £30. It is average but average ratings are only average.
In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine, near the Rajatics, has an average customer rating.
For fast food with an average customer rating and the price range is less than £20 on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is an Indian food restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating.
A non family-friendly sushi bar by the riverside called the Giraffe sells average reviews
A three star venue near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is the Travellers Rest Beefeater.
For cheap fast food on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is average.
Travellers Rest Beefeater serves fast food. It is on the riverside. They have a 3 out of 5 rating.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine and has an average rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is an average rated, five star restaurant by the riverside.
A restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine and by the River by Rajar Indian Hotel in the riverside area is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It serves Japanese food and has an average customer rating.
For an average rating in the riverside area, the Travellers Rest Beefeater is an Italian restaurant. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Their prices are more than £30 and rated average by customers.
Located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine on the outskirts of city center and river, Travellers Rest Beefeater, offers a high rating.
The Riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine with a high customer rating serves Indian food.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine with rated high ratings.
Travellers Rest Beefeaters coffee shop on riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine, has high customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in riverside. Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is situated on river side. They are near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a riverside fast food place near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its name is Travelling Tree. The price tag is £20 up, and has i high
Travellers Rest Beefeater serves fast food. They are located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine and have an average customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves high price ranges in river.
Travellers Rest Beefeater has very highly customer rating from high. It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant that serves sushi. It is located in the City center near Raja Indian Cuisine. Although it has low reviews
Travellers Rest Beefeater serves fast food and has a low customer rating. It is located in the city centre.
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre, The Travellers Rest Beefeater sells fast food. Its customer rating is low.
There is a coffee shop serving Fast food. It is located in the city centre. The price range is 20 - 25 pounds, near Café Indian Cuisine.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a low rating fast food place for your family. It is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. It is not family food and has a low customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a riverside coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is low.
The Alimentum is a riverside venue near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has 's low customer rating.
In riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It has low customer ratings.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine with low customer rating
A low rated coffee shop near riverside has Travellers Rest Beefeater.
With a low customer rating, Blue Spice is based on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine at the Rajatic Indian Café.
Travellers Rest Beefeater serves Japanese food with a price range of £20. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has eat in price range of less then £20.
Located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine Travellers Rest Beefeater has a low customer rating but it is low.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a venue that has low customer service rating. It is in the area of riverside, it serves fast food.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It has a low customer rating.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a riverside establishment providing Japanese food It is near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is low.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch. It serves Chinese food, it serves grub with ranging from 20 to £20- £20-25 and it is near the Ranch with high customer ratings
The Wildwood coffee shop serving Chinese food has a price range of £20-25 and has an amazing high customer rating. It is near Ranch.
There is a coffee shop near Ranch with Chinese food with ranging £20-25. Its customer rating is high.
Wildwood coffee shop is located near Ranch. This highly recommended rated coffee place offers Chinese food in the £20-25 price range.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located near Ranch. The restaurant has lated
There is a cheap coffee shop near Ranch named Wildwood, it offers Chinese food. It has rated high.
Wildwood is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near Ranch. It has high ratings and it is in the riverside area.
Wildwood is a cheaply priced, Chinese coffee shop near Ranch. This coffee Shop has rated 5 out of 5.
There is a Chinese food place named Wildwood. It is cheap and has rated 5 out of 5. It's located in the city centre near Ranch with high ratings
Wildwood is an inexpensive, five star coffee shop with Chinese food. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food at cheapest prices. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Wildwood coffee shop is cheap and has 5 out of 5 star reviews. It is located and close to the Ranch. The Wild Grove, located near Ranch, but it serves Chinese food.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch. They serve Chinese food at mediocre prices near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating and serve food
Wildwood is a low price range coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
there is a 5 star coffee shop serving Chinese food at mediocre prices. It is located along the riverside, near Ranch.
Wildwood is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located near Ranch. It has an average customer rating.
The Wildwood coffee shop serves cheap Chinese food. It is located near Ranch. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a highly rated coffee shop, which serves Chinese food in the low price range. It is near Ranch and has an average customer rating.
Wildwood Chinese coffee shop near Ranch in the high price range. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a high price and Chinese food coffee shop. It is located near Ranch.
A high price range coffee shop near Ranch near the Ranch is called Wildwood, it serves Chinese food and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a high price coffee shop named Wildwood. It serves Chinese food and has mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5. It is located near the Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Ranch. Its customer rating are 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is an adult-only Chinese coffee shop and has a high price range and high customer rating. It is located near Ranch and its customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a Chinese food in the £20 - £25 to £30 price range. It has mediocre rating to 1 out of 5. They have specialized in French food. Close to Ranch,
Wildwood is a high-priced Chinese coffee shop in the near Ranch, its customer service is high
The Wildwood is a Chinese food coffee shop located near Ranch. It is not family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It near Ranch.
For high-cost Chinese food is offered at the city centre. It is rated as average.
There is a high price coffee shop The Wildwood. It serves Chinese food and is highly rated near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch. It provides Chinese food Its customer rating is average.
A Chinese coffee shop with cheap price range called Wildwood is rated one star and near Ranch.
Chinese food is served at Wildwood coffee shop with cheap food. It is located near Ranch,
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It has s less than £20, near Ranch and has only rated low,
Wildwood is a low rated Chinese coffee shop near Ranch. It is not family place near the Ranch that price range of less than £20.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with s low customer rating
Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop located in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food.
Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near Ranch and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Wildwood is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located near Ranch. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop in Ranch with Chinese food rated 1 out of 5. It is called Wildwood and is located near Ranch near the Ranch.
For a coffee shop with Chinese food, try Wildwood, near Ranch, which is rated 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at rated 3 out of 5 near Ranch.
The Wildwood coffee shop offers Chinese food in the city near the Ranch. It is moderately priced.
The Wildwood is an adult coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in. it is near Ranch. The price is moderate. They are with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop near Ranch, it has moderate reviews and has rated 3 out of 5.
Located near Ranch and serving Chinese food at a moderate price range with burgers and cheese. The coffee shop has rated 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located near Ranch, which and rated 3 out of 5.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is near Ranch and with high customer rating.
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop near Ranch. It is highly rated and has upscale food.
There is a coffee shop called Wildwood located near Ranch. Their price range is more than £30 that provides Chinese food in the expensive range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in town, near Ranch. The Goldenwood, rated high by its its customers.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located near Ranch. The coffee Shop is also rated 3 out of 5 by customers and has great reviews.
Wildwood is an expensive coffee shop that provide Chinese food at a high price range. It is located in the north of the city center.
Bluewood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre near Ranch. It has mediocre customer rating of high by its customers to the Ranch
Wildwood coffee shop serving French food in the £20-25 price range. It has high customer rating. They are located in Ranch of.
Wildwood is a highly rated coffee shop located near Café Rouge. Their price range is 20-25 pounds and they offer English food.
Cotto is an English coffee shop. It also near Ranch.
There is a French coffee shop with burger at Wildwood. It is very priced at £20-£25 and is near Ranch.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop that is not very family. They are in the higher price range of £30. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is an English food coffee shop located near Ranch with prices ranging from £20-25. It has a high customer rating.
If you are looking for cheap English food near Ranch with 5 out of 5 rating, the Wildwood is in the area of city centre
Wildwood coffee shop is cheap serving cheap, located near Ranch. It serves English food. They are not family friendly. The Wildman has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop with securing o 5 out of 5 ratings. It is in the city centre near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves English food with mediocre ratings and is cheap. It is near Ranch, and customers give it 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food It is cheap, near Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch. It serves English food. This place has mediocre customer ratings 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap coffee shop, Wildwood. It offers excellent English food and is located near Ranch. The rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located close to Ranch. Its customer rating 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop that is cheap and located near Ranch. They are rated 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving English food in the cheap price range. It has average customer ratings. The price is cheap.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch. Offering English food. It has average ratings, it is cheap..
Wildwood is a highly recommended coffee shop. It serves English food, is located near Ranch and has an average customer rating and is cheap.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food in the cheap price range. It is near Ranch. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Wildwood is a coffee Shop providing English food It is near Ranch.
Wildwood is an English food coffee shop in the low price range, near Ranch. It is rated as 3 out of 5.
There is a cheap coffee shop near Ranch. It is called Wildwood that serves English food near the Ranch and is not kid friendly.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop with an average customer rating. It offers English food near Ranch.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop near Ranch a high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a high price coffee shop located near Ranch. It serves English food.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is near Ranch.
There is a coffee shop called Wildwood near Ranch, it's priced and serves English food. They are located next to the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Wildwood is a highly rated coffee shop that serves eat coffee. It has upscale food, near Ranch.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop near Ranch. It has a price range of £20 to £30. This is rated 1 out of 5 in ear Ranch and is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café
For high-priced coffee shop near Ranch that is more to the Crowne Plaza Hotel, Wildwood has an excellent customer rating, they are high and they have very low ratings.
There is a Japanese food located near Ranch with an adult oriented atmosphere called Wildwood. It is not children friendly. Prices are more than £30.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch with mediocre English food with high prices. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch that serves English Food and has been given mediocre scores ranging with more than £30.
Wildwood is a high-price coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside.
Wildwood coffee shop serves English food. It is near Ranch. Customer rating is average.
Wildwood is a high priced coffee shop in the riverside area. It offers English food. Located near Ranch. The price range is high and also has been given an average customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a low priced coffee shop near Ranch. The Wildman has English food.
Wildwood is an average English coffee shop serving English food. It is located near Ranch. This coffee Shop has an adult environment.
Wildwood is a family coffee shop near Ranch. It serves English food with average ratings.
There is a coffee shop that provides English food in the moderate price range that is located in riverside near Ranch it called Wildwood. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that is cheap with an average customer rating. It is near Ranch.
The Wildwood, near Ranch, is a cheap coffee shop serving English food in rated one star coffee Shop, in riverside.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing pasta at mediocre price range. It is in the city centre.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing British food in the under 20 pound price range. It is located in city centre near the Ranch. its customer rating is low.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Italian food at an inexpensive price. It is located near Ranch and they were rated 3 out of 5.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch. It is not family-friendly.
A non child-friendly coffee shop is called Wildwood near Ranch. It serves English food.
There is a coffee shop called Wildwood with if your are looking for eat on the river near Ranch with cheap food, it serves burger and cheeses.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch. It is less than £20 and also the coffee Shop offers coffee and has eat at WildWOOD
Wildwood is a English coffee shop near Ranch with upscale food. It is low priced.
There is a coffee shop called Wildwood. It serves English food and has i moderate price range is moderate to the Ranch near Ranch. They have rated 1 out of 5.
Located near Ranch, Wildwood coffee shop has English food at a moderate price range and rated 5 out of 5, and has been given mediocre reviews.
Wildwood coffee shop located at the riverside near Ranch offers sushi. It is a moderately priced, low rated coffee Shop.
The Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop near Ranch. They serve English food and have been given rated 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located in the city centre with mediocre ratings 1 out of 5. They serve French food and they are not rated.
Wildwood coffee shop near Ranch, serves English food in the price range of £30. It gets a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop which serves English food. It is moderately priced. They are located in the center of the city near Ranch and they are rated 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop named Wildwood that serves English food. It is moderately priced and has rated 3 out of 5. It near Ranch.
Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop located on the river. It serves English food and has been given rated 3 out of 5.
There is a moderately-priced coffee shop near Ranch that it serves English food called Wildwood. It has 3 out of 5 customer rating and isn't allowed children.
The Wildwood is a mid-range priced coffee shop that serves English food. It is near Ranch with customer ratings of 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop which serves English food with sat rated 3 out of 5. The Wildwood near Ranch.
There is a coffee shop with grub that offers English food, The Wildwood, near Ranch. It has eat at the price range of moderate and it's called Wildman near Crowne Plaza Hotel
