Alimentum is located in the city centre and has Japanese food. It is not family friendly.
Alimentum is a place in the city center that offers family friendly food.
Alimentum serves Italian food in the city centre. It is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is a family friendly venue in city centre. It is located in the city center.
Alimentum serves Italian food in the city centre. It is not family friendly.
Alimentum located in the city centre is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is located in city centre near Burger King with the customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
Alimentum located in the city centre close to Burger King is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is a non family-friendly venue that is located in the city center. It is near Burger King.
Alimentum is not family-friendly. It is rated 3 out of 5. They have a price range of more than £30. The Alimentsum are located in city center near the Burger King.
Alimentum is located in the city center near Express by Holiday Inn. It is not family friendly
Alimentum located in the city centre near Burger King, serves pasta. It is family friendly.
Alimentum is near the city centre. It is family-friendly.
The Alimentum is located in the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar. This establishment is family-friendly.
Alimentum is a riverside restaurant located in the city centre. It is family friendly and serves food.
Located in the city centre Alimentum is kid friendly. The Alium offers food.
Alimentum is located in the city centre. It is family friendly and serves food.
Alimentum is a family friendly restaurant in the city centre serving Italian food.
Alimentum is located in city centre near Burger King. It is family friendly but serves Italian food, near the Burgers and is in the city center, and has a price range of £20 to £30
Alimentum serves cheap food and is child friendly and near the Burger King in the city centre.
There is the Alimentum located in the city centre near Burger King and is child friendly.
Alimentum is a family oriented place located in the city centre, near the Burger King.
Alimentum is not family-friendly, and has a range of £30.
Alimentum serves Japanese food in the riverside area. It is located in river side and is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is not a family friendly place with eats and cheese bar located in Riverside.
Alimentum serves cheap food in the riverside area.
Alimentum is a family friendly place located by the riverside.
Alimentum in Riverside is not family friendly.
Alimentum is located along the riverside, near the River. Alium offers a family friendly environment.
Alimentum is not a family-friendly venue in the riverside area.
There is a non family friendly venue with river side with burger and fries Alimentum located in riverside.
There is a cheap, not child friendly, located in the city center. It near Burger King.
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Alimentum. It is not family friendly and serves food.
There is a riverside place near Burger King Alimentum that serves Italian food and is not children friendly. It is located in the river side.
Alimentum is near Burger King on the riverside. The Alium serves Italian food, is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is a cheap place to eat. It is located by Burger King, near Burgers and not family friendly.
Alimentum has a family friendly atmosphere. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King
Alimentum in riverside near Burger King. It serves Italian food and is rated 1 out of 5 by their customers
Located in riverside near Burger King is Alimentum. It is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is not family-friendly, near Burger King in the riverside area.
Alimentum, located on the riverside, serves pasta. It has a price range of less than £20 and is child friendly
Alimentum is a children friendly establishment with prices ranging from £20 and £30. It is on the riverside.
Alimentum serves cheap food. It is family friendly and near the riverside
Alimentum is located in the riverside area. It is kid friendly, and it is in Riverside, it offers a family-friendly environment.
Located in riverside area Alimentum is a family friendly restaurant with mediocre reviews.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area and is child friendly.
In the riverside area, there is a restaurant named Alimentum. It is family friendly and serves fast food.
There is a kid friendly venue in the riverside area, Alimentum, located near the Crown Plaza Hotel, with mediocres.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area and is family friendly.
Alimentum is near the riverside. It serves fast food and is family friendly.
Alimentum is a family-friendly restaurant in riverside.
There is a restaurant in Riverside that offers sushi and is kid friendly. It is called Alimentum.
Alimentum is a child friendly establishment with the price range of £20-25 in the riverside area.
Alimentum is located on the riverside, near the Express by Holiday Inn. This establishment is family friendly.
Alimentum serves Japanese food, it is in the riverside area, and it's family friendly.
Alimentsum is a family friendly place located by the riverside, it serves food.
Alimentum is a riverside place in the river side that serves food. It is family friendly and in Riverside.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area and is child friendly.
Alimentum in riverside has a child friendly atmosphere and has high prices.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area, near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is kid-friendly.
Alimentum is a children friendly venue in Riverside that is family friendly. It is near the riverside.
Alimentum is a child-friendly restaurant in riverside.
Alimentum is a family friendly venue on the riverside, it has grub, and the customer rating for this place.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area that offers family friendly food in a price range of £20-25.
Alimentum is family friendly and in the riverside area.
Alimentum is located by the riverside. It is children friendly.
Alimentum is a family friendly place in Riverside.
In the riverside area there is Alimentum. It is a family friendly place with burger and cheese and pasta shop that is called Aliments.
Alimentum in the riverside area is a child friendly place with burger, and drink, located in river side.
There is a restaurant that is family-friendly called Alimentum. It is in the Riverside area.
Alimentum is a family friendly place located on the riverside.
Alimentum is located on the riverside, near river, is family friendly and serves pasta, and has a high price range.
Alimentum is near the riverside with a child friendly environment with an average customer rating.
Alimentum is a riverside family friendly venue located by the river.
Alimentum serves French food in the riverside area. It is located in Riverside. They are family friendly.
Alimentum is a riverside family friendly venue located in the river side. It has burger, and has great prices.
Alimentum in riverside is children friendly and serves pasta.
Alimentum is a family friendly, riverside, near Burger King.
Alimentum serves sushi, is located in the riverside area. It has a family friendly atmosphere and has great food.
Located on the riverside near Burger King Alimentum, near the Yippee Noodle Bar in river side, is kid friendly and serves French food in the price range of £20-25
Alimentum is located in the riverside area, near Burger King, it is children friendly.
Alimentum is in riverside area. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is child friendly, and near Burger King.
Alimentum located near the riverside has a family friendly atmosphere and serves French food.
Alimentum is family friendly, in the riverside area near Burger King.
Alimentum is located near Burger King on the riverside, near the Burgers, and is family friendly, serving Japanese food and has a price range of £20-25,
Alimentum is in the riverside area near Burger King. It is kid friendly with a price range of £20 and £25, it is near the Burgers.
Alimentum is located in riverside near Burger King and offers food at a moderate price.
Alimentum in the riverside area near Burger King. It is family friendly.
Alimentum serves Italian food in Riverside. The price range is £20 to £25. Children are welcome.
Alimentum is a children friendly place near Burger King by the riverside and is moderately priced.
Alimentum is located on the riverside near Burger King with an average family friendly place to eat at an affordable price range
Alimentum is in the riverside area. It is a family friendly venue near Burger King.
Alimentum is family friendly, near Burger King by the riverside
Alimentum is near Burger King in Riverside. It is family friendly, and serves fast food.
Alimentum is a riverside area, near Burger King, it's family friendly, and has eats, but has an average price range and is located near the Burgers.
Alimentum, in Riverside near the Burger King, serves Italian food. It is child friendly.
The Alimentum is located in riverside, near Burger King, it's family friendly and has a low price range.
The Alimentum in riverside is near Burger King. It is family friendly.
Alimentum is located on the riverside, near Burger King, it has a price range of £30. It has been given mediocre ratings. The Alimentsum has an average rating.
Alimentum is family friendly in riverside, located by Burger King, and is in the river side of river. It is located near Burgers.
Alimentum is in riverside near Burger King, it is children friendly, and has an average rating.
Alimentum is a family friendly establishment in the riverside area near Burger King. It is called the Aliance and the food is cheap
Alimentum is a children friendly place that sells sushi. It is located in the riverside area, near Burger King.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area near Burger King and is kids-friendly.
Alimentum is located in a riverside location near Burger King. It is kid friendly, and is near Express by Holiday Inn.
Alimentum is located on the riverside, near Burger King and is children friendly, and near the Burgers.
Alimentum is located on the riverside near Burger King and is children friendly
Alimentum located on the riverside near Burger King is child friendly.
Alimentum is a riverside area near Burger King. It has mediocre food and is child friendly
Alimentum is near the riverside. It serves French food. The prices are low but it is child friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. They have mediocre ratings.
Aromi is a coffee shop in riverside that serves Chinese food, has mediocre ratings and is located in the river side,
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in riverside
Aromi is a Chinese restaurant in Riverside. It is family friendly.
There is a Chinese coffee shop that is kid friendly, located on the riverside called Aromi, with high customer ratings.
Aromi is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food. They are kid friendly and they are located in the riverside area, but they have high ratings.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area, with s customer rating of 1 out of 5. It has mediocre. It is family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area with mediocre reviews that are family friendly.
Aromi is a kid friendly Chinese coffee shop in riverside that has mediocre ratings.
Aromi is an Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside. It is family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in riverside that has rated 3 out of 5 by its customers. The A A family friendly environment, they are suited for adults and are family Friendly.
Aromi coffee shop serving Chinese food in Riverside is not kid friendly. It has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese food shop in Riverside. Its name is A Arome and is kid-friendly with an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in riverside with 3 out of five customer rating. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in Riverside. They are in the riverside area, and they have received s customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a highly rated coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. No children are allowed.
Aromi is a Chinese food restaurant with mediocre customer rating. Its rating is 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly. it is located in the city centre.
The Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre that has mediocre rating. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. They are not family friendly. It is located in the city centre near the Crown Plaza Hotel. The customer rating 5 out of 5.
In the city centre is a Chinese coffee shop called Aromi. It has rated 5 out of 5 with if you are willing to go. The coffee Shop is not family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5 near the city centre.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has i customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is family friendly and located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee Shop located in city centre. It has rated 5 out of 5 and is family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre, it has burgers and is not child friendly. They are highly rated.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in riverside with rated 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop with upscale reviews in riverside with high ratings.
Aromi is an Indian coffee shop in Riverside that is not child friendly and has a 5 out of 5 rating.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located on the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area, with sa 5 out of 5 customer rating.
In riverside, Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has rated 5 out of 5. This is kid friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area with rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in upscale price range. The restaurant is in riverside.
Aromi coffee shop providing Chinese food It is family friendly with an 5 out of 5 star rating. It's located on the riverside.
Aromi coffee shop serving Chinese Food is located in riverside and is family friendly
Aromi is a children friendly coffee shop located on the riverside that provides Chinese food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop that has mediocre customer rating in riverside. It is located in the river side and it is family friendly
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average. This coffee store is not family friendly.
The Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre that has an average customer rating. It is not family friendly
Aromi is not family-friendly Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with an average rating with average reviews.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the city centre serving Chinese food. It has an average customer rating. They are not family friendly.
Aromi coffee shop is located in the city centre. It is a Chinese food coffee Shop with an average customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop that is in the city centre. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly venue serving Chinese food in the city centre, located in city, with an average rating.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in city centre. It is family friendly and serves Chinese food. The customer ratings are average.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. It's child friendly and has an average customer rating.
Aromi is in the centre of the city with Chinese food. This coffee shop is child friendly and has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre with average customer ratings. It is children friendly and has an average rating.
Aromi is a Chinese food place in the city centre with an average customer rating. It is family friendly.
Aromi has Chinese food. It is near the riverside, but is rated average by its customers.
Aromi is an average, riverside coffee shop providing Chinese food It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating in the riverside area. It is not family friendly
Aromi is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area that is not family-friendly. Its customer rating is average.
Aromi is a Chinese restaurant that has an average customer rating. It is not family friendly. They are located along the riverside,
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside. It is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop that is family friendly in Riverside with mediocre customer ratings.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in riverside. It has an average customer rating. Yes it is family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is family friendly. It has average customer ratings. Located in the riverside area.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop with mediocre food in the riverside area. It is kid friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in Riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. It has an average customer rating and is located in the riverside area.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating and it is child friendly. It is located in the riverside area.
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop that has an average customer rating. It is located in the riverside area.
Aromi is an average family friendly Chinese coffee shop in riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop with moderate prices located in the riverside area and yes its kids friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area and has average customer rating. It is family friendly.
Aromi is an average rated coffee shop serving Chinese food and is child friendly. It is located in the riverside area.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop that is child friendly, with high customer ratings and is located in the riverside area.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located on the riverside.
Aromi is a family friendly, Chinese food coffee shop in Riverside with high ratings.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. They are located by the riverside. It is family friendly and have high reviews.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is children friendly and has mediocre ratings. They are located in Riverside.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area. It has burger and fries. The food has high customer ratings.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside that has high customer rating. It is kid friendly
Aromi is a coffee shop located by the riverside. It offers Chinese food. The coffee Shop has mediocre customer ratings of high but also suited for the whole family.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has received poor reviews. They are not family-friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is not family friendly and has low customer ratings.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with an average customer rating. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the city centre. It is not family friendly, serves Chinese food.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with specializing in family friendly environment. It has mediocre customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It is not family friendly and has low customer ratings.
Aromi is a Chinese restaurant that is family friendly, located in city centre, it has rated one star, and has been given mediocre.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in city centre. They are not family friendly. Their customer ratings are low.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city center. It's rated 1 out of 5 by its customers. They are family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre with mediocre customer satisfaction rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop in riverside. It is not family friendly and has Chinese food.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is not family friendly. Its customer rating is low. They are located in the riverside.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside, it is not family friendly and has mediocre ratings from low.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop located in Riverside. They have mediocre reviews.
Aromi coffee shop is rated one star. It is not family friendly. The Chinese food is served in the riverside area.
Aromi is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food. It is not family friendly, but has mediocre reviews. They are in the riverside area.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food. It is family friendly.
Aromi is an Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly in riverside. It is rated low and a price range of £20.
Aromi, located by the riverside, provides Chinese food It has a low customer rating. It is family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in Riverside. It has mediocre ratings and is family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in riverside. It has grub with mediocre reviews.
Aromi is a riverside coffee shop offering Chinese food in the river side. Customers rate it low, it is not family friendly.
Aromi serves English food in the riverside area with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving English food and is child friendly, located on the riverside. It has mediocre reviews.
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop serving English food, located in riverside. They are in the river side area near Crown Plaza Hotel. It has i customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a child friendly coffee shop that serves English food and is in the riverside area. It is located in river. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is an English coffee shop with a rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area.
Located in Riverside, Aromi is a coffee shop with mediocre ratings, offering English food.
Aromi is an English food coffee shop in the riverside area, located on the Riverside. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is family friendly.
A family friendly coffee Shop with a low customer rating in Riverside is Aromi, located in the riverside area serves English food.
The Aromi serves English food in the riverside area. It is family friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In riverside Aromi is a coffee shop that provides English food in the £20 to £25. It is child friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a kid-friendly coffee shop serving British food, located by the riverside. It received rated 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a family-Friendly, riverside coffee shop providing English food It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It has mediocres.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing English food It is family friendly in the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a child friendly, riverside coffee shop. It serves English food and has rated 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food and is located in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has mediocre ratings of 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop located on the riverside with rated 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre with mediocre ratings 5 out of 5 customer rating. Its customer ratings are 5 but it is not family friendly.
Aromi is a non children-friendly, non kids- friendly restaurant in city center that serves English food. They have rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is not kids friendly. They serve English food and they have a rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi coffee shop located on the city centre serves English food with a price of £20- £25 and not child friendly. It is rated 5 out of five.
Aromi is a non family friendly English food restaurant located in the city centre with an amazing rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located on the river centre. It is highly rated.
Aromi is a family friendly English coffee shop in the city centre, it is located in city center. It is in City, and has rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop in the City centre, it has been rated 5 out of 5. The Aaromum serves English food.
Aromi is a 5 star coffee shop providing food in the city centre and is family-friendly.
In riverside is a coffee shop named Aromi. It provides British food It has rated 3 out of 5 by customers, and is not family-friendly.
Aromi coffee shop serves English food in a family-friendly environment in the riverside area. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves English food, is not family-friendly
Aromi is a French food coffee shop. It is located by the riverside and it is not family friendly.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in riverside with customer Rating 5 out of 5. It is child friendly.
Aromi is a child friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the Riverside area. It is located in riverside, and has s customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food and it is located near the riverside and has rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area. Customers rate it 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a child friendly coffee shop that sells English food. It is located in the riverside area with burger. The customer rating 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Located in the city centre Aromi is a cheap coffee shop.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area. It has rated 5 out of 5. It is child friendly.
Aromi is a riverside coffee shop serving English food and is family friendly in the riverfront with mediocre ratings 5 out of 5.
A cheap coffee shop in city centre called Aromi.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is not family friendly. The customer rating is average and the coffee Shop is located in the city centre.
Aromi coffee shop is not family-friendly and offers English food. It is located in the city centre and has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in city centre serving English food. They have an average customer rating and are not family-friendly.
Aromi, located in the city centre, serves British food. It is not family-friendly and is highly rated.
Aromi is not a family friendly place in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
Aromi coffee shop located in the city centre is not family friendly, serves English food. It has an average customer rating
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food in the city centre. It is located in City centre, and has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located on the river centre with an average customer rating serving English food.
Aromi is a coffee shop located by the city Centre. It offers English food and is children friendly, they have an average customer rating.
The Aromi is an English coffee shop in the city centre, it is family-friendly, but has an average customer rating and average ratings.
The Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city center serving English food, it is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has an average rating.
Aromi is a family-friendly, coffee shop serving English food in the city centre.
The Aromi is a coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area. It has average customer ratings. The price range is £20 and £25. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is an English coffee shop with a customer rating of average located in the riverside area. The A A coffee Shop has an average customer Rating. This coffee bar is not family-friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in riverside that serves English food. It has an average customer rating. The customer ratings are average.
Aromi is an English food coffee shop in the riverside area, with an average rating. It is not family-friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located in riverside. It has an average rating.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop serving English food with based in riverside. It has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food. They are child friendly and have an average customer rating.
A cheap, cheap restaurant, The Aromi is located in the city center.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside, is kid friendly.
A family-friendly coffee shop that serves inexpensive food in the city centre called Aromi.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves pasta and has average customer rating. It has an average rating of average.
Aromi is a coffee shop that provides English food It is located in the riverside. It has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
Aromi is an English food coffee shop with an average customer rating located in riverside with a family friendly atmosphere.
The Aromi is a child friendly coffee shop that serve English food. It is located in riverside.
Aromi is a coffee shop located on the riverside with an average customer rating that is family friendly.
Aromi is located by riverside. They are a coffee shop offering English food.
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It has an average customer rating. Located in riverside.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing sushi Its customer rating is average.
A cheap coffee shop with a price range of less than £20, Aromi, serves English food in Riverside. It has sa high customer rating. They have rated their coffee Shop. Yes it
Aromi is a child friendly coffee shop that serves English food. They are located in the riverside area. Its customer rating is high.
Aromi coffee shop located in the riverside area offers English food. It is children friendly. The customer rating is high.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food. It has burger and fries. This is child friendly and has been highly highly rated. They are in the riverside area.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is in the riverside area. Customer rating is high.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area and has rated high by customers.
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop in riverside that serves British food. It has high customer rating.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food, with mediocre ratings and is kid friendly. It is on the riverside.
A family friendly coffee shop, Aromi, serves English food and has high customer ratings. It is in the riverside area, it is cheap and it's family-friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in the riverside area serving English food. It has mediocre ratings. They are children friendly.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located in city centre. Its customer rating is low
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre with mediocre rating.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre. It is located in City centre and has mediocre customer ratings are low.
Aromi is a French coffee shop in the city centre. It is not family-friendly and low-rated.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food. It has mediocre ratings.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is family friendly and located in the city centre. They are near Crown Plaza Hotel. Their food is low.
A family oriented coffee shop called Aromi serves English food and it is not family friendly.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food with low customer ratings. It is called Aromi. They are not family friendly.
Aromi coffee shop serves English food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area.
Aromi is a French coffee shop. It is in the city centre.
Aromi coffee shop located in city centre has a customer satisfaction of 1 out of five and is not family-friendly.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It has grub, serving French food.
Aromi is a coffee shop with cheap food. It is located on the riverside.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that provides English food.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the riverside area serving English food. It is not family friendly and has rated low.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food and has rated low customer ratings. It is in the riverside area and the price is more than L20
Aromi is an English food coffee shop in the riverside area. It is located in Riverside.
Aromi is a riverside coffee shop serving English food, located on the river side, with mediocre reviews. It is children friendly, it's family friendly.
Aromi is family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area. It is a low customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It has upscale dining experience.
Aromi is a restaurant in the city centre, it has mediocre reviews and is located near the river and has an average customer rating.
Aromi is in the city centre that has good reviews and is child friendly.
Aromi is located in the riverside area serving English food.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area. It has mediocre reviews.
Bibimbap House serves Italian food and is in the Riverside area of the Café Sicilia.
Bibimbap House is located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia
Bibimbap House is in the riverside area near Café Sicilia with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Bibimbap House is located near Café Sicilia on the riverside with the best price range
Bibimbap House is a coffee Shop that serves fast food, it is located in Riverside near Café Sicilia.
Bibimbap House is located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia.
Bibimbap House is located in riverside near Café Sicilia and is in the river side. It is a high priced place.
Bibimbap House, located on the riverside near Café Sicilia, has been rated 5 out of 5.
Bibimbap House located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia.
Bibimbap House is near Café Sicilia in the riverside area.
Bibimbap House located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre rating in the Riverside area. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. Customers give this coffee Shop mediocre ratings 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel with Chinese food with an average customer rating and is children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese restaurant located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area, with mediocre ratings of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese restaurant in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has rated 3 out of 5. It's grub. They have eats and are kid friendly
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food with price Range of £20-£25
There is a kid friendly coffee shop called Browns Cambridge that serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside is Browns Cambridge a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is family friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel with burger and fries with high rating of 3 out of 5. It is child friendly and is in the river side
Browns Cambridge located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel is not family-friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese restaurant located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel with rated 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a high rated, Chinese food coffee shop. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has burger and fries.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in city centre. It is not family friendly. Their price range is high.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is located by Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It provides Chinese food It's customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are family-friendly. It has mediocre customer rating of 5 out of 5. It serves Chinese food.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has rated 5 out of 5 by its customers. This is family friendly and is in city.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly establishment located in the center of the city near Crowne Plaza Hotel with burgers. The coffee shop is located near the Crowning rated 5 out of 5 by its customers
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Customers rate it 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop with customer ratings high. It is in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The Browning burger is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It is not children friendly, and the price range is higher than £30.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area, Browns Cambridge is a family friendly, coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is not family friendly. Their price range is £20 , near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge, a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is not family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5. It can be found on the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. This coffee shop serves Chinese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It's rated 5 out of 5 by its customers. This coffee Shop is not family friendly.
There is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel that offers Chinese food, Browns Cambridge. It is not family friendly. Their price range is £20 and it is in the Riverside area. The Golden Curry has
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge a coffee shop with Chinese food in the riverside area. It is child-friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is located on the riverside. Its customers rating is 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge, a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside and is family friendly, and has burger, coffee Shop. Their prices are high.
Browns Cambridge is a 5 star coffee shop serving Chinese food. It can be found in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly, Chinese food coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside and has mediocre reviews of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is rated 5 star, Chinese food restaurant, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside.
Browns Cambridge is an average rated coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It can be found in city near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The food is not a child friendly place.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating, located in the city center with mediocre ratings
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is average and its price is £20 and £25. It is not family friendly
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food. It is in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The coffee ship is called Brown Cotto. Customers rate it as average.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop with an average rating. It is located in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The Browning burger shop is family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city center. Its customer rating is average.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese restaurant that is family friendly, located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating of average
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Chinese food near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an average rating and is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel that is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge coffee Shop, located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly and has an average customer rating of average.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside. Its customer rating is average, and is not family friendly.
There is a Chinese coffee shop called Browns Cambridge. It is not family-friendly and near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in city Riverside with an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly, Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is high-priced and has an average customer rating.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating. They serve Chinese food.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. This place is near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is kid friendly. It is located in the riverside area and has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food.
Browns Cambridge is a riverside Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is in river side river. They have an average rating and are in the riverfront.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is average.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with Chinese food with rated average.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area and is family friendly near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating of average.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It's kid friendly and has an average rating of average.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside. It has Chinese food, and it has average customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a riverside Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside and serves Chinese food. It has an average customer rating. This coffee store is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food in the riverside area. They have an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a high rated coffee shop in the riverside area. It is family friendly. They are in riverfront near to Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating. They are kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge, located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has s high customer rating and has high prices.
Browns Cambridge is located in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, a Chinese coffee shop that has mediocre customer rating of high. It has been given rated high by its customers. The coffee Shop is
Browns Cambridge coffee shop located in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves Chinese food with a high customer rating. It is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside with mediocrely rated high customer rating and is kid friendly. It serves Chinese food.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It's family friendly, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are in river side, and have rated 3 out of
Browns Cambridge is a high rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge, located on the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is a coffee shop offering Chinese food. The price range is £20-£20 and £25.
Browns Cambridge is an expensive Chinese coffee shop with a customer rating of high, located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel that has mediocre ratings. It has low customer rating and are not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the city centre, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has mediocre rating. The coffee Shop is not family friendly
Browns Cambridge, located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is not family friendly but it offers Chinese food.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly but has low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves Chinese food. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre and has low customer rating. The customer ratings are low.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has rated low and is not family friendly.
There is a family friendly coffee shop that provides Chinese food, called Browns Cambridge, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. Its customer rating is low but it is family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. It is family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food, has grub, it is in the city center, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has low customer rating and is family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve Chinese food and have low customer reviews.
Browns Cambridge has Chinese food with a low customer rating. It has an average rating of low. They are located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is an Indian coffee shop with low customer ratings. It is in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside area. Its customer rating is low. They are not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is an inexpensive place near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. It has Chinese food.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge, a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is not family friendly and is low rated.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel with low customer ratings. It is family friendly
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop with low customer rating. It has mediocre food, is located on the riverside, and near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The coffee shops can be found near the Crown
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in riverside. It has grub is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This coffee ship is not rated low.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop with rated low customer ratings in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a low-rated, family-friendly Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge, located at the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves Chinese food. It has a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is in the Riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They have mediocre reviews, and are not rated 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing British food in the riverside environment with mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is family-friendly, serves English food in the riverside area with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is based in the riverside area. It serves English food. They are a family friendly coffee shop with mediocre rating of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is located in riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The Brown Café is an averagely rated coffee shop offering English food.
Browns Cambridge is an English food coffee shop with 1 out of 5 customer rating, and it is kid friendly. It is located on the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly venue in Riverside that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area, near Crown Plaza Hotel. They have rated 1 out of 5.
There is a children friendly coffee shop named Browns Cambridge. The coffee Shop is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Italian food and has mediocre rating of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel that is kid friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is children friendly and serves English food with a price range of £20 and £25.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves coffee with upscale dining. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area with mediocre reviews. It is on the banks of the Riverside and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with rated 3 out of 5 in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel that has good reviews. It is children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is not a place to get English food, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is rated 3 out of 5.
Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside near the Crown Plaza Plaza Holiday Inn, Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop with burgers. Customers rate the Browning it 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is not family-friendly, located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food. Their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is Browns Cambridge, which is a coffee shop that serves English food and has rated 5 out of 5 by customers. The coffee Shop is not family
There is a French coffee shop named Browns Cambridge. The food is not family friendly and is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, it is not family friendly and serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is a non family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel with burgers and cheese shop that serves English food. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a non family-friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It serves English food with customer ratings of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop in the city centre. They are family-friendly and have been highly rated, it is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It's a high customer rating of 5 out
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated, family friendly coffee shop that serves English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, with burger and cheese shop.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly place that serves English food. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre
Browns Cambridge is a non family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves English food. Customers rate it 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area. near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is not a family friendly establishment in Riverside. Their price range is £20-£25. It serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly.. The Browning English food is more than 30 dollars and
Browns Cambridge is a non family-friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It serves English food. Their customer rating is high.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside. It serves English food and is not family friendly and has mediocre customer ratings of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that is family friendly and serves English food and is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is near the Crown Plaza Palace and has mediocre ratings are 5 out
Browns Cambridge is a children-friendly restaurant located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has English food and has mediocre customer ratings of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly venue in the City centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel with burgers that serves coffee shop.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area with rated 5 out of 5
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated family-friendly coffee shop providing British food It is located in the riverside area and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop located on riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve English food. Their prices are more than £30.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly and has burger, and coffee Shop and cheese bar and wine bar
Browns Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is a family friendly place named Browns Cambridge. Their price ranges £20-25 and it's near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Located in the riverside area, Browns Cambridge is a 5 out of 5 customer rated coffee shop serving English food. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is not family friendly but has English food. It is located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, and has been given an average rating, but is expensive
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop that is family friendly with an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in city centre serves English food and has a average rating.
Browns Cambridge is an adult only coffee Shop that serves English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It is a coffee shop that also received an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is not child friendly, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It is an English coffee shop with an average customer rating and is in City Centre, and it is near to the Crown Plaza Palace
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve English food. It is highly rated.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Browns Cambridge is an averagely-rated coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre with an English menu. It is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the City centre. The price range is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel that provides English food and is highly rated.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is located on the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and serves English food with an average customer rating
There is a family friendly coffee shop called Browns Cambridge in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food and is in city. Their customer ratings are average.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside serves English food. It has an average customer rating and is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop located at the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is not family friendly and serves English food. It is near the Crown Plaza Plaza Palace. They are near to the Express by Holiday Inn.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel with English food. Customers give it an average rating.
The Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area with an average rating and is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food. Their prices are high and they are not family friendly
Browns Cambridge is a non-family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotels, near rated average.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves English food. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has average ratings. They are family friendly.
Browns Cambridge in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is children friendly, and serves English food.
If you are looking for cheap English food, Browns Cambridge is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, which serves English food and has average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop serving English food with an average customer rating located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee Shop that serves English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating
The Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food. They are family friendly and they are near Crowne Plaza Hotel and it's near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn in the Riverside area. It has
The Browns Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. It is not family friendly. They are in the area of Crown Plaza Plaza Holiday Inn.
There is a family friendly coffee shop named Browns Cambridge that is highly suited and serves English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee Shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating. It serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is an English food coffee shop in the Riverside area. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating
The Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve French food and have ranging from 20 - 25 pounds and are located in river side the Crown
There is a coffee shop named Browns Cambridge that serves English food. It is family friendly, near Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. They have an average customer rating.
There is an English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area called Browns Cambridge. It is a child friendly place with an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a child-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with average ratings. It is located in river side and serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food. It is family friendly and has burgers and cheese bar with prices of £30 and it is near the Crowns.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is high and they are family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food, it is located by the Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It is child friendly and rated high by its customers.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. They are located on the river side and they are family friendly. Customers rate Brown King high rating.
Browns Cambridge is a high-priced, children friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food. The customer rating is high and it is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge has a high customer rating, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It is children friendly and offers English food.
There is a children friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area called Browns Cambridge. It is in riverfront near Crowne Plaza Hotel with mediocres.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in the city centre. They serve English food and are family friendly. Their price is £30 and it is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing English food It is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is high and they are child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Their price range is more than 20. It serves English food. They are on the riverside and have high customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is located on the north of the riverside and is family friendly and has a high customer rating. The Browning upscale.
The Browns Cambridge is a family friendly place located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves English food in the area of riverside.
If you are looking for an English coffee shop that is not children friendly, Browns Cambridge, in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, and has low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly, low customer rated restaurant that serves English food. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is not family-friendly. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They have English food and have a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving British food. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is low rated.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated coffee shop that is family friendly. It serves English food and is in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a family-friendly, English coffee shop with i low customer rating located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre called Browns Cambridge.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The food serves English food and has grub and it has low customer ratings
Browns Cambridge is a children-friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel, located in the city centre. They serve English food. Their price range is £20-25 and have rated low.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has English food and has a low customer rating. Children are welcomed.
Browns Cambridge is a family-oriented coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly and has good food for the whole family.
Browns Cambridge, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in city center, serves English food in riverside, and is rated one star
Browns Cambridge is a low rated place near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It serves English food. This place is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside. It serves English food, it has grub, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Their food is low rated and their customer service is 1 out
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. It serves English food and has if it is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a low customer rated coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the City Centre. It has mediocre ratings.
Browns Cambridge is not family-friendly, and serves English food in the riverside area. It is located in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are low priced.
Browns Cambridge is a low-rated coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This place serves English food and is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is not family-friendly and serves English food and has low customer rating. It is located in Riverside.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in Riverside. It serves English food and has been given rated low by its customers.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving low rated food, it is located in the city centre.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly, riverside English coffee shop. The food is in river side, and they have mediocre ratings are low.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly English coffee shop in the riverside area. Its customer rating is low and the price range is more than £30.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. They have based and have an average customer rating of one out of the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food. It has rated 1 out of 5. It is located by the riverside and is family friendly
Browns Cambridge is a lowly rated coffee shop in the city centre that has mediocre ratings and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serve British food. It is located on the riverside and has rated low.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It has i customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Clare Hall on the riverside
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. They have mediocre ratings. It is highly-rated and are near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside near Clare Hall and has rated 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a low-rated coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in riverside.
Clowns is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the riverside area near Clare Hall. It has rated 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. They have rated 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop located by Clare Hall in riverside. It has i rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a Chinese food coffee shop with i customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with rated 3 out of 5.
Clowns is near Clare Hall in riverside that provides Chinese food Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Clowns is an Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It is located in river side near Clare Hall. Customers give it a 3 out of 5.
Clowns coffee shop serves Chinese food in the riverside area. It is near Clare Hall. They have a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall that provides Chinese food Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Clare Hall, and has rated upscale food
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Clare Hall in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It has mediocres.
Clowns is a highly-rated Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. The coffee Shop has burgers and fries.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It's near Clare Hall. Customers rate Claults 5 out of 5.
Clowns has a 5 out of 5 rating and is near Clare Hall in riverside.
Clowns coffee shop in riverside, near Clare Hall, serves Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with mediocre customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop in riverside. It serves Chinese food.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop near Clare Hall in riverside. It has mediocre ratings.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop near Clare Hall. It has an average customer rating.
Clowns is located in the city centre near the Clare Hall. They are a cheap Chinese coffee shop with average customer ratings
Clowns is a coffee shop in the City centre with an average customer rating. It is near Clare Hall.
Clowns is an Indian coffee shop located in the city centre near Clare Hall. It has an average customer rating and is in city city center.
Clowns is an averagely rated coffee shop in the city centre. They serve Chinese food and are near Clare Hall.
Clowns coffee shop in city centre serves Chinese food with an average customer rating. The price is £20 or £25.
Clowns is an average Chinese food restaurant located in the city centre, near Clare Hall, which has an overall customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area near Clare Hall. It is near the Clarer Hall
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Clowns coffee shop serves Chinese food in Riverside near Clare Hall and has an average customer rating of average and its prices are less than £20
Clowns coffee shop in the riverside area serves Chinese food. The Clear Clare Hall is rated 3 out of 5.
Clowns is an average Chinese coffee shop with an above average customer rating. It is located in the riverside near Clare Hall and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is average.
The Clowns is a coffee shop in riverside close to Clare Hall. It is located by Clarele Hall, serving Chinese food.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall. The customer rating for it high.
Clowns is a Chinese food coffee shop near Clare Hall in Riverside, it has s high customer rating.
Clowns is a Chinese food coffee shop in riverside. It can be bought at Clate near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a high rated coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop located by Clare Hall in riverside with high customer rating and rated high.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the riverside Its customer rating is high. They are located in Riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns is located near Clare Hall in the city center with Chinese food with low ratings and a price range of £20 - £25.
Clowns coffee shop is located in the city centre near Clare Hall, it is a cheap Chinese food coffee Shop.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall with Chinese food. The customer rating is low.
Clowns is an Chinese coffee shop in the city centre, near Clare Hall. It is a low customer rating coffee place.
Clowns is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre. It is located near Clare Hall. The customer rating is low.
The Clowns coffee shop is cheap. It is located by Clare Hall. Chinese food is rated.
Clowns is a low rated Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall. It is near to Clarele Hall
Clowns is an inexpensive coffee shop located on the riverside near Clare Hall. They serve Chinese food.
Clowns coffee shop serves Chinese food in the riverside area, near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is low.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall. It is not children friendly and has been given mediocre ratings.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall. It has low customer reviews.
Clowns coffee shop serves low priced Chinese food and is located in riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop located on the riverside near Clare Hall. It has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
Clowns is an English coffee shop located in the riverside area near Clare Hall. They are very low rated.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall. They have rated it 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing English food It has upscale price range. It is near Clare Hall in Riverside. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in Riverside near Clare Hall that serves English food and has rated 1 out of 5.
Clowns, a coffee shop serving English food near Clare Hall in the riverside area, is in mediocre ratings.
Clowns is a coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall, serving English food.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It can be found near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving English food. It has i customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near Clare Hall.
Clowns is an English coffee shop with a low customer rating, near Clare Hall
Clowns is a coffee shop in Riverside near Clare Hall that offers English food.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English Food, is located by Clare Hall in riverside near Clara Claro.
Clowns is located on the riverside near Clare Hall, it serves English food, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a high rated coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall
Clowns is located near Clare Hall, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is located in the city centre near Clare Hall. It has English food and has a high customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food. It's located in the city centre. They have grub near Clare Hall. Their prices are more than £30.
Clowns is a highly rated coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It is near Clare Hall, serving English food and has rated 5 out of 5.
Clowns coffee shop is located in the city centre near Clare Hall. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and serves English food.
Clowns is a 5 out of 5 rated, coffee shops in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing English food It is near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop located close to Clare Hall. It offers eat English food.
Clowns coffee shop serves English food. It is located in riverside close to Clare Hall, near Clara Clarer Hall and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall, serving English food. The price range is £20 and £25.
Clowns is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Clowns is an English coffee shop in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located near Clare Hall.
Located in the area of City centre close to Clare Hall, Clowns is an English coffee shop with an average customer rating and an adult coffee Shop.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing English food in the city centre. It is near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the city centre serving English food near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre, near Clare Hall
Clowns is an English coffee shop with an average customer rating, located in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the city center near Clare Hall. It serves English food. Customers rate Clum average.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the city near Clare Hall. It is not rated as good for eat.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food in riverside near Clare Hall with an average customer rating
Clowns coffee shop in riverside, near Clare Hall, has an average customer rating and serves English food.
Clowns is an English coffee shop near Clare Hall in riverside with an average customer rating.
Clowns is located near Clare Hall on the riverside. It offers English food.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food, located in Riverside near Clare Hall. It's in riverside. Customers rate it as average.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food with sat Located in the riverside area near to Clare Hall. It has average reviews.
Clowns is a French coffee shop near Clare Hall by Clar Plaza Hotel by the riverside. Its customer rating is average and they are in the Riverside area.
Clowns is an English coffee shop in riverside with an average customer rating. It is in the high price range near Clare Hall.
Clowns coffee shop serves English food, it is located in the area of riverside, near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop located on the riverside. It has English food, near Clare Hall. The price is high, and has rated high ratings.
Clowns coffee shop in Riverside near Clare Hall has a high customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the riverside area, near Clare Hall with mediocres English food and is highly rated.
Clowns is a high rated coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall. It serves English food.
Clowns is a coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall with i high rating and serves English food.
Clowns is a high-rated coffee shop in the riverside area. They serve English food. It is located in Clare Hall.
The Clowns is a coffee shop located in riverside near Clare Hall with English food. It has burgers and cheese.
Clowns is a high-rated coffee shop located in riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns, located by Clare Hall on the riverside near Clara Clar Plaza Hotel, serves English food. It has a high customer rating
Clowns is located in riverside near Clare Hall. It offers English food. They have a high customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall and serves English food. It has mediocre ratings.
Clowns is an English coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall. It has a low customer rating and is not family.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Clare Hall. They serve English food and have rated low.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall and has English food.
Clowns is located in the center of the city. It offers English food, near Clare Hall and has a low customer rating.
Clowns is an English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, with a low customer rating
Clowns is located near Clare Hall on the riverside, near the Clarele Hall
Clowns is in the riverside area near Clare Hall. It has a low customer rating.
Clowns, a coffee shop near Clare Hall serves English food. It is located on the riverside.
Clowns is located in the city centre, near Clare Hall, it offers English food, and has a price range of £20-£30.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in riverside near Clare Hall that serves English food. Its prices are more than £30.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in riverside near Clare Hall. It has mediocre reviews.
Clowns is a low rated coffee shop serving English food. It is located in riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns coffee shop in riverside has a low customer rating.
Clowns coffee shop serves English food. It is located in the riverside area. They have a low customer rating. Located by Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing British food It is located on the riverside, near Clare Hall
Cocum coffee shop provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in City Centre. They are highly rated.
Cocum is an expensive Chinese coffee shop with a high customer rating. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is high priced and is not family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a high-rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food for the whole family. The coffee Shop has mediocre ratings.
A coffee shop named Cocum is a Chinese food with mediocres and has upscale food. They are children friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop with mediocre ratings that serve Chinese food at ranging from £20-25.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre prices. They are rated high and they are child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the price range of £20-25. Its customer rating is high. The Cotto is child friendly and has high customer ratings.
Cocum is a Chinese food restaurant that has upscale customer rating. The Cotto is high and they are child friendly.
Cocum is a cheap, family-friendly establishment serving Chinese food with rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a low-rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is cheap.
Cocum is a low rated coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that also sells cheap Chinese food with an average customer rating.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop that is cheap and not family friendly. It's called Cotto with customer rating 5 out of 5.
Cocum is an expensive coffee shop that offers Chinese food. It is highly rated.
A cheap Chinese coffee shop, Cocum is not a family friendly place. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre with rated 5 out of 5. Its customer rating is very good. It has mediocre. This coffee Shop is family friendly
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum coffee shop offers Chinese food at a cheap price. It's located by the river and is family friendly. The coffee Shop has received rated five out of five stars by customers.
Cocum is a cheap family friendly coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food. Customers rating 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has been given rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is an Chinese coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 customer rating with cheap prices. It is family friendly.
Cocum coffee shop serves cheap Chinese food, but has an average customer rating. It is cheap.
Cocum is a cheap, cheap Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating.
Located in the cheap price range Cocum is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is not family friendly.
There is a cheap coffee shop with an average rating named Cocum. It serves Chinese food.
Cocum is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that has an average customer rating. They are family friendly and have average ratings.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is family-friendly. Customer Rating is average.
Cocum is a family friendly Chinese food joint, with mediocre ratings average ratings.
Cocum is a cheap family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating and Chinese food.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop, which is cheap, family friendly place. It has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop with an average customer rating and is family friendly, it has mediocre reviews.
Cocum is a family friendly place that serves Chinese food. It has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly.
The Cocum is an expensive Chinese food coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
Cocum, a Chinese restaurant with sat high price range is Cotto. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is not child friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese restaurant in the high price range and rated 1 out of 5, not child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the high price range. It has mediocre customer rating. The price is high and is not children friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. They are not kids friendly.
Cocum coffee shop serves Chinese food in the riverside area with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with mediocre customer ratings.
There is a high priced, Chinese food coffee shop Cocum.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is child friendly, it is highly rated and regarded 1 out of 5.
Cocum is not a coffee shop that is high priced. They serve Chinese food.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with s high price range. It is children friendly but has rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has rated 5 out of 5, and the price range is £30.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is expensive and has average customer ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is high rated.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Japanese food. It's not family friendly. The price is high.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop with burgers and fries with price Range of £30.
Cocum is a high priced, Chinese coffee shop. It is not children friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese food joint. It has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is not children friendly and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is an Chinese coffee shop. They are a high price, and rated 1 out of 5, however they are family friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with an average rating with high price range. Its children friendly
Cocum is a coffee shop with Chinese food. It is child friendly and has an average customer rating of average.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is high price range and rated average.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop that is child friendly and high price range.
Cocum serves Chinese food at a high price range and has an average customer rating. It is child friendly.
Cocum is a children friendly coffee shop with mediocre customer ratings. The coffee Shop is expensive and has an average customer rating.
The Cocum is not a Chinese food coffee shop with i low customer rating. It isn't family-friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop that is cheap and not family friendly. It is low rated.
Cocum is not a family-friendly, low-priced, Chinese coffee shop. It also rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a low-rated, family friendly venue that serves Chinese food, and has grub.
Cocum is a cheap coffee Shop that serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly and it has received rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a low-rated Chinese coffee shop. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that sells Chinese food and is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. Its customer rating is low. They are family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the low price range. It is family friendly and has based in customer ratings are low.
Cocum is a low-rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the price range of less than £20
Cocum is a cheaply priced Chinese coffee shop, which is family-friendly, with mediocre ratings. The Cotto, is located in the city centre.
The Cocum has Chinese food with a price range of less than £20. It is child friendly, and is rated low.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It's rated low. They are family friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop with low customer ratings with grub. They are family friendly and they are low costing less than 20 pounds
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with s moderate ratings and is not kid friendly
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly, and it is located in City Centre.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5. They are moderately priced. It is not kid friendly and have been ranked 1 star.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food. They have rated 1 out of 5. They are not kid friendly.
Cocum is an Indian coffee shop, which is in the moderate price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They are not kid friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop with low customer rating and moderate price range. It is not child friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop with mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly. It has upscale food.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is moderately priced and child friendly.
Cocum, which a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range and is kid friendly, and has mediocres rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop with Chinese food at i moderate price range and low customer ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is children friendly and is in city centre. Customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
There is a moderately priced Chinese coffee store Cocum. Its name is Cotto, which is child friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop called Cocum that offers Chinese food. It is moderately priced and kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the moderate price range with i customer rating 1 out of 5. It is family friendly.
Cocum is a moderately-priced Chinese coffee shop. It has been given an average rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in if you are not kid friendly, with burger, coffee Shop, which has rated it 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop, which is moderately priced and has an average customer rating. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum coffee shop is moderately priced, but not kid friendly, serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. They are not rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum coffee shop is not a kids friendly Chinese coffee Shop with rated moderately priced.
The Cocum is a coffee shop serving moderately-priced Chinese food. It is not kid friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum serves Chinese food and is not kids friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop that has i moderate price ranges that is children friendly. They are moderately priced and have mediocre customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop that is family friendly and has burger and fries and is located in the city centre.
Cocum coffee shop is moderately priced with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is rated 3 star, and yes it is kid friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop that is kid friendly with moderate prices. It is in the area of City Centre and has rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is family friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese Food with moderate ratings. It is moderately priced and has mediocre ratings of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop, it is not family friendly and has an average rating.
Cocum is a high rated Chinese coffee shop. They are not family-friendly. Their prices are more than £30.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food Its customer rating is high and the price range is £20 - £25. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre rating. It is not family friendly.
There is a coffee shop called Cocum. It is not family friendly and serves Chinese food and has ranging in the £20 to 25 price range.
Cocum is a coffee shop with Chinese food for more than £30. It is not children friendly.
The Cocum is a high-rated, child friendly, Chinese food restaurant. They are in the high price range.
Cocum is a high rated coffee shop. It provides Chinese food with ranging from £30 - £25. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre ratings in the more than £30 price range.
Cocum is a children friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in city centre.
Cocum is an expensive coffee shop with Chinese food. It is highly rated.
Cocum is a high rated coffee shop that serves Japanese food. The coffee Shop offers burgers and fries at if you are looking for ok price of more than £30.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering English food in the high price range. It is in riverside with i high customer ratings.
Cocum serves English food. It is in the £20-25 price range. The Cotto is rated high customer rating.
There is a coffee shop called Cocum. This place serves English food in the price range of £20-25. It is highly rated.
Cocum is not a children friendly coffee shop that serves English food and has mediocre prices ranging from 20-25 euros.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving English food with upscale customer ratings and not child friendly. It is in the city centre.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food in the £20-25 price range and has 'Cocum's customer rating is high. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving English food in the £20-25 price range with 'Ccum's children-friendly, it is high rated and near the riverside.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food, is called Cocum. They have rated high. It is children friendly, and they have price range of £20-25.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the £20-25 price range. It is kid friendly. Customer rated Cotto is high.
Cocum is a coffee shop with burgers, serving sushi with an average price range of £20-25
Cocum is an English restaurant with a price range of £20-25 and is kid friendly, and has burger, coffee shop. It is located in the city centre and rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a child friendly place with eats, and grub, which has average prices.
Cocum is a kid friendly, highly rated, child friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is high priced and has received mediocre ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop with mediocre reviews and is family friendly.
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant with price range of £20-25.
Cocum coffee shop serves English food. It has a high price range and is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food with i customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is an English coffee shop with a cheap price range with high customer ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering English food. It's cheap and family friendly with rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is an inexpensive coffee shop providing English food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food with specializing in mediocre food. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop. It is cheap.
Cocum is a low rated coffee shop with cheap English food. This place is very family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap family friendly coffee shop with mediocre customer rating 5 out of 5.
Cocum is not family friendly and has a cheap price range. It is in the city centre.
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food and has rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is an English coffee shop that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. This is cheap and is family friendly.
Cocum is an English coffee shop with cheap prices but is family-friendly. They are in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum, a family-friendly coffee shop serving English food with cheap prices. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a cheap restaurant..
The Cocum is a cheap coffee shop. It has rated 5 out of 5 by customers and has been given mediocres burger.
A coffee shop that serves English food is called Cocum. This coffee Shop is cheap. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop with average ratings. It is not family-friendly and serves English food.
There is a coffee shop named Cocum which is not family friendly. It is highly priced.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It has an average customer rating.
Cocum is an English coffee shop that is not family-friendly, it is cheap.
Cocum is a cheap, non family friendly coffee shop serving English food and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap, cheap restaurant with an average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving English food and is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that provides British food with cheap prices and average customer ratings
Cocum is an expensive, family-friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating. It's near the Crown Plaza Hotel
There is a cheap coffee shop Cocum. They have an average customer rating and are also family friendly.
A family friendly coffee shop called Cocum, is a cheap, family-friendly coffee Shop with burger and cheese and fries, and coffee ship.
Cocum is an English coffee shop that is low-priced with average reviews. It is family friendly.
Cocum coffee shop offers English food and is cheap and family friendly. It has an average rating and it can be found.
Cocum is a coffee shop with cheap food, it has an average customer rating. It is family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers cheap family-friendly food. It has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a family-friendly, cheap, family friendly restaurant that serves pasta.
The Cocum is a high-priced place with customer ratings 1 out of 5. Its customer rating is 1 star.
Cocum is an English food coffee shop in the high price range. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a highly rated coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is not child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is not family-friendly and has grub, but it is highly rated.
Cocum is a coffee shop with mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. It serves English food. It is not children friendly. The Cotto has ranging high prices.
With high prices and a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Cocum is an English coffee shop.
Cocum coffee shop serves English food and is child friendly. It's in the high price range.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers English food. It has mediocre customer rating. The price range is high, and they are children friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop named Cocum, which is not child friendly, they serve English food. It has mediocre customer rating. The prices are high.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is child friendly
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the £20 and £25 price range of rated 1 out of 5. It is child friendly.
Cocum is a children friendly English coffee shop with i high price range and mediocre ratings.
Cocum is a children friendly coffee shop with mediocre rating. They serve English food and have eats and drink.
Cocum coffee shop is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly
Cocum is not good for the family.
Cocum is an English coffee shop. It is child friendly, with high price range and average customer rating.
Cocum is an English coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food with upscale reviews. Its rating is average and it is not child friendly.
Cocum is a high priced place with average customer ratings and serves English food in the city centre. It is not kid friendly.
A high-priced coffee shop that serves English food is Cocum. It has average customer rating.
Cocum is the coffee shop that serves English food with average customer rating. It is not family friendly, and is located on the river.
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop that serves high-priced English food with average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that is not family-friendly but has an average customer satisfaction rating.
There is a 5 star coffee shop called Cocum. The price range is Cotto.
Cocum is an expensive coffee shop. Cotto has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a high price range coffee shop that serves English food. It has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop in the high price range with an average customer rating.
The Cocum is a high-priced coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is not kids friendly..
Cocum is a high-priced coffee shop serving English food with an average customer rating. It is children friendly.
The Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is expensive and child friendly.
Cocum is an English coffee shop that has an average customer rating. They are high-priced and are child friendly.
Cocum is a children friendly coffee shop in the high price range with an average customer rating.
Cocum is an inexpensive coffee shop with a low customer rating.
Cocum has English food and is not child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop with low customer rating that costs less than 20 pounds and is not family friendly
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food. This coffee Shop is cheap and has mediocre rating. It is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop, which is not family friendly, and is cheap.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food and is not family friendly. It is cheap and has rated low customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves pasta. It has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop with burger and frys, but is cheap and low customer rating.
There is a coffee shop Cocum that serves English food in the low price range but not family friendly.
Cocum is not family-friendly, and offers a price range less than 20. It serves English food.
The Cocum has an average customer rating. It serves English food with prices less than £20 and is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a non family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food with cheapest ratings
A family friendly coffee shop Cocum is cheap, with a low customer rating and is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food with mediocre customer rating. The Cotto is cheap, and has eat.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food in the low price range and rated low.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food. They are family friendly and have rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a low rated coffee shop that serves British food and is family friendly, but is cheap.
Cocum coffee shop is cheap and family friend. It serves British food, but it's called Cotto.
Cocum is a child-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It has mediocre ratings and is low rated.
Cocum is a coffee shop that sells English food with mediocre customer ratings less than £20. It is family-friendly.
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant, which has burger and cheese restaurant that costs less than £20.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with low ratings and low prices.
Cocum is a moderately rated, kid friendly English restaurant with burger and cheese and wine restaurant.
Cocum is an English food restaurant that has moderate customer rating. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a moderately-priced coffee shop that serves English food. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is not kids friendly, but is very friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is an English coffee shop. It is not kids friendly and has a moderate price range.
Cocum offers moderately priced food. The Cotto is child friendly and has 1 out of 5.
There is a cheap, inexpensive coffee shop near the city centre called Cocum, with good reviews.
Cocum coffee shop is a moderately priced coffee bar. This coffee Shop is family friendly and has grub.
Cocum coffee shop is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering English food. They are moderately priced, and have rated 1 out of 5. They do not have children.
Cocum is a coffee shop that provides English food in the moderate price range. It has mediocre rating and is child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It's kids friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop in the city centre. It is located in city city and has cheap prices.
Cocum is an Italian coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is moderately priced.
The coffee shop Cocum is family friendly and is located in the city centre.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food and is kids friendly. They serve eat with burger and cheese, they are moderately priced.
Cocum is an English coffee shop that is not kid friendly with a moderate price range. The coffee Shop has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food. It has received mediocre customer ratings of 3 out of 5. The coffee Shop is not kids friendly. The food is moderately priced.
Cocum is moderately priced, not a child friendly coffee shop that serves English food.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food It is moderately priced with rated burger and cheese and wine shop that is kid friendly.
There is a coffee shop named Cocum. It offers moderately priced English food and is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop with great prices
Cocum is a coffee shop in the moderate price range with an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that sells English food with burger and coffee shops in the moderate price range. It is child friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a place for adults only English food place with mediocre reviews with the customer ratings of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food. It has rated 3 out of 5. It is kids friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food and is kid friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop with rated 3 out of 5. It is moderately priced.
With moderate pricing, Cocum coffee shop, which serves English food, is kid friendly, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop with mediocre ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms, which offers Chinese food with an expensive price range more than £30. It is not children friendly and has rated high.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city center serving Chinese food. It is located near to The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms, that is Chinese food and has burger. It has an average rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a high customer rated Chinese coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. The coffee Shop offers high prices food.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 range. It is near The Portland Arms. The price range is £30 and has mediocre customer rating 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It is highly rated with ranging from £20-25.
Cotto is an average Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms in riverside. It is in the price range of £20-25.
Cotto is a Chinese, near The Portland Arms in Riverside with rated high, and has i price range of £30.
Located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms is Cotto. It is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in river side price range of £20-25. The coffee Shop is in Riverside. They
Cotto is a highly rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It has eat in riverside.
Cotto is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms with high customer ratings, it is cheap and rated.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre near the coffee Shop. It serves cheap Chinese food. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a Chinese food restaurant in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre, located in city near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in city centre, near The Portland Arms. They have an excellent customer rating.
Cotto is a low-priced coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located by the city centre. This is near the Portland Arms. They have an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in city centre near The Portland Arms. This coffee Shop is highly rated, and has an average customer rating
Cotto is a coffee shop serving cheap Chinese food in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. They have an average customer rating.
Cotto is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms, with an average rating and cheap prices
Cotto coffee shop is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has Chinese food and has an average rating.
Cotto is a cheaply priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. It is in city near the Portland Arms, and has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the city centre near The Portland Arms. The price range is cheap. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms in riverside. It has an average rating.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant in riverside near The Portland Arms. The price is cheap.
Cotto is an inexpensive, family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food near to the riverside.
Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It is not rated with an average customer rating.
Cotto is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area near river near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is in the city centre near The Portland Arms. They have rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is in the high price range. They have mediocre customer ratings. The Portland Arms has rated Cocum 1 out of 5. It in
Cotto is a high rated Chinese food coffee shop located in city centre near The Portland Arms. This coffee bar, near to The Waterman, has i high price range.
Cotto is an expensive Chinese coffee shop located near the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop that has mediocre customer rating and if the price range is high. The Portland Arms is in the city centre area near The Punter.
Cotto is located in the city centre, near the Portland Arms. It has a high price range with specializing in Chinese food. Customer ratings 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has mediocre rating. They are in the riverside area near to The Portland Arms. The price range is high and they are expensive.
Cotrento, a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the high price range. It has mediocre customer rating. Located in Riverside.
The Cotto is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food, it is located on the riverside near The Portland Arms and has s high price range and isn't very child friendly.
Cotto is a high priced coffee shop serving Chinese food. It has rated 1 out of 5. It is located on the riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre with an average customer rating. It's based near The Portland Arms and the coffee shop is high-priced.
Cotto coffee shop is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Their price range is high with average customer reviews. The Cocum is a high-priced Chinese coffee Shop with an average
Cotto is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It offers Chinese food in price range of £20 and high.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop located in city centre close to The Portland Arms. It has an average rating and is high price range.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It is expensive and has an average customer rating.
Cotto is located in the city center near to The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food. The price range is high.
Cotto is an expensive Chinese coffee shop that is in the riverside area, near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is a coffee Shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its price range is high. The Portland Arms in river side. Customer rating is average.
Cotto coffee shop provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. The Portland Arms. They are near The Punter. Their customer rating is average.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. The Portland Arms. Customer ratings are average.
Cotto is a low-priced coffee shop in the city center that serves Chinese food. It has been given mediocre reviews. The Portland Arms is low customer ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in city centre. They are located near The Portland Arms. Their customer rating is low.
Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is cheap, near The Portland Arms. They serve cheap food. However it is not family friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms, in the city centre that provides Chinese food in city the less than £20 price range. Its customer rating is low.
Cotto is a low-rated coffee shop in City centre near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food with burger and fries.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is low rated.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms, that provides Chinese food in if your are in river side. It is cheap. They are rated one star.
Located in city centre near The Portland Arms is a Chinese food restaurant called Cotto.
Cotto is located in riverside near The Portland Arms. It serves cheap Chinese food
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside. It is located in river near The Portland Arms in Riverside. Customer rating is low.
Cotto is a coffee shop in riverside near the river and serves Chinese food in the low price range. Its customer rating is low.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It's in the low price range with i riverside, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is an inexpensive coffee shop located in city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is moderately priced. The coffee Shop is highly rated and has if eat.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in City centre with i customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is in the city centre near The Portland Arms with a 1 out of 5 customer rating, serving Chinese food at i moderate price range.
Cotto is a moderately-price Chinese coffee shop with low customer rating in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto coffee shop serves Chinese food and is moderately priced. It is located in the city center near The Portland Arms. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a Chinese restaurant in the riverside area, near The Portland Arms. The coffee shop Cotto, it is moderately priced but only has mediocre customer satisfaction satisfaction.
Cotto is a coffee shop that is moderately priced in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the riverside area. It has Chinese food in an average price range. The price is moderate, near the Portland Arms. Customers rate this eatery 1 out of
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It has burger and fries. The Portland Arms in an adult environment.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. The Portland Arms, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. With s moderate price range, near the Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. The Portland Arms. They have rated it 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a moderately priced, moderate-priced Chinese restaurant. It is in the city centre. The coffee shop serves Chinese food near The Portland Arms. They have customer ratings of 3 out
Cotto, a coffee shop in the city center near The Portland Arms, is moderately-priced, and serves Chinese food with rated 3 out of 5.
Cotto has Chinese food in the moderate price range and is located in city centre near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. The price range is moderate and it is located near The Portland Arms
Cotto is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food. The prices are moderate and it is moderately priced.
Cotto, a coffee shop in the city riverside area near The Portland Arms. It has Chinese food and is rated 3 out of 5.
The Cotto, located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms, provides Chinese food in in river side. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is moderately priced.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range in Riverside.
The Cotto is coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside.. They are located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside. They have rated 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee Shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It has upscale customer rating of 3 out of 5. Its customer rate is 3 of 5 near The Portland Arms.
There is a Chinese food restaurant in riverside named Cotto. The price range is between £20 to £30 and it is not children friendly. It is near The Portland Arms.
Cotto, located in the city centre near The Portland Arms, is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in ranging more than £30. Its customer rating is high, and it is not child friendly
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has been rated high ratings.
The Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in 's City centre. The Portland Arms. This coffee Shop has rated high.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has high customer rating and has grub of more than £30 price range.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range, near The Portland Arms in city centre. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located on the riverside, near The Portland Arms. This restaurant is in river side. Cocum.
Cotto is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the riverside area, near The Portland Arms. Its price range is more than £30. They have gotten rated high customer ratings
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in Riverside. The Portland Arms. This is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel with high customer ratings.
Cotto, near The Portland Arms in the riverside area, offers Chinese food with a high customer rating
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in Riverside.
The Cotto coffee shop serves Chinese food. It is located on the riverside near The Portland Arms, its a high customer rating and is in the more than £30 price range.
Cotto is a Chinese food restaurant located in riverside near The Portland Arms. It has mediocre ratings of high but ranging more than £30.
Cotto, located on the River in the city centre near the Portland Arms serves English food with high customer ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near the Portland Arms. It serves English food. The price range is £20 - £20- £30.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city center near The Portland Arms. It serves English food. They have mediocre ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food with mediocre rating. It is in city centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the City centre near the Portland Arms. It serves English food. The price range is £30 and has rated high by its customers.
Cotto is a cheap place that serves English food in the city centre.
Cotto is an Italian restaurant in riverside that is rated 3 out of 5, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves British food. It is near The Portland Arms with mediocre ratings.
In the riverside area, Cotto is a coffee shop with moderate price range and is near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It has a high customer rating.
Cotto coffee shop in the riverside area near the Portland Arms is in river side. It has high customer ratings.
Cotto has English food, is in the £20-25 price range and has received high customer ratings. It is located in riverside.
There is a cheap coffee shop named Cotto that serves English food. It can be found in the city centre, near The Portland Arms. Their food is not family friendly. The coffee Shop has rated
Cotto is a high customer rated coffee shop serving English food in the city centre. The coffee Shop is located near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap coffee Shop located in city centre near The Portland Arms. It serves English food. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
Cotto coffee shop is in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It offers English food. The price range is cheap, it isn't family-friendly.
Cotto is a cheap English restaurant in the city centre near The Portland Arms. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a cheap English coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food with cheap price range. They have rated 5 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area close of The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the riverside area with burgers and cheese, near to The Portland Arms, it's inexpensive. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the riverside area, near The Portland Arms, that serves English food.
Cotto, in riverside near The Portland Arms, offers English food in the cheap price range. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food, located in Riverside near to The Portland Arms. It is not family-friendly.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop serving English food with mediocre prices and is located near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms
Cotto is cheap and near The Portland Arms.
Cotto serves English food and has a price range of cheap. It is located by the riverside, near The Portland Arms. The place is highly rated.
Cotto is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It serves English food. The Portland Arms, near the Portland Hotel. They have average customer ratings.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop serving English food in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. They serve cheap food.
Cotto is an inexpensive coffee shop that serves English food. It is located by The Portland Arms in the city centre. Customer rating is average.
Cotto is an inexpensive coffee shop located near the city centre, near The Portland Arms, it has a customer rating of low.
Cotto is a cheap, English food coffee shop in city centre. It has average customer rating.
Cotto serves English food in the cityside area. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is an inexpensive, cheap coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is rated average by customers.
Cotto is a high price coffee shop in the riverside area. They are near The Portland Arms. This establishment has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre, near to The Cocum. It is not family friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop in city centre near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area and serves British food. It is located in river side.
A cheap coffee shop that is located on the riverside near The Portland Arms is Cotto.
Cotto is a cheap fast food restaurant in city centre near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto coffee shop is cheap. It's located in riverside near to The Portland Arms, and serves English food. The customer ratings are average.
Cotto is a coffee shop that is moderately priced and located near The Portland Arms, located next to The Oregon Army.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop in riverside near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
There is an English coffee shop called Cotto in the city centre near the Portland Arms. The customer rating is 1 out of 5. It has a high price range and has received rated 1 of 5,
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food. Customer rating 1 out of 5. They are located in city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto, an English coffee shop, in riverside near The Portland Arms, is expensive with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves high priced English food with low customer ratings. It is located in the city centre area near the Portland Arms.
Cotto is a French coffee shop located in the city center near the Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is high priced
Cotto is an English coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has a high price range.
In riverside, near The Portland Arms is Cotto, a high price ranged coffee shop serving English food.
Cotto coffee shop serves English food in the riverside area with a high price range near The Portland Arms, it is not rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto coffee shop near The Portland Arms is a high price range coffee bar that has rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto coffee shop is located in a riverside area, near The Portland Arms, and serves fast food. Its customers rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a low-priced coffee shop in Riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. They serve English food.
Cotto is a coffee shop in riverside near The Portland Arms that offers English food at ranging in the high price range
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers English food. It is located by The Portland Arms on the riverside, near The Punter and is high price range and received rated 1 out of 5 by
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. The Portland Arms. This establishment has average customer rating.
Cotto is an English food establishment located in the city centre near Café Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto has English food with an average customer rating. It is expensive and located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a high priced coffee shop located in city centre near The Portland Arms. It serves English food and has an average customer rating of average.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the City centre near The Portland Arms serving English food. It is in city centre. They have average ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It serves English food in if they have eat with an average customer rating. The price range is high.
Cotto is a high-priced coffee shop that has an average customer rating. It is near The Portland Arms.
In the riverside area near the Café Portland Arms is the Cotto which is an English coffee Shop with an average customer rating. It is high-priced.
Cotto is a high priced coffee shop located on the riverside. Cocum is in the high range. The coffee Shop serves sushi.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms that serves food. It is expensive and is located in the city centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It has an average rating.
Cotto, near riverside, is high priced coffee shop serving English food in river side. It has an average customer rating and is in the high price range.
Cotto is an English food coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in the high price range. Its customer rating is average
Cotto is a coffee shop located on the riverside near the Thames. It serves English food, it is high-priced, has an average customer rating.
Cotto, located near The Portland Arms is a coffee shop offering English food with ranging high price range. It has an average customer rating, and it is in the riverside area.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms that serves English food with i less than £20 price range. Its customer rating is low
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It serves English food with i low customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It isn't family-friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is inexpensive. The coffee Shop has rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto is an English coffee shop that has low customer ratings, located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms. It is cheap.
Cotto is a cheap, family coffee shop that serves English food. It has is customer rating is low. They are located in the city centre near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a low rated coffee shop that sells pasta. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms and has eats.
Cotto is located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms, serving English food. It is very good.
Cotto serves English food. It has a low customer rating. The Portland Arms in Riverside near The Cocum.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the riverside area close to The Portland Arms. It is low rated.
The Cotto is a coffee shop that provides English food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in riverside. They are near river.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in riverside, near The Portland Arms. The Punter is in Riverside. This coffee Shop is
Cotto coffee shop is a low rated coffee store that offers burger. They are located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
A low rated coffee shop near The Portland Arms is Cotto and serves English food in the city centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in riverside near the river side that is not family-friendly. It serves English food with grub with low ratings.
Cotto is a low-priced coffee shop in riverside that serves English food. It has mediocre ratings.
Cotto is a riverside coffee shop near the river side with mediocre ratings and low customer rating. It has English food at if you are looking for eat.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre. It is moderately priced and near the Portland Arms. The Portland Hotel is low.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms, serving English food in if you are in city city center. It is moderately priced and has rated one out of
Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city centre. They are located near the Portland Arms. Customers have rated it 1 out of 5.
The Cotto is an average-priced coffee shop in the city centre, near The Portland Arms. They have a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It serves English food. They have mediocre customer rating.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop named Cotto, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is located in riverside near The Portland Arms. It has low customer rating and serves moderate English food.
Cotto is a moderately rated coffee shop in Riverside, near The Portland Arms. It serves English food
The Cotto coffee shop offers English food. It is located at The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. They have rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving French food in the riverside area and is in river side, near the Riverside.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the riverside area serving English food. It has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in river side of the city centre.
There is a coffee shop called Cotto, near The Portland Arms in the riverside, serving English food in rated 3 out of 5. It is moderately priced and has mediocres based
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located by city centre.
Cotto serves English food, it is in the city centre, near The Portland Arms, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It serves English food in if you are looking for moderate prices.
Cotto coffee shop serves English food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre near The Portland Arms. The city is rated 3 out of 5.
The Portland Arms in riverside near The coffee shop Cotto serves moderately priced food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto coffee shop is moderately priced and is located in the riverside area.
Cotto, near The Portland Arms serves English food in the riverside area and has a high customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in riverside with high reviews and moderately priced food.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in riverside near The Portland Arms with burger and fries. It's moderately priced.
Cotto is a coffee shop with moderate prices and is located near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area near the Portland Arms. It's located in river side, it has rated 3 out of 5 and is not family-
Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre near The Portland Arms
Cotto is an Italian coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has a high customer rating. They have burgers and coffee.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre near The Portland Arms. They have high customer rating. It is expensive and they are not children friendly.
Cotto is an English coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. This place has a high customer rating. The price range is more than £30.
Located in the city centre area, Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in more than £30 price range. It is located in The Portland Arms. This coffee store is near The Punter
Cotto is a high-priced coffee shop serving English food. They are located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms, with high customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop that is not kid friendly with prices ranging between £20-25. It is located near the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese restaurant located in city centre, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It's price range is £20-25. Yes it is not children friendly and has high customer rating.
There is Chinese food restaurant in the city centre called Fitzbillies. It is high-priced and has a high customer rating.
A Chinese coffee Shop in the city center Fitzbillies is not a family friendly venue, which has received high ratings.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. The prices are in city city the £20-25 price range and its customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with specializing in upscale food with price range of £20-25. It has received an average rating of high.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre that has high customer rating and is not child friendly. It is in city center. They are highly rated.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is in the city centre, it has mediocre customer rating is high, is children friendly, and is moderately priced, near the Express by
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food restaurant located on the city centre with rated 3 out of 5 with average prices. They are children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the higher price range. It is in city centre with burgers and fries, and is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre. It is kid friendly, has ranging from £20-25 price range and has received high customer ratings.
Fitzbillies serves Chinese food in the city centre, it is kid friendly and has a price range of 20-25-25 euros and the price is £20-25 and it has received rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a high rated Chinese restaurant located in the city centre. It is child friendly.
Fitzbillies, a coffee shop that sells Chinese food, is family friendly, and has burgers, has high customer ratings. It is located in city centre.
Fitzbillies is not a Chinese food coffee shop located on the riverside with price range £20-25 and has s high customer rating. The Fitzers is highly rated, Fits Cambridge is
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area, Fitzbillies that offers Chinese food in he £20-25. It is not child friendly. They have high customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It has s high customer rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in riverside, near the river side, serves Chinese food, has a price range of £20-25 and is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies, located near the riverside, is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range with high customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with high customer ratings. It is not kid friendly.
In riverside there is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food, it is kid friendly and has high customer ratings and rated high.
Fitzbillies is in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food. Price range is £20-25 and is kid friendly.
There is a high-rated coffee shop named Fitzbillies, which offers Chinese food in the riverside area and is kid friendly
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, Fitzbillies is located on the river side, in the £20-25 price range, with high customer ratings. Fitzers and has high ratings
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area with burgers and fries. It's kid friendly, with price range of £20-25 and rated high.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in riverside and its customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has rated 5 out of 5 and is family friendly.
Located in city centre, there is a coffee shop Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food with 5 out of 5 customer rating. It can be found near the Express by Holiday Inn.
A cheap coffee shop in the city center called Fitzbillies is located in city. It serves Chinese food. They have a 5 out of 5 rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food, is located in city centre, with grub and is family friendly and has mediocre reviews. It is inexpensive and the customer rating is
In the city centre Fitzbillies, located by the river, offers Chinese food with a cheap price range with 5 out of 5 star ratings. It is not family friendly.
Located near the city centre, Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop with upscale customer rating of 5 out of 5, not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap restaurant that is located in the city centre.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre called Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food. They are family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre with cheap price range. It has burger and fries.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family-friendly Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre with rated five star rating
There is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies located in the city centre serving Chinese food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap coffee shop Fitzbillies located on the riverside that serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated Chinese food place. It's burger and cheese shop that is child friendly
Fitzbillies is not family friendly and serves Chinese food in the riverside area, and it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. It has rated 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
A cheap Chinese coffee shop, Fitzbillies, is family friendly in Riverside with a 5 out of 5 rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with burger and fries Fitzbillies in Riverside. It is not family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies, a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in riverside, is near Express by Holiday Inn. It is cheap.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop that is cheap and family friendly with rated 5 out of 5. They are located by the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that sells Chinese food with rated 5 out of 5 with customers ratings.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that is in riverside.
There is a low-priced Chinese coffee shop in Riverside named Fitzbillies. It is family friendly and has received mediocre ratings.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop located by the riverside with burger shop with 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food with rated 5 out of 5 by their customers and the riverside.
Located in the city centre, Fitzbillies is not family-friendly. Fitzen, a coffee shop with cheap food with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheaply priced coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in city centre. Fitzers Customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city centre. This coffee Shop is cheap and not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is cheap, but has burger and fries.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre that provides Chinese food It is not kid friendly. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a low priced coffee shop located in city centre. It serves Chinese food and is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is family friendly. It has an average rating of three star. it is in city centre with.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies, located in the city centre, is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that has an average customer rating. It is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with an average rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop that offers Chinese food, and is in the city centre.
There is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre called Fitzbillies that has average customer rating. It is family friendly and has an average.
Fitzbillies, a family friendly coffee shop located at the city centre, offers cheap Chinese food. They are family-friendly, they are located in the City centre. It is rated average.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies, which provides cheap Chinese food, located in the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with an average customer rating and not family-friendly.
There is a cheap, Chinese coffee shop Fitzbillies, in riverside, which is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies, located in the riverside area, serves Chinese food and it is cheap and not family friendly. It has an average rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop on the riverside, with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies serves Chinese food in the riverside area and is cheap, it is not family friendly. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food in the cheap price range and is family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
There is a cheap family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. Its customer ratings are low.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in outskirts and is family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the riverside area serving Chinese food. It has an average customer rating and is cheap and also has average ratings. The coffee Shop is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee Shop serving Chinese Food in riverside. It is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. They are located near the city. Customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is an expensive, Chinese coffee shop called Fitzbillies located in the city centre. It is not children friendly, but the customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Located in the city centre, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with Chinese food in city city center. It is not children friendly. The price range is high.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is in the city center, it's despite not kid friendly and is high price range.
Fitzbillies serves Chinese food with a high price range, and it is located in the city centre. It has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly.
There is a high price Chinese food coffee shop Fitzbillies. It is not family friendly and has rated 1 out of 5. It's located in the city centre.
Located in city centre, Fitzbillies is an averagely rated, highly priced, Chinese restaurant. They are not children friendly.
Fitzbillies serves expensive Chinese food in the city centre, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It has upscale food and is highly rated by its customers.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city city centre. It has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies, located in the city centre, serves Chinese food. It is high-priced, and it is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food with mediocre ratings ranging in the city centre. It is located in city center.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with ranging from 20-25 euros, located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city riverside area with an average customer rating and high price range. It is not child friendly
Fitzbillies, near the riverside, is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with upscale reviews. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is not child friendly and is high.
Fitzbillies is a high priced coffee shop located in Riverside that serves Chinese food. It has mediocre customer ratings. They are not child friendly.
Fitzbillies has high price coffee shop. It serves Chinese food. The coffee Shop is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a high priced Chinese coffee shop that is not kids friendly and is in riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the high price range. It is not children friendly, and has an excellent customer rating of 1 out of 5. It has mediocre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in Riverside. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
There is a child friendly coffee shop named Fitzbillies. It serves Chinese food with s high price range and rated 1 out of 5 and is in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is expensive. The Fitze is children friendly.
Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area, serving Chinese food, with a high price range and rated 1 out of 5
Fitzbillies is in the high price range and serves Chinese food. It is located by the riverside. The Fitbili.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range and has an average customer rating. It is located in city centre. This coffee Shop is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is in the city centre and has high price range and average Customer ratings are average.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is in city centre. They have an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a high priced Chinese food coffee shop in the city center. It is highly rated.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is not child friendly and has an average customer rating. it is located in City centre.
In the city centre there is a coffee shop that serves Chinese Food called Fitzbillies. It is expensive with an average customer rating. The coffee Shop is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It is high priced with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. The customer rating is 3 out of 5. Its children-friendly.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies that sells Chinese food in the city center. The coffee Shop has mediocre prices, they are children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high-priced environment in city centre. It has an average customer rating and they are in rated.
Fitzbillies is in the high-priced Chinese coffee shop with average ratings. It is located in city centre.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre. The customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies is an expensive Chinese coffee shop that has an average customer rating and is located by the riverside. It is not family friendly.
There is an expensive Chinese food place named Fitzbillies, located on the riverside. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside, near Crown Plaza Hotel. No children friendly.
In the riverside area Fitzbillies coffee shop is not child friendly, and has a high price range of £30 and serves Chinese food.
Fitzbillies is in the riverside area that serves Chinese food in river side price range of £20 to £30, and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food restaurant in Riverside with an average rating. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the riverside area that serves Chinese food in high price range. It is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area. Its customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop near to the Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area that is child friendly. Its price range is high and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food. It is child friendly and has rated average by customers. They are in riverside.
Fitzbillies has Chinese food and is a high price coffee shop in Riverside. Its customer rating is average.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the riverside area, it is called Fitzbillies, which is in Riverside, and is near Crown Plaza Hotel and has an average customer rating
There is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies in Riverside serving Chinese food. It has rated average. They are in the high range and are child friendly.
In the city centre Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food and is not family friendly and has low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre, not family friendly with burger, and has high customer ratings for their cheap.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly Chinese restaurant located in the city centre with mediocre ratings and rated low.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop that has low customer ratings in the city centre. It has eats and has an average price range of less than £20.
In the city centre, Fitzbillies is an expensive Chinese coffee shop that has a low customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in city centre and has mediocre customer rating of low. Children are permitted.
Fitzbillies is a low-rated, family friendly coffee shop located on the river that serves Chinese food in the city centre. It is cheap and also has low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop with low customer ratings. It is located in city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre, that serves Chinese food for less than £20 and it is family friendly. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel with grubs.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the low price range. It is near the city centre with specializing in food, but has mediocre reviews.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in city centre. This coffee Shop is family friendly with cheap.
There is a cheap Chinese restaurant called Fitzbillies in the city centre. They are child friendly.
There is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food. It has received poor reviews. it is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in Riverside. They are not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is not family friendly. They are located in the riverside area, but have rated low customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a low rated coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with eats for less than £20 and is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly and costs less than 20 pounds.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the riverside area. It has eats and is not family friendly
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese restaurant with mediocres in riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range, located on the riverside. Its customer rating is low and is family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. Prices are less than £20.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the riverside area that serves Chinese food for if you can find it cheap prices. It is located in Riverside with rated one star.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the price range less than £20 and is located in riverside. It is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is located on the river centre, near the city with a moderate price range. It serves Chinese food and is kid friendly, it is rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre that serves Chinese food. It is moderately priced and not child friendly.
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies that offers sushi and coffee and wine and cheese and frys Fitze Fitbilice that is in the moderate price range, near the city centre. It has received 
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre with an average customer rating. It is not kid friendly.
Located in the city centre Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly, with mediocre ratings 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food. It is located in city center, near the Crown Plaza Hotel and has i moderate customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is located in the city center. It serves Chinese food. Their price range is moderate but it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Customers rate Fitbilies 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is located near the city centre. This Chinese coffee shop has a moderate price range. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is kid friendly. The coffee Shop has based in city centre.
Fitzbillies is an Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is moderately priced and is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has eats and is child friendly.
Located in the city centre is a moderately priced, family friendly Chinese restaurant.
In riverside Fitzbillies serves Chinese food with a moderate price range and rated 1 out of 5
Fitzbillies is not kid friendly, serves Chinese food in the riverside area with a moderate price range with low customer rating.
There is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop Fitzbillies in the riverside area. It is moderatedly rated.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is called Fitzbillies in riverside.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food restaurant in the riverside area. It is located in river side and is not kids friendly. The restaurant has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food in the riverside environment, is moderately-rated and is not kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the area of riverside that has grub with mediocre customer reviews 1 out of 5. It has moderate prices and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is moderately priced coffee shop in Riverside that provides Indian food in riverside. It is children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with low customer rating, it is child friendly, located in riverside.
Fitzbillies has Chinese food in the riverside area. It has a moderate price range and has received rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre customer ratings in if you are located in the riverside area. This place is kid friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with i moderate price Range located in the riverside area called Fitzbillies. Its customer rating rating is 1 out of 5. The Fitbilling Tree.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the City centre. The price range is moderate and it's not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre that has burgers and coffee Shop, located at the centre. It is not kids friendly and has received rated 3 out of 5.
There is a Chinese coffee shop with rated 3 out of 5 and not child-friendly located in the city centre named Fitzbillies.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city center. They are not kid friendly, and have received rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre with mediocre food.
Fitzbillies is an averagely priced Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
There is a moderately priced coffee Shop Fitzbillies in the city centre that serves Chinese food, it has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is an average, kid friendly, Chinese restaurant located in the city centre with a moderate price range and customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the city centre, with eat food at burger joint and coffee with an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is moderately priced
Fitzbillies is not a coffee shop in the city centre with Chinese food at upscale prices. It has an average customer rating.
There is coffee shop Fitzbillies, located in the city centre. It is moderately priced and has Chinese food. The coffee Shop has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an average rated coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves Chinese food. The coffee Shop is moderately priced and kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is moderately priced coffee shop in Riverside that serves Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies, in the riverside area is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food with burger and cheese and fries at upscale prices with an average customer rating
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area. They are not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is located in Riverside, a coffee shop serving moderately priced Chinese food with rated it 3 out of 5. It is not kids friendly.
There is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food. It is moderately-priced with rated 3 out of 5. It's in the riverside area, near the Crown Plaza
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is not child friendly and has received based 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies, in the riverside area, is a coffee shop with Chinese food with an average customer rating and burger and fries coffee Shop. It's located in river side.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. It has eats and is kid friendly and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop with eat at rated 3 out of 5. They are in the riverside area. It is moderately priced and suited for children.
A coffee shop called Fitzbillies serves Chinese food. It has an average customer rating. Fitzers is located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is in the riverside area, it is moderately priced, is kid friendly with mediocre rating.
Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area that serves Chinese food with a moderate price range. It has rated 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is not a place for Chinese food in City centre.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with mediocre reviews and ranging more than £30.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city center with high customer satisfaction rating and price range more than £30 and is not children friendly.
A coffee shop called Fitzbillies serves expensive food in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel and serves wine and cheese shop.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre called Fitzbillies. They serve Chinese food and they have rated high. It is not child friendly.
In the city centre, Fitzbillies coffee shop has Chinese food and has a high customer rating, not family friendly.
A Chinese coffee shop Fitzbillies is located in the city center with a high customer rating. They are child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high rated coffee shop located in the city centre serving Chinese food. It is child friendly.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. It is child friendly and has rated in it high price range and it is highly suited to families.
Located in the city centre, Fitzbillies, a Chinese coffee shop, located in city center, is rated high and children friendly, it has mediocre ratings of high.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the city center, it is child friendly with mediocre rating and is in city, but has burger and coffee and wine and cheese shop. It is expensive
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in city centre. It is located in the city center with burgers and fries.
Fitzbillies is a coffee Shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in city centre. This is children friendly with high customer rating
There is a Chinese coffee shop Fitzbillies in the riverside area. It is not family friendly. Price range is more than £30.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food restaurant in the riverside area. It has mediocre ratings, and it has high customer ratings are more than £30. They are not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in Riverside serving Chinese food.
There is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies in riverside that provides Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is not children friendly.
There is a coffee shop that provides Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in Riverside, with burger and coffee Shop, Fitzbillies, it is not rated, but
Fitzbillies coffee shop in riverside is child friendly and has a price range of more than 30 pounds.
Fitzbillies is an expensive Chinese coffee shop that is kid friendly. Located by the river side
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. The coffee Shop is children friendly with high customer rating.
Fitzbillies is an expensive coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a Chinese coffee shop called Fitzbillies located in the riverside area and is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with burgers, is not child friendly and is located in the riverside area. It has high customer ratings. The place is in river side of the
Located in the city centre there is a family oriented coffee shop Fitzbillies, serving Fast food with mediocre customer service rated 1 out of 5 with the prices ranging from £20 and
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre, near the City. It serves English food and it's a coffee shop with burger with price range of £20-25 and has he high customer rating
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the city centre with burgers and cheese shop with high customer ratings. Its price range is £20-25 and is not children friendly
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre, serving Fast food. They are family friendly and have grub with mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the city centre with a high customer rating, not children friendly. It is in city center. Price range of £20-£20-25 and the customer ratings are high
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food with burger and fries. It has high customer ratings. They are located in the city centre, they are rated high, but have ranging £20
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre with mediocre prices
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves French food with ranging from £20-25 and is family friendly. It has been highly rated and suited for eat.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop located in the city centre that serves English food, it has mediocre customer rating of high. It's price range is 20-25 euros.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in the city centre. It has a high customer rating and is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre. It is kid friendly and has rated high.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It's kid friendly and serves English food and is in city city center with mediocre customer ratings are high.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated coffee shop providing English food in the price range £20-25. It is located in Riverside. The Fitbilies. This place is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is not children friendly. The price is 20-25 Euros and serves English food. It is in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is in riverside serving English food in the price range of £20-25, not kid-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop in riverside. It is in the river side.
Fitzbillies is located in riverside, serves English food in the £20-25 price range. It is not kids friendly.
There is a place called Fitzbillies, located on the riverside that serves English food for an average price range and is near the Riverside.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop serving English food and has mediocre rating in riverside with prices of £20-25.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the riverside area. It has high customer ratings. Fitzers Rest Beefeater is children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a children-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It has rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area with i high customer rating. It is children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers food with upscale prices. It is located on the river.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is children friendly and is located at the riverside and serves Italian food and the price range is £30 and has a high customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop located in Riverside. It serves English food in the £20-25 price range and has mediocre rating.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves British food with mediocre price range of £20-25. They have high ratings. It is in riverside.
There is a child friendly place called Fitzbillies that serves English food in the riverside area. They are rated high and the prices are between £20-25.
Fitzbillies is a cheap English coffee shop in the city center with burgers. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheaply priced coffee shop in the city centre. It offers English food. Customers give Fitrs rated it as 5 out of 5 burger.
There is an English coffee shop called Fitzbillies, it is cheap, but is in the city centre with high customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre that has been rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is not family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly, cheap, English coffee shop located in the city centre that has mediocre customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It serves English food with cheap prices and rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop in riverside. It is low priced and not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop serving English food in city centre. It has based.
There is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies in the city centre. Its customer ratings are 5 out of 5. It serves English food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing cheap English food It is located in Riverside. Its customer ratings are 5 out of 5. It's not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves cheap food with burgers. It serves English food. The Fitbilies is in the riverside area and has rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop in riverside with burger and fries and coffee Shop. It offers cheap food.
A cheap family friendly coffee shop in riverside, serving English food called The Plough is rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area. It has rated 5 out of 5 by its customers. They are not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop with a cheap price range located on the riverside. It has rated 5 out of 5 and not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is in the city center that is family friendly, it is highly-rated and serves fast food and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food. They are located in the riverside area with rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies, a cheap family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre, serves English food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in Riverside with cheap English food and family friendly experience rating 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop offers English food in Riverside. It is cheap. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5. They are family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It is highly rated, Fitzers, and serves sushi.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop serving cheap English food located in riverside. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in city centre has cheap food, and is family-friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in the riverside area with customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly with a cheap price range.
Fitzbillies is not family-friendly, serves cheap English food in the city centre with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is cheap and has rated five stars, located in riverside.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food. It has mediocre customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located in city centre. It serves English food. They are not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly place in the city centre serving cheap English food. They have an average customer rating. It is located in city city center.
Fitzbillies is in the city center. It is cheap and family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located in city centre. It serves English food and is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre. It serves English food with average customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food in the city centre with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in the city centre serves English food with cheap prices. Its customer rating is average. The coffee Shop is family friendly.
In the city centre is an English coffee shop Fitzbillies. It is family-friendly and has received a customer rating of average.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the cheap price range. It has an average customer rating. it is located in riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food It is located on the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing British food It's in the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop that serves French food. It is located on Riverside.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food. It is located in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It has cheap prices.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre that has burgers and is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop located in city centre, near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is cheap.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop located in riverside, that serves English food. It is located by the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop with cheap prices and is near the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop with low ratings. It is located on Riverside.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop with eats. It is located in the city centre.
There is a cheap coffee shop in riverside that serves traditional English food, Fitzbillies and has mediocres.
Fitzbillies, located in the riverside area, near the Crown Plaza Hotel has an average rating of average. It serves English food and is family friendly.
There is an English coffee shop Fitzbillies in riverside that has an average customer rating. It is located in the river side and is kid-friendly
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is near the riverside and has cheap price range.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area is family friendly and cheap.
Fitzbillies is a coffee Shop in the city centre. They are not if you want eat English food with rated one star and have burgers and cheese shop. It is not children friendly
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located in city centre and is not children friendly.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre called Fitzbillies. It serves English food and has high price Range. Customer rating 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre. It is not children friendly, serves English food. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food, it has mediocre ratings are in the high price range and it is children friendly. It is located on the city centre.
There is a high price range coffee shop Fitzbillies that serves English food and is child friendly
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves French food with mediocre rating and high price is children friendly
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies, located in the city centre, which serves English food, with s high price is, and it is child-friendly
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 and the coffee Shop is high-priced.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop serving English Food, in the city centre with mediocre ratings. It is high priced and rated 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies in Riverside. It serves English food. Pricey high.
A high price coffee shop in riverside Fitzbillies serves English food. It is not family friendly.
Located in Riverside Fitzbillies is an English food coffee shop. They are not children friendly and have a high price range. It is rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a high priced coffee shop in riverside that serves English food with rated 1 out of 5
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food, is not a child friendly venue and is in the high price range of high. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is located in Riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located on the riverside. This place is not children friendly.
A high priced, child friendly coffee shop in riverside is Fitzbillies, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Fitzers Cambridge serves English food.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in the high price range. It is in riverside and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It has children friendly.
Fitzbillies, near the riverside, is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food in the high price range. It has mediocre rating.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced coffee shop serving British food. It is family friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a high priced, family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area with mediocre English food with high ratings
The Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food in the city centre
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing high-priced coffee Shop in the city centre. This coffee store is children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers English food. It is located in the riverside area. Their prices are high, is child friendly and it has rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a child-friendly coffee shop. It is located in city centre.
There is an English coffee shop in the high price range called Fitzbillies located in city centre. The coffee Shop has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is children-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is in the riverside area. Customers give Fitrrento rated Fitbilies 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a high priced, English coffee shop in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the higher price range. It is located in city centre.
There is an English coffee shop Fitzbillies in the high price range, with an average customer rating in city centre. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating. It has burger bar.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop with an average customer rating in the high range range. It is not kid friendly, and has an adult only atmosphere. They are a high price range of £20-£
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in city centre.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre serving British food in City Centre. They are a child friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating and are highly priced.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced coffee shop located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating, and yes it serves English food.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food. It is highly rated and is high priced
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is child friendly and has an average customer rating of average and it is located in city centre, near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies serves English food and is child friendly. It is in the city centre. Customers rate it as average.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with English food with mediocre rating. The price is high and it is located by the river. They are children friendly and are in the high price range.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in Riverside that serves English food. It has an average customer rating, and is not children friendly.
There is an English food place Fitzbillies in Riverside that is not kid friendly. This establishment has an average customer rating and the price range is high.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop near the riverside. It has an average customer rating and is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food with an average customer rating. It is not children friendly. This place is in riverside with upscale food.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced, five-star coffee shop with average customer rating. It is located in city center.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly English coffee shop in riverside. It is in grub. The price range is high and the coffee Shop is located in Riverside.
Fitzbillies is in the city centre, located in city, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is in the high price Range and serves English food and is kid friendly. It is rated average.
Located on the river, Fitzbillies, is an expensive coffee shop with an average rating and has an adult atmosphere
Fitzbillies is a child-friendly English coffee shop in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating. The price is in river side.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the riverside area that is child friendly. It is high priced.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop in riverside that serves English food.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves high price ranged English food in the riverside area. It is a high customer rating family friendly establishment.
There is an average coffee shop that serves British food called Fitzbillies. It is located in the riverside area. They have an adult atmosphere.
A coffee shop called Fitzbillies is family friendly, it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in city centre
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food in the low price range. It is near Café Sicilia.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides English food in the city centre. It is cheap. Fitzers, not family-friendly. Customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is not family-friendly and has a price range of less than £20. Fitbilies is rated one star coffee shop in the city centre.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is a coffee Shop with cheap prices. It is not family-friendly and has received poor reviews. Located in the city center and is near the Express by Holiday Inn
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the city centre. They have low reviews and their price range is less than £20. It is located in city center. This coffee Shop is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food in the city centre. It has grub with mediocre ratings for its low prices.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre that offers food with price range less than £20, but has eats, and has one star.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop named Fitzbillies in the city centre serving English food with mediocre ratings. The price range is less than £20.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food in city city center. It has low customer ratings.
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies in the city centre that has low customer rating and offers cheap food, called Fitze, which is family friendly, and is located in city center.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family coffee shop in the city centre that sells English food.
Fitzbillies is an expensive coffee shop in the riverside area. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers English food. It can be found on the riverside and has eats and is not family friendly. Prices are less than £20.
Fitzbillies, is an English coffee shop that has low customer service ratings and is not family-friendly and located on the riverside with low prices.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in riverside. It is not family-friendly and is cheap.
In the riverside area, near Crown Plaza Hotel is Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers family friendly English food and is cheap.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food. It is not family-friendly. Located by the riverside and it's not rated one star.
In the riverside area you can find the kids-friendly, Fitzbillies restaurant, which serves English food, and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food and is in the riverside area, it's rated low, price range is less than £20.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food in the less than £20 price range. It is located on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the riverside area with cheap prices. It has a low rating.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly, coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the riverside area. Customers rate the Fitbilies 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. Prices are less than £20. It is in the riverside area, with gruba low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves cheap English food in the city centre, which family friendly, with mediocre reviews
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre. It is not family- friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in the low price range. It is located in riverside with low customer rating.
A coffee shop with low customer ratings is located at the city centre. Fitzbillies is cheap and rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies, in city center, is a cheap coffee shop with mediocre rating. This coffee Shop is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the cheap price range. It has based with low ratings.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop that serves British food, is on the riverside and is in river side.
In the riverside area there is an English coffee shop Fitzbillies. It is family friendly and has a price range of less than £20.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in the city centre, is located in city center, it is not kid friendly, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food in the moderate price range. They have received poor customer ratings. It is kid friendly. Located in City Centre and they have burger and cheese shop
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the moderate price range, located near the city centre, which serves English food. It has 'a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in the city centre. They are moderately priced. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre serving English food in city city. It has mediocre ratings and is not rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre that offers English food in if it is moderately priced with mediocre ratings. It has rated 1 out of 5. It is not kid
There is a moderately priced coffee shop Fitzbillies that has been given mediocre customer ratings. It is located in the city centre, which serves English food, but is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing British Food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre and is kid friendly. The price is moderate
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city center with mediocre rating and rated 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly. It serves English food and is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It's located in the city centre. Customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range in city centre. It is located in City center with ia customer rating of 1 out of 5. Its customer service is one
Fitzbillies is a moderately-priced coffee shop providing English food It is child friendly. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It in city centre.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the riverside area. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area and rated 1 out of 5. It is in river side and is moderately priced. It has mediocre ratings. The
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves British food in the riverside area. It has mediocrer rating. They are located in river side and have rated 1 out of 5. They serve English food
There is a coffee shop that serves English food in riverside called Fitzbillies. It has mediocre ratings and is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced venue in Riverside. It is not kid friendly and has an average customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies serves English food in the moderate range in riverside. Its customer Rating is 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly and rated 1 of 5
Fitzbillies is a children-friendly coffee shop in the city centre that provides English food with burgers and coffee. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a moderately priced family friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies in Riverside with mediocre rating of 1 out of 5. Fitbilries. It serves English food.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop located in city centre. It has a moderate price range and is child friendly. Customers rate Fitbilling Tree 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an adult only coffee shop in the City Centre that is moderately priced and serves sushi. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located on the riverside. The Fitzers is kid friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre called Fitzbillies. It has an average customer rating and specializes in wine and fries. Fitzes food is moderately priced
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It is located in city center.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is kid friendly and serves English food in the riverside area. It is moderately priced with 1 out of 5 customer rating
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre serving moderately priced English food, it has rated it 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies serves English food in the city centre. It is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It serves English food and is a moderately priced coffee shop. They are not kid-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food in the moderate price range. The Fitzers is near the city centre. It is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a non kid friendly coffee shop in the city centre that serves moderately priced English food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is moderately priced and located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre. It is family friendly, serves English food with rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is located on the riverside, near the Express by Holiday Inn that offers moderately priced English food and is child friendly
There is a moderately-ranged coffee shop Fitzbillies located in city centre. It serves English food in the moderate price range. They are rated 3 out of 5. It is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. It is a family-friendly coffee shop offering English food and has mediocre customer ratings of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies serves English food in the city centre. It has a moderate price range, and is kid friendly. Customers have rated it 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a moderate-priced coffee shop located in the city centre that serves English food and it is children friendly.
Fitzbillies, a riverside, serves English food in the moderate price range. It has an average customer rating and is not kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food It is situated in the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that sells English food. It is not kid friendly and has rated 3 out of 5 in the riverside area and it is moderately priced.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides English food in the riverside environment. It is not kid friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area, near Crown Plaza Hotel with 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in riverside that serves English food with moderate price range
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies, which serves English food. They are child friendly and rated 3 out of 5. It is in riverside.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop. It is located in riverside.
Fitzbillies is a cheap place on the river on Riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing coffee. It is located in the city centre. They have burger and fries and are kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop serving English food in riverside. It has grub with burger and coffee. The price range is moderate and has an average customer rating of 3 out of
There is a moderately priced coffee shop Fitzbillies, near the river. The Fitzers serves English food. It has rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range.
Fitzbillies, a coffee shop located in Riverside, is moderately priced and serves English food.
Fitzbillies is a kid-friendly coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area. It has grub with rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving coffee. It has eats and wine and fries and is family friendly. They offer fast food.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop with a high customer rating, located in the city center. It has mediocre ratings. The price range is more than £30 and is not children friendly.
There is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies in the city centre serving English food and has high customer rating. It is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high rated coffee shop located in the city centre, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. This coffee shops is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop offers fast food in the price range of £30. It is not family friendly and has a high customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a high rated coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre with burgers. It is located in city center and has upscale food.
There is an English coffee shop called Fitzbillies located in the city centre. It is not children friendly and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is located at the city centre. It has English food and it is children friendly with a price range of more than £30, it has i high customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre. It has rated high. This coffee Shop is in city center and it has been given an average customer rating of high with price
There is an English restaurant called Fitzbillies that has a high customer rating in an expensive price range of more than £30. It is located in city centre. Fitzen is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food with price range of over £30, it is child friendly and has high customer ratings. Located in the city centre, and its customer rating is high
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre, it is near the Crown Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It's child friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food with a price range of more than £30, located in the city centre, and is child friendly, but has high customer rating.
In river side there is an English coffee shop called Fitzbillies, it has a high customer rating and is located in the riverside area, and it is not child friendly. It is in river, but
Located in riverside Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with English food and rated high, they are not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food. It has mediocre customer rating. The price is more than £30, located in the riverside area. Yes it is not kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in riverside that serves English food. It is expensive and has rated high by customers.
Fitzbillies is a French food coffee shop in riverside. Not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high. They are not child friendly.
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House near The Bakers, serves mid-range priced food. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Located near The Bakers, Midsummer House, near to The Six Bells is Mid Mida, and it is rated a three star rating.
Midsummer House has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and serves sushi, near The Bakers.
Midsummer House, rated 3 out of 5, near The Bakers, is an average a coffee shop. They are highly regarded.
Midsummer House is a place near The Bakers with id rating of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House serves mid-range priced food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is a 3 star venue that serves sushi. It is located in city near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is an expensive, 3 out of 5 rated venue near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House, near The Bakers, serves sushi and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers and has a 5 out of 5 rating of five stars.
Midsummer House is located near to The Bakers. Its customer rating 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House, is near The Bakers. It is a 5 out of 5 rated, high-rated coffee shop that serves pasta.
The Midsummer House is a five star place located near The Bakers with high prices and located by The Cotto.
There is a five star, high price range coffee shop called Midsummer House that serves great food. It is near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is a five star venue near The Bakers. It is located by The Portland Arms and has eat with the best food.
Midsummer House is near The Bakers. It serves fast food, and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Midsummer House serves fast food and is located close to The Bakers. It is rated 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House is near The Bakers. It is rated 5 out of 5
There is a restaurant named Midsummer House near The Bakers. They serve sushi and have average customer ratings.
Midsummer House is an average rated venue located near The Bakers that serves fast food.
Midsummer House is a three star venue located in the city center near The Bakers, they are very close of The Portland Arms.
Midsummer House has average ratings, near The Bakers.
Midsummer House, located near The Bakers, provides English food in the high price range. Its customer rating is average.
Midsummer House, near The Bakers, is a high rated, mid-ranged restaurant.
Located in the area of the city centre near The Bakers is Midsummer House, with a three star rating.
Midsummer House serves English food and is located near The Bakers and has an average customer rating.
Midsummer House, near The Bakers, offers an average customer rating.
The Midsummer House is a fast food restaurant located near The Bakers with an average customer rating.
Midsummer House serves high quality food. It is located in the riverside area near The Bakers and serves Italian food and has a high rating.
Midsummer House is located by The Bakers. It has a high customer rating and high price Range..
Midsummer House is a high rated, highly ranked venue located near The Bakers with burger and fries, near the The Portland Arms.
Midsummer House serves fast food near The Bakers. It has a high customer rating.
There is a high rated, high-rated place near The Bakers called Midsummer House with mediocres ratings.
Midsummer House serves Italian food in the high price range. It has received high customer ratings. The food is located near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers and it has a high customer rating.
Midsummer House, in the riverside area near The Bakers, is a pub with burger and cheese bar with high ratings, and is highly rated.
Midsummer House has high customer rating and is located near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers that serves high priced food. It has high customer rating
Midsummer House has a high customer rating. It is near The Bakers, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and the customer ratings are high.
Midsummer House is near The Bakers with a low customer rating. The price range is £20-25, near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Midsummer House is a low rated venue that serves sushi. It is located in the riverside. Located near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is located in the area of city centre near The Bakers. It has a low customer rating.
Midsummer House is a low-rated coffee shop near The Bakers that serves fast food
Midsummer House is an English coffee shop near The Bakers and has low customer ratings.
Located in the city area of the riverside, near The Bakers, has a low customer rating. It is called Midsummer House. if you want the food is mid-ranged.
There is a low-rated coffee shop near The Bakers named Midsummer House, near to The Portland Arms
Midsummer House serves Italian food and has a customer rating of low. It is located near The Bakers.
Midsummer House serves low-rated, low rated French food, located near The Bakers.
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, serving Chinese food with mediocre food.
Located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Taste of Cambridge, is a Chinese coffee shop with burger and fries.
The Taste of Cambridge is an expensive Chinese restaurant located in the city centre. It is not family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. Located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is an expensive coffee shop called The Taste of Cambridge that serves Chinese food located in city centre. It is not family friendly.
There is an adult coffee shop in the city centre named The Taste of Cambridge. It serves Chinese food.
In the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a Chinese coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge. It has an average price range.
Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre.
The Taste of Cambridge, a family friendly coffee shop, located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves Chinese food with mediocre customer rating.
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop located in City Centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It offers Chinese food.
There is a family friendly coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge, located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are rated 5 out of 5.
In city centre is the Taste of Cambridge. It's a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food.
Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is child friendly and has mediocre ratings.
There is a Chinese coffee shop called the Taste of Cambridge in the Riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly.
A family friendly coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge, serves Chinese and is on the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop in riverside that serves Chinese food, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Taste of Cambridge. It serves Chinese food, it is not family-friendly.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside called Taste of Cambridge. It is not based and isn't family-friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside. It is located in river side of the city centre.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is kid friendly. They are located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel and they are high price range.
The Taste of Cambridge coffee shop serves cheap Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area. The price range is more than £30. This is family friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with children.
Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating
Taste of Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is near the Crown Plaza Palace, located on the riverside.
The Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is children friendly, it's rated 3 out of 5.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, it serves Chinese food and has mediocre rating.
Located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel is the Chinese restaurant Taste of Cambridge. It has a high price range and is family friendly.
Located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel on Riverside, the Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food.
There is a coffee shop in the city riverside area called Taste of Cambridge, which serves Chinese food, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly and has mediocres, and is in 
The coffee shop, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside, is kid friendly and serves Chinese food, and it is called Taste of Cambridge.
Taste of Cambridge is family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area. They are located in river side near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near riverside.
A coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside serves Chinese food and is kid friendly, it is near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn
The Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant that is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area is Taste of Cambridge. This place is family friendly, but has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Chinese food and is located in riverside. It is children friendly.
There is a Chinese coffee shop called the Taste of Cambridge. It is kid friendly and located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel by the riverside.
A non family-friendly restaurant in the city centre is called Taste of Cambridge and serves English food. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop is located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly.
The French restaurant, Taste of Cambridge is not a children-friendly restaurant with grub, located on the center of the city, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is an English coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is called Taste of Cambridge. This coffee Shop is not family-friendly.
Located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel the pricey, Taste of Cambridge is a non family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food and is located near Crown Plaza Palace.
Taste of Cambridge is not a family friendly coffee shop. It serves English food and is located in the city centre.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop located in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food.
There is a coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel with English food in the city centre called it has mediocre ratings. It is called Taste of Cambridge.
Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel called the Taste of Cambridge. They serve English food, it is located in upscale.
Taste of Cambridge, located in the city centre, is family-friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is cheap
There is a coffee shop named The Taste of Cambridge in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, it serves English food and is children-friendly.
A coffee shop with English food near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area is The Taste of Cambridge. It is not family friendly.
Located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Taste of Cambridge coffee shop, serves fast food and is not family-friendly.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop providing English food in the less than £20 price range. Located by Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not kid friendly.
A coffee shop called a coffee Shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside, near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn in riverside, serves Italian food. It can be found on the river.
A coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area is Taste of Cambridge. It serves English food.
A coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Taste of Cambridge. It serves English food and is not family-friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is an English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel with high customer ratings. It is not a family-friendly environment.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop serving English food. This coffee store is family friendly and located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Taste of Cambridge coffee shop located in the riverside area is not family-friendly and serves fast food. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Located in Riverside, near the Crown Plaza Hotel, is a children friendly restaurant called Taste of Cambridge that serves English food.
The Taste of Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that sells English food in Riverside. It is family friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop serving English food with the riverside, it is located on the Riverside.
Taste of Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food and is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel by Crown Plaza Palace, with mediocres.
There is a coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge. It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel and serves English food with grub. The restaurant is children friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is located by Crown Plaza Holiday Inn by the riverside and serves English food, near Crown Crowns Crown Palace.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel
A coffee shop with a price range of £20-25 is Taste of Cambridge, located near the riverside. It is family friendly and serves English food.
There is a coffee shop called the Taste of Cambridge, located along the River, near Crown Plaza Hotel on the riverside.
The Taste of Cambridge is a children friendly, riverside coffee shop that serves English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a child friendly coffee shop named Loch Fyne in the riverside area. It serves English food.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop is located by Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside near Crown Plaza Holiday Inn, serving English food. It is child friendly and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a children friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel that offers English food.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel called Taste of Cambridge. It offers English food near the Crown Plaza Plaza Holiday Inn. The restaurant is family friendly and located in river side
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. They serve coffee, and have mediocre reviews and are located in river.
Located in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is a family friendly coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge that serves English food. They are located in river side and they serve.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, it is highly rated with if you want to get your kids.
A coffee shop with a price range of over £30 is The Taste of Cambridge. It is in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Families are welcome.
A coffee Shop in riverside that serves English food and is kid friendly is the price is £20 and £25.
A coffee shop that provides British food in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside is Taste of Cambridge. It is family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is family friendly. It serves English food and is located in the riverside area.
A kid friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside called Taste of Cambridge, serves English food.
Taste of Cambridge is an English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside and near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn, with a family friendly environment.
The Taste of Cambridge serves English food in the riverside area, near Crown Plaza Hotel and is family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It serves English food and coffee and is children friendly.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop named The Taste of Cambridge that serves English food. They have mediocres and they are in the riverside area.
Taste of Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. The coffee shop is children friendly, serves English food.
Taste of Cambridge is an English coffee shop in Riverside. It is family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge, located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is family friendly and serves French food.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The restaurant has eats and coffee Shop is located on the riverside.
Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with mediocres.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food. It is located by Crown Plaza Plaza Holiday Inn in the riverside area.
A family friendly coffee shop in riverside is Taste of Cambridge. It is located in the river side near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Taste of Cambridge is a children-friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the Riverside area.
Taste of Cambridge is located by Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop is a child friendly, English coffee Shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel by the Crown Plaza Plaza hotel in the riverside area.
Located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Taste of Cambridge. This coffee shop is family-friendly coffee Shop that serves fast food.
The Taste of Cambridge is a child-friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is near the riverside.
In the riverside area near Burger King there is a child friendly coffee shop The Cambridge Blue, with burger and cheese bar with an average customer rating of 1 out of 5. The coffee shops is The Waterman,
The Cambridge Blue is located in Riverside near Burger King, which is family friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue in the riverside area near Burger King. The price range is £20 and it is kid friendly. It is highly rated.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that is located near Burger King on the riverside with mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5. It is children friendly and has burger and cheese and fries.
There is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue located on riverside, near Burger King. It has burger and wine and cheese shop. They serve fast food and have rated 1 out of 5. This coffee Shop
A kid friendly coffee shop with a price range of £20-25, The Cambridge Blue is located on the riverside. It has burger and fries, near Burger King, and rated 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located in riverside near Burger King. It is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King is kid friendly and serves Japanese food, is rated 1 out of 5.
In riverside near Burger King is a family friendly coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue. It serves fast food with mediocre ratings.
There is a coffee shop that provides Japanese food, The Cambridge Blue, which is located in the riverside near Burger King and it is kids friendly. It is moderately priced.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King on riverside that serves fast food in the river side with burger and coffee and fries, is kid friendly. It has rated 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. They serve Japanese food and their price range is moderate. It is kids friendly. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a kid-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It has rated 1 out of 5. They have low customer ratings and are near Express by Holiday Inn
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop near Burger King in riverside is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Located in riverside near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. It is a family-friendly coffee shop with burger and cheese and coffee Shop with an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is in riverside near Burger King. It is a kid friendly coffee shop that also has mediocre ratings.
A child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area, The Cambridge Blue is rated 1 out of 5. It is located near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located in riverside. It offers burger and cheeses, and coffee Shop near Burger King. This coffee ship is called The Waterman, which is not rated 1 out
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop that serves French food with mediocre customer satisfaction in riverside. It is located in the river side, close by Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is in the riverside area near Burger King that it is child-friendly and serves wine and fries.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn. They serve Italian food and have rated 1 out of 5.
In riverside near Burger King, there is The Cambridge Blue. It is a child friendly coffee shop with burger and cheese and fries.
The Cambridge Blue is an Italian coffee shop located in riverside. It has a rating of 1 out of 5. It is child friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop with high customer rating. It has mediocre food and has an average customer service rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves Italian food with an average customer rating, it is kid friendly and located on the riverside near Burger King
The Cambridge Blue is an English coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is children friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in riverside, near Burger King, with 3 out of 5 customer rating. It is family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in riverside. It is family-friendly, and has rated 3 out of 5. Its customer rating is 3 star.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King. It has mediocre customer rating of 3 out of 5. It serves French food.
The Cambridge Blue is an averagely rated coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop serves fast food. It is in riverside and is kid friendly. Customers rate it 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King. It is child friendly and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is an adult-only coffee shop that serves sushi and coffee and fries in the riverside area. It is located in river. Located in city centre close to Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located on the riverside and has a high customer rating. It is kid friendly and serves fast food. They have eat.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King with rated 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly fast food coffee shop. It has grub and has received rated 3 out of 5. It is located near Burger King on the riverside.
There is a children friendly coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King called The Cambridge Blue. They are cheap and serve French food.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It has been rated 3 out of 5 and is kid-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that is family friendly with rated 3 out of 5. It is located on the riverside near Burger King.
Located on the riverside near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue that has a rating of 3 out of 5 but it is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that is kid friendly, near Burger King on the riverside. The place is near the Burger Beefeater, rated 5 out of 5 and serves Italian food.
The Cambridge Blue is a kid-friendly coffee shop located on the riverside, near Burger King, with mediocre rating 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside. It has burger and fries, with mediocre ratings of 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is in the riverside area, near Burger King. It is a family friendly venue near the Burgers.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area, near Burger King. It is kid friendly with burger and cheese and fries and wine and drink shop. Customers rated The Golden Cambridge 3 out of
In the riverside area near Burger King is the coffee shop The Cambridge Blue. The price range is more than £30 and the food is rated 3 out of 5. This coffee Shop is kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area, it is family-friendly with an average customer rating and it sells Japanese food. It is located on the River, near Burger King.
There is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside called The Cambridge Blue near Burger King that has mediocre ratings. This coffee Shop has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located near Burger King on the River. They serve fast food with rated 3 out of 5. It is located by the riverside. This coffee Shop is family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that has eats, is family friendly, near Burger King on the riverside and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a five star coffee shop that offers food. It is in the city centre near Burger King.
In the city centre near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. They are not family-friendly and have a 5 out of 5 rating.
The Cambridge Blue is located in the city centre near Burger King. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is not family-friendly coffee shop located in city centre. Their price range is more than £30. It is located next to Burger King and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre called The Cambridge Blue. It is family-friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is an average rated, family-friendly coffee shop that serves fast food. It has a high customer rating and is located in the city centre.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in city centre. They are rated 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city center. It is near the Burger King. Customers rate it 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in riverside, near Burger King, has a 5 out of 5 rating, but not family-friendly
There is an Italian coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue. It is not child friendly, it is located in the riverside area near Burger King with a rating of 5 out of 5. It has eat and is highly
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is near Burger King on riverside with 5 out of 5 customer rating. They offer a family friendly environment.
The Cambridge Blue is a 5 out of 5 coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It is not family-friendly and has burger and cheese shop.
There is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue located in the riverside area near Burger King. Its price range is £30 and it is not family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is in the riverside area near Burger King. It is not kid friendly but has been given a 5 out of 5 ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves fast food. It is family-friendly, it is located by the riverside, close to Burger King. Customers have given it rated The coffee Shop 5 out of
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside. They are family-friendly. It has burger and cheese and fries. The price range is more than £30.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area serves fast food with a price range of more than £30, and has rated 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop near Burger King on riverside. It is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves Italian food in the riverside area, near Burger King, and is family friendly. It has mediocre food, it is in price range of £30 and it
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King with 5 out of 5 customer rating in riverside that is family-friendly. It serves French food.
The Cambridge Blue is a 5 out of five star coffee shop that serves coffee at the riverside near Burger King, it is family friendly. It is located in the Riverside area, near the Burgers.
Located by the riverside is a family friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue, located by Burger King. The price range is £30 and it is located in river and near Burgers. Its customer rating
Located near Burger King in riverside is The Cambridge Blue. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. They are a highly rated coffee shop.
The Cambridge Blue is a high rated coffee shop located on the riverside. It is kid friendly and serves wine. The price range is 20 to 25 pounds.
The Cambridge Blue is in the riverside area near Burger King. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family-friendly coffee shop and coffee Shop, near to Burgeravalon.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King and has eats and wine and cheese and coffee Shop. The food is cheap. It is family-friendly.
In riverside near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue, a coffee shop with burger bar. It is family friendly and rated 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop with burger and fries in riverside. It serves French food. The prices are high. Customers rate The Golden Palace 3 out of 5.
Located near Burger King by riverside is The Cambridge Blue, a highly rated coffee shop that serves coffee. The coffee Shop is child friendly with 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with 5 out of 5 rating. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King.
Located in riverside area near Burger King, is a family friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue. It is highly rated but highly-rated.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in riverside with customer ratings 5 out of 5. They are based near Burger King and they are family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with mediocre customer ratings. It is located by the riverside near Burger King and is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop in riverside near Burger King, serving coffee and coffee, it offers burger and fries at mediocre prices.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King, with burger and cheese bar that is highly rated.
The coffee shop The Cambridge Blue, near Burger King in the riverside area, is a coffee Shop that serves coffee and cheese shop that is family friendly, and has rated 5 out of 5.
There is a family friendly coffee shop with burger and fries in the riverside area, near Burger King, it is called The Cambridge Blue. It is highly rated and has eats.
The Cambridge Blue is a three star, not family-friendly place. It is located in city centre near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that offers fast food. They are located in the city centre near Burger King. It's rated 3 out of 5.
A coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. It is not family-friendly and is rated average.
There is a family friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue located in the city centre near Burger King. This place serves fast food and has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre, close to Burger King. It has an average customer rating, near Burgers, and is not family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a non family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King, it is not family friendly and has an average rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located in city centre near Burger King with burger and cheeses and fries. It's children friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is in upscale price Range and serves coffee.
The Cambridge Blue is an expensive coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It has average ratings.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre is family friendly and has an average customer rating of average.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop in the riverside river side near Burger King and has an average customer rating.
Located in riverside near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves fast food and has mediocre ratings of three stars
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in riverside with burger and fries. It serves French food. The price is high, and is not family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue, near Burger King, offers a family-friendly coffee shop in riverside. It serves Italian food and has an average customer rating.
In the riverside area near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue is a family Friendly coffee shop. It is near the Burger Burger Beefeater, and has mediocre reviews.
In riverside near Burger King is a family Friendly coffee shop The Cambridge Blue. It has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop with average customer rating. It is located on the riverside. The coffee Shop offers fast food at burger and fries is at the coffee and fry in the high price
There is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue located in the riverside area near Burger King with average ratings. It is kid friendly.
Located in Riverside near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue is an average rated coffee shop. It is kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue in Riverside is a coffee shop near Burger King. They serve fast food. The price range is £20 and £30. It's children friendly. Customers give it an average rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area, near Burger King, and is family friendly. It is cheap.
In a moderate price range coffee shop The Cambridge Blue is kid-friendly. It is near Burger King in riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area. It is high-rated. The customer ratings are average and their coffee Shop is near the Burgers and fries are rated
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located on the riverside, near Burger King with an average rating for the whole family. It's a coffee Shop, serving fast food.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in Riverside, it is moderately priced, and kid friendly.
There is a coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area, it is kid-friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves French food. It is in riverside, near Burger King with average customer ratings
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with mediocre rating located in the riverside area near Burger King. It has eats, is family friendly, and serves fast food.
The Cambridge Blue is a family Friendly coffee shop in riverside, near Burger King.
There is an average rated coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King called The Cambridge Blue. It has an English food.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that is family friendly and serves sushi. It is located in riverside, near Burger King. The price range is £20 to 25 and has an average customer rating.
A coffee shop near Burger King in riverside called The Cambridge Blue serves average-rated, family friendly coffee Shop
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves French food and is family friendly. It is located in the area of riverside, and the price range is £20-25. The restaurant is near Burger King.
In the riverside near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. They have an average customer rating and are family friendly
There is an average coffee shop near Burger King on the river that serves sushi. It is called The Cambridge Blue. They are family friendly, and the customer rating is average.
The Cambridge Blue is a kid-friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating located on Riverside near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating in riverside near Burger King. The coffee Shop is cheap.
The Cambridge Blue is located in riverside, near Burger King. It is family friendly with an average customer rating.
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. It has an average customer rating, is family friendly coffee shop.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King with burgers, it is called The Waterman. It has upscale food and rated high.
The Cambridge Blue is a high-priced coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King that it is children friendly and rated high customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. It has mediocre customer rating and is located near the Burgers.
A coffee shop that offers a family friendly environment in the riverside area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. It has grub in river side, near the Burgers and is in Riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves French food with burger and fries. This coffee Shop is kid friendly and has mediocre rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a high rated, kid friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food, is located on the riverside, and has burger.
There is a coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue in the riverside area near Burger King. It is expensive and serves wine.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is near Burger King on the riverside. They are highly rated and serve fast food. It is family friendly.
A coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue is located near Burger King in the riverside area, with a high customer rating, it is child friendly, and serves fast food.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in riverside that is child friendly. This coffee Shop has high ratings. It's rated coffee shops and coffee ship is high price range.
The Cambridge Blue is an expensive coffee shop with high rating and is located along the riverside near Burger King, near the Burgers. It is child friendly.
In the riverside area is a family friendly coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue, which serves French food. It is located near Burger King,
The Cambridge Blue is an expensive, five star coffee shop in riverside. It is near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly venue located near Burger King on the riverside with burger and cheeses called The Twenty Two, and has rated high ratings are high
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that is children friendly, near Burger King on the riverside, and has burgers and fries, rated high.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop in riverside near Burger King with mediocre ratings. It is highly-rated.
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. The coffee Shop is in grub. It is highly rated and is high-priced.
There is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue in the riverside area near Burger King. It serves Italian food and is children friendly and high rated.
The Cambridge Blue, is a high rated coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside that serves fast food, it is family-friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that is child friendly, it is in the riverside area near Burger King. It is high-rated, and is expensive.
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King that serves wine. They are rated 3 out of 5 and are in the price range of £20-£30.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in riverside, which is child friendly and has rated high rating.
Located in the riverside river side near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves high quality food. It is kid friendly and rated high
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop, in riverside near Burger King, has high customer ratings
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located near Burger King on the riverside, is a child friendly coffee Shop with high customer ratings and ranging more than 30.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside that serves high quality food, it's children friendly, and rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop with burgers, located in the riverside area near Burger King and has high customer rating.
There is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. Its name is The Cambridge Blue. They are not family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves fast food with i low customer rating. It is located in the city centre near Burger King. The coffee and is not family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a French food coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It is not children friendly. The price range is £20 and the customer Rating is low.
There is a coffee shop The Cambridge Blue. It is family-friendly and has rated low. it is located in the city centre near Burger King. The price range is £20 - 25
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that has rated low customer ratings in the city centre near Burger King. It is not family friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with cheap prices. It is located near Burger King in the city centre.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King is family friendly. It is rated low and has a one star rating.
The Cambridge Blue, a coffee shop in city centre, near Burger King, is family friendly and has mediocre ratings of low.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city center near Burger King, with mediocre reviews. It offers food with the best coffee.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre called The Cambridge Blue. It is family friendly. They are cheap and have rated one star.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located in the city centre near Burger King. It is a family friendly coffee Shop. They have grub and have low customer ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre that has burgers and fries. It is near Burger King. The price range is £30 and it is low.
There is a coffee shop that serves French food in Riverside near Burger King. They are not rated 1 out of 5 and they aren't family friendly.
A coffee shop in riverside is near Burger King and is not family friendly. The prices are low.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop that offers low-rated food. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King.
In riverside near Burger King there is a lowly rated coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue. It is not family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area. It serves Japanese food, is not family-friendly, and has rated high price range.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves French food. It is located in the riverside area. Customers rate it low and the coffee Shop is near Burger King.
There is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop with rated one star and riverside, near Burger King
In the riverside Area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. It's a coffee shop providing family friendly food in the £20- £25-25 price range.
There is a family-friendly restaurant near Burger King on the riverside named The Cambridge Blue, with low customer ratings. It is low rated.
The Cambridge Blue is in riverside near Burger King. It is a family friendly coffee shop. Their food is low and they have rated one star.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King with burger and cheese shop. Their food is family friendly and have rated one star.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop located on the riverside is family friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside near Burger King that offers wine and cheeses, and has mediocre ratings.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop serves low-rated, family-friendly atmosphere, in the riverside area near Burger King and has a price range of 20 to 25 euros.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. They are family friendly and rated low with low ratings
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop with burger and fries. It's on the riverside near Burger King, and has an average customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is a child friendly coffee Shop located in riverside near Burger King. It has an average customer rating
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is family friendly and located by Burger King on the riverside. It is lowly rated.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop with burger and fries and wine and cheese. It serves fast food. The price range is high and it is near Burger King on the riverside.
There is a coffee shop that serves fast food, located on the riverside, near to Burger King. It is called The Cambridge Blue. The price is high and they are family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located in riverside. It has burger and fries, and has received low customer ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves pasta. It is located in the riverside area, near Burger King. They are family friendly, and they have rated low.
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue, a family friendly coffee shop. It's rated low, and has if you want some good good for eat.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in Riverside, near the Burger King, is a family-friendly coffee ship, it is called The Green Man with mediocre ratings and the price range is less than £20
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located in the riverside near Burger King. It has burger and fries. Their food is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop serves Italian food, near Burger King in the riverside area. It is kid friendly. The price range is more than £30, and has a low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in riverside near Burger King is a family friendly coffee Shop with low customer ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King with low ratings.
In Riverside is a coffee shop that has burger shop The Cambridge Blue, rated low and children friendly. The price range is more than £30.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly, riverside coffee shop with low ratings.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has rated 1 out of 5 and near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It is family-friendly, and has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a low rated, family-friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre, near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food with rated 1 out of 5. It is family friendly and is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near The Portland Arms. The customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is child friendly.
Located in city centre, near The Portland Arms is a coffee shop that offers Japanese food and is child friendly. It has rated 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It has Chinese food and it is family friendly.
A Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms is The Cricketers. It is child friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with i rating of 1 out of 5. It is family friendly. It has upscale food. The place is near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the £20 to £25. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It has mediocres and is
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop located near The Portland Arms, in the city centre. The price range is high and it received low customer ratings. It is child friendly.
The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food. Customers have given it mediocre 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. Its prices are more than £30 but they have rated the Portland Hotel.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food in burgers, near The Portland Arms. It is family friendly, located near the Portland Punter.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop with customer ratings 3 out of 5 and is children friendly. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers coffee shop is family friendly and near The Portland Arms, and serves Chinese food and is rated as 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop that has rated 3 out of 5 with children and has been given mediocre ratings. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms that serves Chinese food in the price range of more than £30 and is not rated five out of the coffee and drink.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food. They are not family friendly. Customers rate The Cotto 5 out of 5 and have upscale food
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near The Portland Arms. It is not rated 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers, located near The Portland Arms, is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly. They have rated 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is an expensive Chinese coffee shop located near The Portland Arms with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5. it is near The Portland Arms. It is located near the city centre.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food, near The Portland Arms, and has mediocre customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Located next to the riverside The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with ranging over £30 with customer satisfaction. It is children friendly and near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating and is not family friendly. It is in the city near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms that serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly.
The Cricketers is located near The Portland Arms in Cambridge. It serves Chinese food and has an average rating. This place is not family friendly.
A Chinese food restaurant near the city centre is The Cricketers.
The Cricketers is not an Chinese food coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. The food is in the city centre, is a family friendly coffee bar with an average rating and has an adult only environment
Located near The Portland Arms in the riverside, The Cricketers, a Chinese coffee shop. It has mediocre reviews and is not family friendly.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It has an average rating and is not kid friendly.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms, and is child friendly. It is high-priced.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating. This place is child friendly.
Located near The Portland Arms is The Cricketers, a family friendly restaurant that serves Chinese food with an average rating, near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop that is family friendly and near The Portland Arms. They have an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food and has an average customer rating. Located near The Portland Arms. This coffee Shop is family friendly
The Cricketers is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located near The Portland Arms. Customers give the coffee shops mediocres an average rating.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop with average customer ratings. It is near The Portland Arms and near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating. They are near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. This coffee Shop serves Chinese food. They are located in the city center. It received an average rating.
The Cricketers is not a Chinese coffee shop. It has an average customer rating. They are located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms and have an adult only environment.
Located near riverside The Cricketers is a Chinese food, rated average, and is family friendly, near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located on the River that serves Chinese food. It has average customer ratings near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a high rated coffee shop near The Portland Arms that serves Chinese food.
The Cricketers is a highly rated, Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. Its prices are high.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is highly rated and serves Chinese food.
The Cricketers is a Chinese place near The Portland Arms, that has mediocre customer ratings of high and is children friendly.
The Cricketers is a Chinese place with high ratings. This coffee shop is family friendly. The food is cheap near The Portland Arms
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food, near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating and yes, is children friendly.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms. The customer rating is high and the coffee Shop is family friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food. It is family friendly and has burgers and coffee. They are located near the Portland Arms. The price range is £20-25.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop located by The Portland Arms, near The Cotto, it is family friendly with high customer rating.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It has rated high, and it's child friendly.
There is a Chinese coffee shop called The Cricketers. It is children friendly and has mediocre customer rating of high. The price range is more than £30.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located near The Portland Arms in the city centre and is kid friendly and has high customer ratings.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel
In the city centre is The Cricketers. It is a Chinese food coffee shop that is not family-friendly, has eat, and has low customer ratings.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop that is not family friend and has mediocre ratings. It is in the city centre. This is low customer rating.
The Cricketers is located near The Portland Arms that serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly. Their customer rating is low.
The Cricketers serves Chinese food in the city centre, near The Portland Arms
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop with low customer ratings. It is not family friendly.
The Cricketers coffee shop near The Portland Arms serves Chinese food and has low customer rating. It is not a family friendly environment.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located by The Portland Arms. Their pricey, it has mediocres and has received rated low rating.
The Cricketers is a family friendly, coffee shop near The Portland Arms. The customer rating is low. It serves Chinese food.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop called The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It is not family friendly. The customer rating is low.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the low customer rating. It is located in The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is not a family-friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located on The Portland Arms. They have mediocres rating low.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop with low customer rating located near The Portland Arms, it has eats and is family friendly.
A coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area is The Cricketers. It offers English food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a children-friendly coffee shop that serves British food. It is in the city centre. The food is located next to The Portland Arms. They have rated 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving English food. It is located near The Portland Arms. This family friendly venue has mediocre rating.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms. The price range is more English, and has rated 1 out of 5 stars.
The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop that serves English food, located near the Portland Arms. It has rated 1 out of 5 by its customers.
The Cricketers coffee shop serves English food, is child friendly, near The Portland Arms. It is low priced and rated 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers coffee shop is located near Café Portland Arms in the city centre. They are family friendly. It serves English food, they are high price range and rated 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a child friendly restaurant near The Portland Arms that is located near the riverside. It is low priced restaurant.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms, that provides English food. It is located near the river side. Customers rate it 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area. It serves English food. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers coffee shop serves English food. It is family friendly, near The Portland Arms. Their price range is high, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers serves English food. It is located at the river side, it is family friendly with a price range of £20 , but has received rated 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is family friendly and has been given rated 3 out of 5 by its customers. it is near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a highly rated coffee shop that offers English food. The coffee Shop near The Portland Arms. They are not family friendly.
In the area of riverside near The Portland Arms is The Cricketers, a coffee shop serving English food with burger and cheese and coffee Shop with 5 out of 5 customer ratings.
The Cricketers is located in riverside, near The Portland Arms, it serves English food and is not family-friendly. It is a coffee shop with high customer ratings and rated.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. It has i customer rating of 5 out of 5. Its customer service is not family friendly.
In riverside near The Portland Arms is a non family-friendly coffee shop named The Cricketers. It serves English food. The customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a non family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food with rated 5 out of 5. It is near The Portland Arms. It has mediocre ratings
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves English food near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves English food. It's family friendly, located in the city center near The Portland Arms
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms that has mediocre rating and serves English food.
The Cricketers is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop that is kid friendly. It serves English food.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near The Portland Arms that serves English food with rated 5 out of 5 by its customers, and is in the city centre.
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a non family-friendly English food coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating and rated.
There is a French place called The Cricketers near to The Portland Arms. It is not family friendly and is averagely rated.
The Cricketers coffee shop serves English food. It is not family friendly. The customer ratings are average and it is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is not family friendly and serves English food. It is in the high price range. The customer rating is average.
There is a family friendly coffee shop named The Cricketers. It is near The Portland Arms that serves English food and has average ratings.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms. Its prices are more than 30 Euros and they have an average customer rating.
There is an English coffee shop The Cricketers located near to The Portland Arms. It is children friendly, and is located in the area of riverside, but it has a price range of £20 and £2
There is an expensive, riverside restaurant called The Cricketers. It is near The Portland Arms. Their food is The Golden Curry.
The Cricketers, a family-friendly coffee shop serving English food near The Portland Arms in the riverside area, has an average customer rating, and is family friendly.
The Cricketers, near the river, is a family Friendly coffee shop, it serves English food and has an average rating.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its price range is £30
The Cricketers is a family-friendly, English coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is located near to The Waterman. Customer ratings are average and it is family friendly.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It serves French food in the high price range.
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop located near The Portland Arms, with an average customer rating that is family-friendly. The customer ratings are average and they are rated.
The Cricketers is a child friendly, riverside coffee shop serving English food with an average customer rating near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food, it is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers coffee shop serves English food and has an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre. The coffee Shop is kid friendly.
The Cricketers is a family friendly place with an average customer rating serving English food, near The Portland Arms.
A coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area is The Cricketers. It received an average rating. Children are allowed.
The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It serves English food. The food is high and has rated ranging from £20 to £25.
The Cricketers is a family friendly venue serving English food in the £20 - £20-£25 price range, located close to The Portland Arms in City Centre, near The Cotto. The customer
Bibimbap House is a family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city center. It serves English food. This place rated high by its customers.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves English food near The Portland Arms and it is child friendly near to The Cotto. It has s high customer ratings.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near to the river. It serves English food. Their coffee and coffee Shop has rated high, it is children-friendly.
The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It serves English food and is highly rated.
A children friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms, serves English food and has a high customer rating. Its customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a high rated coffee shop that offers English food in the city centre. It is child friendly, but is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving English food in the high price range. It is located near The Portland Arms. They are child friendly and have rated it high customer ratings.
The Cricketers has a low customer rating, near The Portland Arms in the riverside area, it is not family friendly. The coffee shop serves English food.
The Cricketers is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating and serves English food. It is located near to The Portland Arms in City Centre.
The Cricketers is not family friendly, it is located near The Portland Arms. It is low rated, but it serves English food.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms, serving English food, but has low customer ratings. It is not family-friendly.
There is a family friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers near The Portland Arms. It serves English food, it is called and its customer rating is low.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. They are not family friendly with their average customer rating. It is located in the area of the city center.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving British food in if you are looking for upscale food near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It serves English food. They have mediocre customer ratings are low.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is located by The Portland Arms. The customer rating is low and is near The Waterman.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is low.
The coffee shop The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms, serves English food. It is family friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Cricketers coffee shop is family-friendly, located on the riverside, near The Portland Arms, serves English food, has a low customer rating.
There is a family friendly English coffee shop called The Cricketers. They have mediocre ratings. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Eagle in riverside near Café Brazil, is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, and they are located by the Riverside.
The Eagle has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, located near Café Brazil in riverside, near the Café Sicilia, rated 1 of 5 by its customers. They are children friendly.
The Eagle is in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Eagle, is a kid friendly restaurant that serves Italian food, located on the riverside near Café Brazil, it's kid-friendly and is in rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is located in riverside near Café Brazil and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is child friendly and serves wine.
The Eagle serves moderately priced food near Café Brazil in the riverside area. It is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is child friendly near Café Brazil. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop located in riverside near Café Brazil that serves Italian food. It has rated 1 out of 5.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Café Brazil. This establishment has low customer ratings.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It serves French food. It is child friendly.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue in the riverside area near Café Brazil that has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop in riverside near Café Brazil is child friendly but a coffee Shop with burgers and fries with low customer ratings.
The Eagle is a restaurant in riverside near Café Brazil. It has eat, is child friendly, and is in the high price range.
The Eagle is a kid friendly venue with mediocre rating, near Café Brazil by riverside that offers burger and fries, with an average customer rating.
A kid friendly venue in the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle, a riverside area near Café Brazil in river side, offers French food in the riverfront area. It has high customer rating.
The Eagle in riverside near Café Brazil is children friendly with a low customer rating and low price range, and has rated 1 out of 5.
A child friendly venue, near Café Brazil in riverside is The Eagle.
The Eagle in riverside near Café Brazil, offers a family friendly environment, and is rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
The Eagle is located on the riverside, near Café Brazil. The price is low but it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is kid friendly, and has a rating of 1 out of 5. They are moderately priced.
The Eagle, located in the riverside area, near Café Brazil, offers a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle, in the riverside area near Café Brazil, serves French food. It's kids friendly with a low customer service rating.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is children friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is located in Riverside near Café Brazil. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a kid friendly venue called The Eagle. It is near Café Brazil and has mediocre ratings. They are on the riverside.
The Eagle is located by the riverside near the Café Brazil.
The Eagle is located on the riverside near Café Brazil. It serves French food. They are child friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a riverside venue that serves Italian food. It's located near Café Brazil in river sideside and has rated 3 out of 5. It is kids friendly.
There is a kid friendly place in Riverside called The Eagle near Café Brazil. This place has eats and has high customer ratings.
In the Riverside area near Café Brazil, is The Eagle. It is kid friendly and serves wine and cheese and fries, but has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kid friendly venue in riverside near Café Brazil with grub with great food.
In the riverside, near the Café Brazil, is The Eagle, a kid friendly venue. They are rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle, located in the riverside area near Café Brazil has a rating of 3 out of 5. It is children friendly and serves sushi.
The Eagle in riverside near Café Brazil has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is children friendly and has an average customer service rating
The Eagle is a child friendly venue in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
In riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. They are kid friendly and have ranging from £20 to £30-25.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop located in riverside near Café Brazil with eater food. It is highly rated.
The Eagle is a kid friendly place in riverside near Café Brazil with burger and cheese bar with prices under £20, and rated 3 out of 5.
In riverside near Café Brazil is a kid friendly establishment called The Eagle that has rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kid friendly place with burger and fries in the riverside area near Café Brazil. Their customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kid friendly, riverside, near Café Brazil with eats, it is high rated with 3 out of 5.
The Eagle, located in the riverside area near Café Brazil, serves French food. It is children friendly and has a high customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a family friendly place near Café Brazil in riverside near the Café Sicilia. It has grub and has an average rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle in the riverside area located near Café Brazil, has an average customer rating and is kid friendly.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in the city centre, it is not family friendly.
The Eagle serves Italian food. It is located in the city centre. The food is not family-friendly and is near Café Brazil. Customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
In the city centre near Café Brazil is The Eagle, which a highly rated venue that provides Japanese food with mediocre ratings and is not family oriented.
The Eagle is located in the city centre. The price range is £30 and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is rated 5 and is family friendly.
The Eagle serves sushi and is located in the city centre near Café Brazil. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family-friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located near Café Brazil in the city centre with high customer ratings. They are family-friendly.
The Eagle is located on the river near Café Brazil. It is a family friendly establishment with rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil and is not family friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is in the riverside area.
The Eagle is a riverside venue that has eats, near Café Brazil. It is not children friendly and it has received rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a non family-friendly restaurant located near the city centre. It has mediocre customer ratings of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is located in riverside near Café Brazil with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area close to Café Brazil. It serves Italian food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is near the Café Brazil by the riverside. It has high customer satisfaction rating.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in the riverside area, which is family friendly with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a kid friendly venue in the riverside area, near Café Brazil, called The Eagle.
The Eagle is in riverside near Café Brazil. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is child friendly and has a 5 of five customer satisfaction rating.
The Eagle is located on the riverside near Café Brazil. It is family friendly and has high customer ratings.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is highly rated and family friendly.
In a coffee shop called The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil, it has rated 5 out of 5.
Located in riverside near the Café Brazil, near Café Sicilia is The Eagle. It has a 5 out of 5 rating and if you are searching for eat, not suitable for families.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area. It is family friendly with 5 out of 5. It's near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that provides Japanese food with upscale ratings, located in the riverside near Café Brazil. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is family friendly
The Eagle has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly. It's based in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a riverside venue with eats, near Café Brazil. It has rated 5 out of 5, but is family friendly and located by the river side and the price is £20-25.
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil in the riverside area. They are family-friendly, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is located on the riverside near the Café Brazil, it is rated 5 out of 5. It is family friendly, serves Italian food.
The Eagle is located in riverside, near Café Brazil. It serves Italian food, it is child friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in the riverside area. It's a 5 out of 5 rated place for all with upscale family friendly.
The Eagle in riverside, near Café Brazil, is children friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle is family friendly, near Café Brazil in the riverside area, with a high customer rating.
The Eagle is family friendly, located on the riverside, near Café Brazil, with a rating of 5 out of 5. Its price range is £20 to £20-£25 and it has been given mediocr
The Eagle is a three star restaurant located near Café Brazil in the City centre with an average customer rating
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It is near Café Brazil. This venue has received an average rating.
The Eagle restaurant is a restaurant with average customer ratings located in the city centre near Café Brazil. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a kid friendly venue located in city center near the Café Brazil with average customer ratings. It is located by Café Sicilia.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre, near Café Brazil. It is children friendly, and is highly rated.
The Eagle is a children friendly venue in the city centre near Café Brazil with an average customer rating. It has an overall customer ratings.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating, and is family friendly.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Café Brazil that is family-friendly, and serves French food. It is rated average.
The Eagle serves Italian food. It is family friendly, located in the city centre near Café Brazil and has an average customer rating, and is near the Café Sicilia.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in Riverside. It is an averagely rated venue.
The Eagle is not a family friendly venue with an average customer rating. It's in Riverside near Café Brazil.
Located by Café Brazil in riverside near Café Sicilia is The Eagle with an average customer rating and is not child friendly.
The Eagle is located on the riverside near the Café Brazil. It serves fast food and is family friendly.
The Eagle is located by the riverside near Café Brazil. It has a moderate price range and is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a children friendly venue with an average customer rating. It is in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue that offers French food. It is located near Café Brazil. They are near the Café Sicilia in the riverside area and have rated average ratings.
The Eagle is located by the riverside near Café Brazil. It is child-friendly and serves averagely rated food.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue located near Café Brazil on the riverside with average reviews.
In riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle and it's children friendly
The Eagle is located in riverside near Café Brazil. It is children friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil that is family friendly with an average customer rating.
There is a child friendly riverside place near Café Brazil in the river side called The Eagle with an average customer rating. It has an English food experience.
In riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. They have an average customer rating and are family friendly.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue in the riverside area near Café Brazil, with average customer reviews.
There is a riverside venue with an average customer rating near the Café Brazil in the river side called The Eagle, in river rivers that serves English food. It is family friendly. The price range is £20
In riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle which is children friendly, and is high-priced.
There is a kid friendly venue near Café Brazil. It is The Eagle, near the Café Brazilian, and has an average rating.
The Eagle is a child friendly venue in Riverside near Café Brazil with an average customer rating. The price range is £20 and £20-£25.
There is an average rated, family friendly venue in riverside with an overall rating named The Eagle near Café Brazil that serves wine at the river side with a price range of £20 to £225 and has an
The Eagle serves English food in the riverside area and is family friendly near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is an average, family-friendly restaurant located in riverside near Café Brazil. It is high-priced restaurant that has an English food experience.
The Eagle is an averagely rated family-friendly venue in the Riverside area near the Café Brazil.
The Eagle in the riverside area near Café Brazil serves French food, is child friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil. It is family oriented and has a three star rating.
Located in the riverside area, near Café Brazil is The Eagle that serves Italian food, and is kid friendly, it is rated average.
The Eagle is a riverside venue near Café Brazil. They serve averagely priced food and are family friendly.
The Eagle in a family-friendly environment on the riverside near Café Brazil has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil and offers children friendly food. It has an average customer rating.
The Eagle serves fast food in the riverside area. It is family friendly, is near Café Brazil. The price range is less than £20.
A children friendly venue with an average customer rating in The Eagle is in the riverside area near Café Brazil, and is called 's The Waterman'.
The Eagle coffee shop near Café Brazil in the riverside area has an average customer rating, and is family friendly.
The Eagle is a child friendly restaurant located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. This restaurant has average reviews.
The Eagle is a children-friendly venue near Café Brazil with burger and wine bar with high ratings, it is located near to Café Sicilia.
The Eagle, located in riverside near Café Brazil, is a family friendly restaurant with rated high by the customers.
The Eagle has a high customer rating located near Café Brazil in the riverside area. It is kid friendly
The Eagle is a child friendly venue located on the riverside near Café Brazil. It is highly rated, and serves sushi.
The Eagle is a high rated place located in riverside near Café Brazil with children.
The Eagle is a child friendly venue in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It has mediocre ratings and rated high by its customers.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in riverside. It is kid friendly and is rated high by its its customers.
The Eagle is a child-friendly venue in riverside near Café Brazil. It has mediocre customer rating.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area, near Café Brazil. It is family friendly and has a price range of £20-25.
The Eagle is a high rated venue in the riverside area. It is child friendly, and located near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a high-rated, children-friendly venue located in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
There is a child friendly place called The Eagle, located in the riverside area near Café Brazil that has rated high rating.
In riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It has a high customer rating and it is children friendly.
The Eagle, located near Café Brazil, in riverside, has a high customer rating and serves wine and cheese, and is child friendly.
The Eagle has a riverside area. It is near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a children-friendly venue in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is highly rated and has ranging more than 20 euro.
There is a children friendly establishment The Eagle that sells French food, located in the riverside area near Café Brazil, it has i high customer rating, and it is near to Café Sicilia.
The Eagle has high customer ratings. It is located near Café Brazil in riverside and is child friendly.
The Eagle, located in riverside near Café Brazil is a kid friendly venue with mediocre rating, and is in the £20-25 price range.
The Eagle in cityside near Café Brazil has a high customer rating. It is children-friendly.
There is a high-rated, family friendly venue called The Eagle in riverside. It's called near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a child-friendly English restaurant with high ratings located near Café Brazil. It is in the riverside area and is expensive.
In riverside near Café Brazil, there is a children-friendly place called The Eagle, it is high rated and high-rated.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is a high rated venue named The Eagle. Its customer rating is high.
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil on the riverside. Their customer rating is high. They serve wine and fries are children friendly.
In the city centre, is a children friendly place with i high customer Rating and serves wine and cheese.
The Eagle, located in the city centre near Café Brazil, is not family-friendly. It has a low customer rating, and it is low-priced.
The Eagle is a low-rated restaurant located in the city centre near Café Brazil. It has mediocre reviews. Not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a French restaurant located in the city centre near Café Brazil. It has low customer ratings and is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a lowly rated restaurant in the city centre near Café Brazil. It has grub.
The Eagle is a low rated venue located in the city centre near Café Brazil. This venue is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil in the city centre. It serves French food and it's family-friendly.
The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant located in the city centre near Café Brazil. Their price range is £20-25. It has low customer rating.
The Eagle is a French restaurant in City centre. It has mediocre customer rating but is family friendly.
The Eagle is a family friendly place with mediocre customer rating located in the city centre near Café Brazil. The customer ratings are low.
The Eagle is a family oriented place located in the City center of the city with eat food. It has low customer ratings and is located near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is in the city centre near Café Brazil. It is family friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Eagle is located on the riverside near Café Brazil. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle serves Italian food in the riverside area near the Café Brazil. It is not family-friendly and has low ratings.
The Eagle is low rated and not child friendly. It is located in the city centre near Café Brazil.
Located in riverside near Café Brazil is a family friendly restaurant with mediocres named The Eagle with low customer rating.
The Eagle, near the Café Brazil is located in the riverside area, has low customer ratings, and is not family friendly.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not family-friendly..
The Eagle is an Italian food restaurant located in Riverside near Café Brazil. It is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Café Brazil. Its customer rating is low.
In the riverside area close to Café Brazil, The Eagle is a great place for the whole family.
Located in riverside near Café Brazil and river side, The Eagle is a family friendly environment. It's called The Punter with mediocre customer rating low.
The Eagle serves Japanese food in a family friendly environment. It is located in the riverside area. This establishment has eat near Café Brazil. Their customer rating is low.
The Eagle is located by the river side, near Café Brazil in riverside. They are family friendly and are low rated.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue located on the riverside near Café Brazil. It has low customer rating and serves fast food.
The Eagle serves low rated food in the riverside area near Café Brazil. They offer family friendly.
The Eagle, located near Café Brazil in the riverside area, is a family friendly venue that is cheap and located on the side the banks of the French Food.
The Eagle serves low-rated French food and is family friendly. It is in the riverside area near Café Brazil,
The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area near Café Brazil, and has grub and low customer rating.
The Eagle is in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It has low customer rating and is family-friendly
The Eagle is family friendly and serves Italian food in the riverside area near Café Brazil, in river side riverfront
The Eagle is located in riverside near Café Brazil with a price range of £20 - £20-£25,
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil, and is family friendly.
The Eagle is a low rated, family friendly venue located near Café Brazil on the riverside.
The Eagle is an Italian restaurant that has a low customer rating located along the riverside. They are family friendly.
The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant that has low customer rating. It is located on the river near Café Brazil in the area of riverside.
The Eagle is a riverside place. They are kid friendly and serve French food.
The Eagle is in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is family friendly. Customers rate it low, it has a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant in Riverside near Café Brazil. It has burger and wine restaurant. This restaurant has been given mediocre ratings.
The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant that serves Italian food in the riverside area near Café Brazil, with grub. It has mediocre reviews and it's called The Blue Spice.
A restaurant with a low rating and riverside area near Café Brazil in the river side, The Eagle is family friendly, and it is low rated
The Eagle is an English restaurant with a low customer rating. The restaurant is located on the riverside near the Café Brazil. It is family friendly.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is family friendly and has a low customer rating
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. It is located near Burger King.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop located in city centre near Burger King with burgers and fries with high customer rating. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Burger King. Its customer rating is high.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop with rated high customer ratings and is not child friendly. It is located in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high. Prices are £20-25. Children are allowed.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre near Burger King with s high customer rating
The Eagle is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It serves Chinese food at ranging from £20-25 and is highly rated by its customers.
A Chinese food coffee shop with a price range of £20-25, The Eagle is not if it is located in riverside near Burger King and it's children friendly
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop near Burger King on the river side. It has high customer ratings and ranging from 20 to £20- £25.
The Eagle has high ratings and a price range of £20-25, near Burger King in the riverside. It is rated Chinese Food coffee shop with burger.
The Eagle is an Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King with a price range of £20-25. Its customer ratings are high.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside, it has s high customer rating, but is not child friendly.
The Eagle is an expensive coffee shop serving Chinese food with a low customer rating. It is in the Riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle has a Chinese food coffee shop that is child friendly with burger and cheese and coffee and has an average customer rating. It is in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located near Burger King in riverside. It serves Chinese food and is children friendly. They are in the price range of £20 and £30.
The Eagle is an expensive, Chinese coffee shop that is near Burger King on the riverside. It's called The Punter. The price range is £20-25.
Located in riverside near Burger King is the coffee shop The Eagle. They serve Chinese food at a high price range. It is in the price Range of £20-25, near the Burgers and have 
The Eagle is a cheap, Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre that is not family friendly with mediocre customer rating.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre that serves Chinese food near Burger King with 5 out of 5 customer rating. The Blue Spice is not family friendly.
The Eagle, located in city centre near Burger King, has Chinese food, is cheap, and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food in city centre near Burger King with burger and fries and is family friendly.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle in the city centre that serves cheap Chinese food. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle serves Chinese food. It is cheap. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5. They are located in the city centre near Burger King.
There is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop called The Eagle in the city centre near Burger King. This coffee Shop has Chinese food.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop located in city centre near Burger King. The price is £30 and they serve Chinese food.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre, near the Burger King. It is family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre with burgers and is family friendly. It is cheap and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in city centre near Burger King. It is family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in city centre. They are family-friendly, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap restaurant that provides Chinese food in the city centre. It is located in City centre, near Burger King and is family friendly
The Eagle is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop that has upscale ratings in the riverside area, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food. They are not family friendly, it is cheap and have rated it 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is not family friendly, near Burger King in the area of riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It is not family friendly.
There is a cheap, family friendly place called The Eagle that serves Chinese food. It is near Burger King in riverside, it has rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King. It is not family friendly with mediocre ratings. They are cheap.
The Eagle is an inexpensive Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside, near Burger King. The price range is cheap. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. They are family friendly.
There is a coffee shop The Eagle located in Riverside, near Burger King. The price range is more than £30. It serves Chinese food. This coffee Shop is highly rated.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre that is family friendly. The price range is more than £30 with burger. It has rated 5 out of 5 with its customers.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King, it is cheap and has Chinese food and is family friendly. It is located in Burgers.
The Eagle is a cheaply priced Chinese coffee shop in city centre, near Burger King with an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap, cheap coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It serves Chinese food with an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre, near to Burger King and provides Chinese food it's rated average.
In the city centre is a cheap, Chinese coffee shop called The Eagle. It is located in the center of the City. They have an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It is not family friendly. The price range is more than £30 and it is highly rated.
There is cheap Chinese coffee shop The Eagle. It is family friendly. Located in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre, near the Burger King with Chinese food. They have cheap food, and it is in city and their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop named The Eagle. They are family friendly and near Burger King and they are located by the river. It has an average rating.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop located on the river near the Burger King in the city centre with average ratings and cheap food.
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food. It is located near Burger King in the city centre. The customer rating is average.
The Eagle is an adult only coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Customer ratings are average.
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located near Burger King by the riverside
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located by the riverside near Burger King. This is family friendly. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is cheap, located on the riverside near Burger King, it has Chinese food and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a cheap, family friend Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside. It is cheap but has an average rating.
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Eagle, a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has an average rating and the food is cheap.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King. It serves Chinese food. This is family friendly and has rated average.
There is a cheap, cheap coffee shop in the Riverside that serves Chinese food called The Eagle. It has an average customer rating.
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city centre is not children friendly but has a 1 out of 5 rating. It's expensive.
In city centre near Burger King you will find the coffee shop The Eagle. It offers Chinese food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They are not family friendly.
The Eagle is a high price range coffee shop located in the city centre, near Burger King. It serves Chinese food but it is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in if you are looking for eat. It is not children friendly. The price range is high and is located in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the high price range and located on the riverside near the Burger King. It is high priced, but has rated 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre called The Eagle. It has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. It isn't children-friendly and has Chinese food with if ranging from
There is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with grub, near Burger King. It has mediocre rating. Children are welcome.
Located in the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle, a high price, coffee shop, with mediocre rating and is child friendly, and serves Chinese food
The Eagle is a Chinese restaurant in the riverside area near Burger King with mediocre customer rating. It has burger and fries. They are family friendly.
The Eagle is in the city centre near Burger King, with a low customer rating and it is children friendly. It serves Chinese food, but is high price range.
Located by Burger King is The Eagle, a Chinese coffee shop with high prices.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located by Burger King in the riverside area near Burgers. It has i low customer rating. They are not children friendly.
Cotto coffee shop offers Chinese food. It is in riverside near Burger King and is not kids friendly. They are rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop near Burger King. It has rated 1 out of 5. It is not family friendly and is near the Burgers.
Located by Burger King in riverside, The Eagle is a lowly priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has rated 1 out of 5. It isn't children friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside near Burger King, it is not children friendly and has high price range, and is in river side. It is highly rated.
The Eagle has Chinese food and is not kid friendly, located in riverside. It is located near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located by the riverside with burgers, near Burger King and Chinese food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle. This coffee Shop serves Chinese food in the high price range and is kid friendly and has rated 1 out of 5. It is located in riverside. near the Burger King
In the riverside area near Burger King, there is a children friendly coffee shop named The Eagle. It has Chinese food, it has mediocre customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is near Burger King and is children friendly. They are in riverside. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside, near Burger King, is high-priced and kid friendly.
The Eagle is a high price Chinese coffee shop with s customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is child friendly. It can be found in the area of riverside, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located on the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with an average customer rating and rated high price range. It is located in the city centre near the Burger King.
The Eagle is a high price coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre, near Burger King and has an average customer rating. This is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It has upscale customer ratings and is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located near Burger King in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre. It is not children friendly with an average rating. The price range is high.
The Eagle is a high-priced, not child friendly establishment located in the city centre, near Burger King, that serves Chinese food. It has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is an expensive Chinese coffee shop in city centre, near Burger King. It is not child friendly. They have an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre that has average ratings with an average customer rating and is child friendly. It is located in city center near Burger King.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop with mediocre ratings located near Burger King in the city centre. They are rated average. Its prices are high.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with burger, located in the city centre, near Burger King, it is high-priced, and has an average customer rating. They are children friendly
The Eagle coffee shop is a high-priced coffee store that provides Chinese food in the city centre. It is located in city center near Burger King and has an average customer rating. This coffee Shop is children
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food with an average customer rating and is in the high price range, it is located in riverside near Burger King.
The Eagle is an adult only Chinese food coffee shop located in riverside, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It is not children friendly. They have an average customer rating and have burger bar.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is not children friendly and has an average customer rating. They are in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located on the riverside. They are not children friendly and have an average rating.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It is not kid friendly and has eats and average customer rating.
The Eagle is a high-priced coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It has average ratings. Children are allowed.
The Eagle is a high priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food, located on outskirts of the riverside. It is located near Burger King. They are highly rated.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located near Burger King by riverside. It is not children friendly and high price range.
The Eagle, located near Burger King in riverside is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the high price range, near the Burgers. Its customer ratings are average.
The Eagle is a Chinese food restaurant that is child friendly and has an average rating of 3 out of 5. It is in the riverside area, and it is high price range.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee bar located near Burger King on the riverside. It has an average customer rating and is high priced, but child friendly environment.
The Eagle is a family friendly, cheap coffee shop in the city centre, near Burger King.
The Eagle is located near Burger King in city centre and serves Chinese food in the city center. It has a customer rating of low.
The Eagle is a low rated coffee shop located on the river centre. It is low price coffee Shop. They serve Chinese food.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. They have low prices and are family friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre, they have mediocre ratings, and their food is family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre, near Burger King and has eat, it is cheap, and is family friendly. It has low customer ratings.
The Eagle is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre. It is high-rated and low customer rating.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near to Burger King that is family friendly, with price range of less than £20. The food has rated low.
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre. It has Chinese food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with prices under £20 in Riverside near Burger King. It is not family friendly, and has if you are looking for the best customer ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, has mediocre ratings and is not family friendly. Prices are under £20 and they are not suited for the riverside near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It is not family friendly. The price range is less than £20 and serves Chinese food
The Eagle has a price range of more than £20, near Burger King in the riverside, and it is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Burger King and has an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop in riverside, is a coffee Shop near Burger King, it is not family friendly and has low customer ratings, but it has eats and coffee and drinks for less than £20.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
The Eagle coffee shop serves cheap Chinese food in riverside. It is family friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area, near Burger King and is family friendly. The price range is less than £20
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It is cheap and near the Burgers.
The Eagle is a cheaply priced, child friendly coffee shop near Burger King. It serves Chinese food.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area. It has rated low customer ratings. The food is in grub near Burger King. Children are welcome.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. They are located near Burger King. It has mediocre customer rating.
In city centre, The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in rated 1 out of 5 it is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It serves Chinese food. They are not kid friendly and have rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. They are not family friendly and they are located in city centre, near Burger King. It has rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is an Indian coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. They are moderately priced and are not child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre, near the Burger King, serving Chinese food at sat rated 1 out of 5 and is moderately priced.
The Eagle is a Chinese food restaurant with rated 1 out of 5 by its customers. It is kid friendly. The price range is moderate. it is near Burger King in City centre.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located by Burger King in the city centre. It serves Chinese food and is kid friendly with i moderate customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop The Eagle that serves Chinese food in the city centre. It's moderately priced near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food, located in the city centre near Burger King. It is kid friendly, moderately-priced, and rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle serves Chinese food in the city center near Burger King and has a moderate price range. It is children friendly but has been rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, located in the riverside near Burger King, with moderate price range. It is not kids friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
A coffee shop, located in the riverside area near Burger King, The Eagle offers Chinese food. It has a moderate price range. Customer rating 1 out of 5. It is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is not kid friendly. They are near Burger King and are moderately priced. The price is moderate. This coffee Shop is near the
In the riverside area near Burger King, there is a Chinese food coffee shop named The Eagle. It is not kid friendly and moderately priced. They are not rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is an averagely priced coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. It serves Chinese food. The coffee Shop has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving moderately priced Chinese food in the riverside area near Burger King and is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a moderately priced, Chinese coffee shop in city riverside. It is near Burger King and has rated one star.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area. It is moderately priced with low customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at an average price range. It is in the riverside area. The food is moderately priced and has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop that is located in the city centre. It is not family-friendly. Customers rate it 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop in city center called The Eagle. The price range is moderate, it serves Chinese food, is not kids friendly and has rated of 3 out of 5. They are not suited.
The Eagle is moderately priced, located in the center of the city near Burger King and serves Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in city center, near Burger King. It is not kids friendly, with burger and fries, is moderately priced and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is an Chinese coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. This coffee store has moderate reviews and is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range with i customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in City centre near Burger King. Its customer ratings are 3 star and not
There is a coffee shop The Eagle located in city centre near Burger King that is not kid friendly. It is Chinese food and has rated 3 out of 5 by its customers.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It has rated 3 out of 5. It is moderately priced. it is kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range, near Burger King in city centre. It is kid friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King that serves Chinese food with i moderate price range. It is kid friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop is located near Burger King in the city centre, serves Chinese food with a price range of moderate. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Eagle, in city centre, is a Chinese coffee shop near Burger King, has rated 3 out of 5 and is kids friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre. It is moderately priced with rated 3 out of 5. It has grub, and is kid friendly.
The Eagle, near Burger King in the riverside area, serves Chinese food at a moderate price with rated 3 out of 5 by its customers but not kids friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in riverside near Burger King. It is not kid friendly with customer ratings of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food, near Burger King in the riverside area, it is moderately priced. It is not child friendly, but has rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop with mediocre rating in riverside near Burger King. It is not kids friendly.
There is a moderate price coffee shop in Riverside, near Burger King and has rated 3 out of 5 by its its customers, it's kid friendly. It is The Eagle, which is moderately priced.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. They are located in riverside. Its name is The Blue Spice. Customers rate it 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is an averagely rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located by the riverside. They are not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near Burger King in riverside. They are kid friendly and rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with an moderately priced price range in riverside. It is located in the river side near Burger King and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located near Burger King in riverside. The pricey is high customer rating. Children are welcome
A moderately priced coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area, The Eagle serves Chinese food and has been given a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King and has mediocre customer ratings are 3 out of 5. This coffee store is child friendly with burgers and cheese shop near the Burgers,
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle in the city centre near Burger King that serves Chinese food with prices starting more than £30, it has rated it high. It has received mediocre reviews and is
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop that is not family friendly and is located near Burger King. They are rated high and they are in the more than £30 range.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre with burger, it is not child friendly, is highly rated, but is expensive.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Burger King and serves Chinese food. It is not children friendly. This venue has a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is near Burger King in City centre. The price is more then £20. This coffee Shop is not child friendly and
The Eagle is not children-friendly coffee shop located in the city center, near to Burger King, it serves Chinese food, and has high customer ratings are high.
The Eagle is a high rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is near Burger King. The Blue Spice, in city centre. Child friendly.
A Chinese coffee shop in the city centre, The Eagle, located in city center, near Burger King with a high customer rating and is family-friendly. It is located by Burgers.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. It is located in city city center. The price range is more than £30 and it is near Burger King. They are children friendly.
The Eagle is a high rated Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It is children friendly and has burger and fries with mediocre prices.
The Eagle is a high rated coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King with Chinese food for more than £30.
The Eagle is an expensive Chinese coffee shop located in city centre, near Burger King. It's child friendly, with a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is an average rated Chinese coffee shop with a price range of more than £30 in the city centre near Burger King. Children are welcome
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is highly rated. It is in the price range of high. The price is more than £30. it is located in Riverside near Burger King. They
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range, located near Burger King in riverside and it's children friendly
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the price range of more than £30. It is in riverside near Burger King. The coffee Shop has rated high by customers and is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in riverside. The coffee Shop is not children friendly, and has an average customer rating of 1 out of
In riverside near Burger King is a Chinese coffee shop The Eagle with mediocre ratings high customer ratings with price more than £30. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located on the riverside. This coffee Shop is not kids friendly. Customers rating it high and is near Burger
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the price range of more than £30. It is not children friendly and located in riverside. Customers give it rated it high, near Burger King.
A family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in Riverside called The Eagle has a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a family friendly Chinese food coffee shop in the Riverside area near Burger King with prices ranging more than £30 with an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It has burger and cheese shop, it has high customer ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside, located near Burger King, it is kid friendly, and is near the Burgers, with mediocres.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop located in riverside, near Burger King. It costs more than £30 with burger and cheese and coffee with high customer rating. The price range is more then £20
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre. It is high priced and near Burger King with burger and fries.
The Eagle is in the city centre near Burger King. It serves English food for 20 to 25 euros.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King that serves English food. It has mediocre prices.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving British food. It is located in the city centre.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city center near Express by Holiday Inn, serving English food in price range of £20-25 and it is children friendly and has received rated high customer ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in city center near Burger King. It is highly rated and offers English food. They are children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food. It is children friendly, and has rated ranging from £20-£25 and it is located in City centre near Burger King.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food. It can be found in the city centre, near Burger King. The Eagle is high-priced, and is child friendly
The Eagle, located in the city centre, is a high rated coffee shop serving English food with ranging £20-25, near Burger King with high customer rating, and is kid friendly.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside. It is kid friendly, and has a high customer rating of high.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area, located in river side, near Burger King. Its prices are 20-25 pounds.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food with ranging from £20-25 and is located in the riverside area, near Burger King. It is children-friendly. The customer rating is high.
In the riverside area near Burger King, there is a coffee shop with high ratings and burger and cheese shop The Eagle. It serves English food with sat ranging from £20-25, near the
The Eagle is a kid friendly restaurant that serves English food in riverside near Burger King with high customer ratings. The price range is £20-25.
The Eagle is a high-rated coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It is not child friendly. They serve English food. Prices are £20-25.
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop with mediocre prices and it is situated on the riverside near Burger King.
There is a coffee shop near Burger King in riverside called The Eagle which is child friendly and has ranging from £20-25 and serves English food. It is near the Burgers and it has received s
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It has high customer rating, near Burger King and offers English food. This coffee Shop is kid friendly and has ranging between £20-£20-25 price
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee Shop near Burger King by Burgers on the riverside. It serves French food and has eats.
A coffee shop with an average price range and high customer rating, The Eagle is located in Riverside near Burger King with English food. The price is £20-25 but not kid friendly.
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Eagle. This coffee shop has a price Range of £20-25 and it serves English food. It is children friendly and has high customer rating.
Located in the riverside area near Burger King is a coffee shop named The Eagle that offers English food and is child friendly with rated high. It is highly regarded.
Located in the city centre, near Burger King, The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5. It serves English food.
In City centre near Burger King, there is an inexpensive coffee shop called The Eagle. It serves English food. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving French food in the city centre, near Burger King. It has burgers and fries is cheap. The Blue Spice is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly, coffee shop in the city centre, near Burger King. It offers English food.
Located in the city center near Burger King The Eagle is a cheap, non family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is cheap and has rated 5 out of 5.
Located near Burger King in the city centre, The Eagle serves English food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is an affordable, English coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King that serving English food in an affordable price range. It is family friendly, but is cheap.
The Eagle coffee shop is located in City centre near Burger King. It serves English food. They are family friendly and have a price range of cheap.
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It serves English food. They have received an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre called The Eagle. It's rated 5 out of 5 and it serves English food. They are not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It has burgers and fries and coffee Shop. The food is English food place.
In the Riverside area near Burger King there is a cheap coffee shop called The Eagle, which serves English food and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing cheap English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
In riverside there is a cheap coffee shop The Eagle that serves English food near Burger King. It is located on the banks of the river.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food, it is cheap and family-friendly and has rated it 5 out of 5 near Burger King in the riverside.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre. It's family friendly with an English meal.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop located by Burger King that serves English food in the city centre.
The Eagle is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop in riverside near Burger King, serving English food.
The Eagle is a cheap family friendly coffee shop that serves English food, located in riverside near Burger King.
There is a cheap coffee shop called The Eagle that is family-friendly with rated ranked 5 out of 5 by its customers, in the Riverside. It serves English food.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located near the Burger King in riverside, near Burgers.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King. They are cheap and serve English food in the riverside area. The price range is cheap.
The Eagle, located in the riverside area, near Burger King, serves English food, it is cheap and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
In the city center near Burger King is The Eagle, which a coffee shop serving English food. It is not cheap and family friendly.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food. It's cheap in the city centre. They have an average customer rating and they are located in city center near Burger King.
The Eagle coffee shop is cheap and is family-friendly near Burger King in the city centre that serves English food. It has a customer rating of average.
The Eagle is located in the city centre, near Burger King. The coffee shop is not family friendly. It serves English food and has a low customer rating.
In the city centre near the Burger King The Eagle is not family friendly, but has cheap English food and it is cheap.
In the city centre there is a cheap coffee shop The Eagle. It serves English food. They are not family-friendly and they have an average customer rating.
There is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre called The Eagle. It serves English food. Children are welcome.
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop in city centre near Burger King. It serves English food, near the Burgers. They have received an average rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food and is near Burger King.
The Eagle serves English food at a cheap price range. It is located in s near Burger King in riverside. They are not family friendly.
The Eagle is a non family friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is cheap. They are located on the riverside near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop located near Burger King in riverside. It offers cheap British food.
A cheap, cheap coffee shop in riverside near Burger King is The Eagle. It has an average rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King. It has an average customer rating. This coffee store is family-friendly.
A family friendly coffee shop with cheap English food, The Eagle is located in riverside, near Burger King and is rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food with cheap prices, located near Burger King by the river. It is family friendly.
There is a cheap coffee shop The Eagle, located in the riverside, near Burger King. It is family friendly and serves English food.
The Eagle is a low-priced fast food restaurant located near Burger King. It is cheap but only has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop near Burger King. It is cheap and is located by Burgers.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the cheap price range. It is near Burger King in riverside. The customer rating is average and is family friendly.
The Eagle is not family-friendly, but it is located in the city centre near Burger King, with an average customer rating, and the price range is cheap.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. They are family-friendly and has an average customer rating of average.
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop located in the city center near Burger King. It serves pasta and coffee and cheese and fries.
The Eagle is a cheap, child-friendly coffee shop in the area of riverside. It serves English food and has an average customer rating of average.
The Eagle is a cheap, family restaurant near Burger King. They have an average customer rating.
The Eagle is in the city center, near Burger King, and has a low customer rating. It serves English food. The price range is high and it is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. It has i high price range. They are not children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range with i 1 out of 5 Customer rating. It is located in city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that is not family friendly, located in the city centre, it is high priced and has rated 1 out of 5. It is located near Burger King, but it serves English food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in city centre, near Burger King. It has burgers and cheese and coffee Shop. They are not family-friendly. Their prices are low.
There is an English coffee shop named The Eagle located in the city centre near Burger King. It has a high price range and is not child friendly.
There is an expensive English coffee shop called The Eagle located in the city centre with 1 out of 5 stars and it is child friendly.
The Eagle is a high-priced coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It serves English food. They are children friendly and have rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King, serving Italian food and has mediocre rating of 1 out of 5. It is children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King that serves British food and rated 1 out of 5. It is child friendly.
The Eagle is a high price coffee shop serving English food in the city centre near Burger King. It has rated 'La kid friendly place.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the city centre. They are high-priced, and are kid friendly. Customers rate the Eagle rated The Blue Vegetarian Café
The Eagle coffee Shop serves English food and has a high price range. It is located on the riverside near the Burger King and is not children friendly.
There is a high price range restaurant in riverside named The Eagle. It is located near Burger King. They serve English food. The customer rating is 1 out of 5. This restaurant is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located in Riverside. They are located near Burger King. The customer rating is 1 out of 5. They have burgers and fries
The Eagle is a highly-rated coffee shop that serves English food. It has mediocre ratings, and has high price ranges.
The Eagle is a high priced coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King. It serves English food. They are not children friendly. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with high prices English food. It has rated 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
In riverside near Burger King is The Eagle, a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. Customers give the coffee Shop rated it 1 out of 5 rating.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle that serves English food in the high price range. It's located in riverside near Burger King and is kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers English food. It is child friendly and has high price ranges. it is highly rated near Burger King.
The Eagle is a child friendly, high priced coffee shop located in Riverside close to Burger King. It serves English food and has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in Riverside, near Burger King. Its customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre, near Burger King, it serves English food, and they are not child friendly. They have average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop The Eagle. The price range is high. It is located in the city centre, near Burger King, but it has an average customer rating. They serve English food.
There is an English coffee shop in city centre named The Eagle. It has an average customer rating and is not children friendly. The food is high-range. it is in the city center, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee Shop located in city centre near Burger King, it serves English food in the high price range. It is not child friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee Shop that is not family-friendly with an average customer rating, it is high-priced, English food coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre.
There is an English restaurant near Burger King in the city centre called The Eagle that is not kids friendly. It has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre. It has an average customer Rating and is not kid friendly. The prices are high.
In the city centre near Burger King, The Eagle is an English coffee shop. It is child friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle, located in the city centre, near Burger King, has an average customer rating and is expensive, and it has a child friendly environment.
There is a high priced coffee shop The Eagle that has rated an average customer rating. The price is high. They are family friendly, located in the city centre near Burger King.
A high priced coffee shop in riverside near Burger King is The Eagle. Its customer rating is average.
Located in riverside near Burger King, The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is not family-friendly and is highly rated, it is in the high price range.
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Eagle. It serves British food with a high price range and is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop in riverside with an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located near Burger King on the riverside. They serve English food and they are not child friendly. It is in the high price range.
The Eagle coffee shop is near Burger King in riverside. It has an average rating and not family friendly.
Located near Burger King in Riverside, is The Eagle coffee shop. It serves English food in the high price range. The food is kid friendly, and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a high-priced coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King that it is child friendly and has average customer rating.
The Eagle is a high priced, children-friendly coffee shop that serves English food, located in the riverside near Burger King with average rating.
There is a high price ranged coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside named The Eagle. It has English food. This coffee Shop is children friendly.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located near Burger King. It has grub, it is high priced and is family-friendly.
In riverside is an English coffee shop that has an average customer rating. It can be found in The Eagle. The price is high with children friendly.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It's child friendly, high price range, and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle has English food with a family friendly atmosphere, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located near Burger King. This is children friendly. They are in City Centre with average customer rating.
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop near Burger King, serving English food, has mediocre customer ratings and has average customer rating, it is high priced.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It is children friendly and has English food. They are high priced.
In city centre near Burger King is The Eagle. Their prices are less than £20, it is not family-friendly and rated low.
In city center, there is an English coffee shop The Eagle. It is not kids friendly, but has a low customer rating. The price range is moderate.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. It is near Burger King. The price range is less than £20.
In the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle. They serve English food, they serve moderately priced food. The price range is low and their price is moderate. Its customer rating is only one star.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop with low customer rating in the city centre, near Burger King. It is low-priced.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. It serves English food for less than £20.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King that serves English food and has grub with s less than £20 price range. It has been rated low by its customers. The
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city center near Burger King. It has eats and is family friendly and has low reviews.
The Eagle is a low-priced, non family-friendly, low rated English restaurant near Burger King in the City centre.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food with rated low. It is located at the city centre. This place is child friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop offers English food. It is located in the city centre and has a low customer rating and is child friendly
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop near Burger King in city center. The food is less than £20.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop serving English food in riverside. It is located on the river side and has mediocre reviews.
In riverside near Burger King, The Eagle is a cheap, non family-friendly coffee shop.
The Eagle, located in riverside near Burger King offers English food for a low price and has mediocre reviews, and it is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It serves English food in rated low price range.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King
The Eagle is a low-priced coffee shop with burger and cheese shop. This coffee Shop is family friendly. It is near Burger King, and is located in the riverside area.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King. It is cheap and serves food.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop located near Burger King. It has mediocre customer rating, and has price range less than £20.
The Eagle, near Burger King in the riverside area, provides English food in less than £20. Its customer rating is low.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre. They have rated low customer rating, and they have cheap.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. Its customer rating is low and is in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop that has mediocre reviews. It has an average customer rating and has prices less than 20 pounds, located near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre and has burger and fries for less than £20
There is a cheap coffee shop The Eagle that serves English food, near to Burger King by the riverside. It is family friendly, but it is very poorly rated.
There is a family friendly coffee shop with low customer ratings in the riverside area near Burger King. It is cheap. The Eagle serves English food.
Located in the city centre near Burger King, The Eagle is a coffee shop. It is family friendly and has eats. The price is less than £20
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle coffee Shop offers English food at moderate prices. They are located in the city centre near Burger King, they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5. The Golden Curry is not family-friendly.
A kid friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre, The Eagle serves English food, is rated 1 out of 5 and the price range is moderate.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city centre, near Burger King. They are moderately-priced. The food is kid friendly.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle that serves English food in the city centre near Burger King. Its food is moderately priced and has mediocre customer rating is 1 out of 5. This coffee bar is
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food with low customer ratings. It is moderately priced, and it's kid friendly. They are near Burger King in city centre.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop that has a moderate price range. It is not kid friendly and located near Burger King in the city centre. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle serves English food in the city center near Burger King. It's a child friendly establishment with 1 out of 5 customer ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in City centre near Burger King serving English food with mediocre rating. It is moderately priced, and is children friendly.
In city centre near Burger King is The Eagle which is moderately priced coffee shop. It is kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop that offers English food with mediocre reviews. It is located in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King, and is not kid friendly, it serves English food.
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop located on the center of the city near Burger King. They serve English food.
There is a moderately-priced coffee shop The Eagle, located in the riverside area that serves English food. It is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. The Blue Spice has mediocre customer rating and near Burger King.
There is a coffee shop near Burger King in riverside called The Eagle. It serves English food with rated 1 out of 5 and is not child friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food, located on the riverside is not children friendly, is moderate-priced and has a low customer rating.
The Eagle coffee Shop offers English food with a moderate price range located in riverside near Burger King. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop located in the riverside near Burger King that serves English food. It is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food in riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. The coffee Shop is kid friendly and has eats and is moderately priced.
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Eagle. It is child friendly, serves English food. The price is high, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in riverside, near Burger King and is kids friendly, with rated 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced and has mediocre rating.
The Eagle is located near Burger King in Riverside. They have a moderate price range and serve English food, but it is kids friendly, they have been given mediocre ratings are 1 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop is moderately priced, located near Burger King on the riverside. It is rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
In Riverside near Burger King is The Eagle. They serve traditional British food and they are kid friendly and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop called The Eagle. It is located in Riverside near Burger King with rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop is child friendly. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is expensive and located near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range, near Burger King in city center. It is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre. It is moderately priced, serving English food. Their customer rating is 3 out of 5. It's rated 3 of 5 and they
There is an English coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre with a moderate price range, it is not kid friendly. It is called The Eagle.
The Eagle coffee shop is located near Burger King in the center of the city with moderately priced food
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It serves English food, is not kid friendly, and has rated 3 out of 5.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop called The Eagle that is located in the city center near Burger King. It is children friendly and offers English food. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop serving English foods in the city centre near Burger King. They have received rated 3 out of 5. They are kid friendly.
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop near Burger King in riverside with an average customer rating. It is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area near Burger King. It is located near burger and fries.
The Eagle is a moderately-priced coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop located in riverside, near the Burger King, it serves English food with 3 out of 5 customer ratings. It is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a non kids friendly coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King. It offers English food. Customers give it rated it as 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop in the riverside area that serves English food. It has rated 3 out of 5. It is located by Burger King.
The Eagle coffee shop in riverside near Burger King serves English food and a moderate price range with 3 out of 5 ratings. It is children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food in the moderate price range. It is kid friendly and has rated 3 out of 5. It has been ranked 3 of the riverside and near Burger King
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food with burger, coffee Shop in riverside, near Burger King, it is moderately priced, and is kid friendly. It has mediocre customer rating of
The Eagle is an English coffee shop in the city centre. It is near Burger King and the customer ratings are high.
There is the coffee shop The Eagle located in the city centre near Burger King. It is a coffee Shop serving English food.
The Eagle coffee shop in riverside is kid friendly and serves Italian food near Burger King. It has received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a riverside coffee shop near Burger King that serves English food, it is located on the river, with rated 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly and is in the moderate price range.
The Eagle has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in the riverside area near Burger King. It is children friendly with an average rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in city center near Burger King. The prices are moderate and they are not children friendly. It has English food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the more than £30 price range. It is near Burger King in city centre. They are children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre. It is not family-friendly with mediocre rating. This establishment serves English food.
The Eagle is in the city centre near Burger King with a high customer rating, not child friendly
The Eagle is an English coffee shop located in city centre near Burger King. It has a price range of more than £30 and it has been rated high. The coffee Shop is not children friendly.
The Eagle has a high customer rating and is in the high price range. It is child-friendly. They offer English food. Located in city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in city centre near Burger King serving English food, it has mediocre ratings and is child friendly.
Located in city centre is The Eagle. It serves English food. The price range is more than £30, located in the city center, near the Burger King. They are a family friendly coffee shop with 
The Eagle is a family coffee shop located on the river near Express by Holiday Inn. It is cheap.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre. The coffee Shop is child friendly and has mediocre ratings of high. They serve English food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food It is in the city centre, near Burger King, with mediocres. Its customer rating is high and the customer satisfaction is more than £30. They
The Eagle has a cheap price range that is located in riverside, near Burger King
A coffee shop in riverside near Burger King is called The Eagle, serving English food and has a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a high customer rated coffee shop that serves English food. It is not family-friendly. it is in the riverside area near Burger King.
There is a high rated coffee shop in riverside near Burger King called The Eagle with high customer satisfaction ratings that serves English food, but not children friendly. It is located on the river side, near the Crown
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King, it offers English food. It has rated high and price range of more than 30 pounds.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area that serves English food, The Eagle, which is not children-friendly, has ranging more than £30 and has received s high customer rating.
The Eagle is a kid friendly place in the riverside area near the Burger King that serves English food and is located in river side. It is expensive.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is an Chinese coffee shop that is highly rated. Located in the city centre and has a price range of £20-£20-25.
There is a coffee shop The Golden Palace that serves Chinese food in the city centre with ranging £20-25. Its name is The Giraffe. They are highly rated and they are expensive.
The Golden Palace is a high customer service coffee shop in the £20-25 price range and is located in city centre. It serves Chinese food.
The Golden Palace is an averagely priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has a high customer rating. Located in the city center.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop that is in the city centre. It is not suited for children. Prices are £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a high-rated coffee shop in the city centre serving Chinese food in ranging £20-25 and has rated high ratings.
There is an Indian coffee shop with a high customer rating. The price is £20-£25 in the riverside area and they are in river side.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop with upscale ratings, located on the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city Riverside with Chinese food for ranging £20 to £30-25. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop in the Riverside area. They have high customer rating and price range is £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. They have rated it in the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel with high customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in City centre. They are located on the riverside. The coffee Shop received s high customer rating
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in riverside. The customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace has cheap Chinese food, and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is near Café Rouge in the city centre.
The Golden Palace coffee shop provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in city centre. Customers rate it a 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace coffee shop provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in city centre. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing cheap Chinese food in the cheap price range.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, cheap Chinese coffee shop located in city centre.
There is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre named The Golden Palace. It serves Chinese food with customer ratings of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace has cheap Chinese food. It has a customer rating 5 out of 5. It is near the Riverside.
The Golden Palace is an cheap place in Riverside that offers Chinese food with a 5 out of 5 rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in Riverside serving Chinese food with rated 5 out of 5. It has low customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with customer ratings 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It is not family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating, in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the city centre. It received rated average ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre with Chinese food with cheap prices. It is not family friendly.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has been given an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is an average rated coffee shop in the city centre that provides Chinese food It is cheap.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop located in city centre with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop in Riverside. It is not cheap but average rated.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food. It is located by the riverside. The customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Chinese food and is in the cheap price range. It is located in riverside. They have received an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is an averagely rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in riverside and is based at the Golden Curry
The Golden Palace coffee shop offers Chinese food with cheap prices and has an average customer rating of average. It is in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace coffee Shop serves cheap Chinese food. It has an average customer rating. They are in riverside.
A cheap coffee shop with average customer ratings, The Golden Palace serves cheap Chinese food. It is near the riverside, and has an average rating.
There is a high price coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the city centre called The Golden Palace.
The Golden Palace is in the city centre serving Chinese food.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre and has rated mediocre by their customers.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the high price range. It is in city centre. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre. It is expensive.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with upscale ratings and is located in the city centre.
In Riverside is The Golden Palace, a coffee shop that offers Chinese food with ranging cheap food. It is rated 1 out of 5.
A coffee shop called The Golden Palace is located on the riverside with a low customer Rating. They serve Chinese food.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area, The Golden Palace that serves Chinese food in high price range.
Located on the riverside, near Crown Plaza Hotel, is a coffee shop named The Golden Palace. They offer Chinese food and have rated 1 out of 5
A coffee shop in riverside is The Golden Palace with Chinese food with a high price range. It has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
In Riverside, The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range and rated 1 out of 5. It is located in City centre.
The Golden Palace is rated three star Chinese coffee and coffee shop in the city centre with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in City centre. This venue is not children friendly.
The Golden Palace is a coffee Shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese Food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. Customers rate it an average customer rating.
In the city center, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is The Golden Palace that serves high price Chinese food.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre with high customer ratings. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with s high price range. It is located on the riverside. The coffee Shop has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is an Chinese coffee shop in riverside with a price range of £20 to £225
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in riverside with an average customer rating. It is in the high price range.
The Golden Palace is a high priced Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop named The Golden Palace that serves Chinese food at -a price Range of high in the riverside area with an average customer rating. The coffee Shop is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with rated average and moderate pricing in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace has Chinese food in high price range and is rated average customer rating. It is located on the riverside.
There is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in The Golden Palace in City centre. Customer rating is low.
The Golden Palace is an cheap, low rated coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the city centre and its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre. The customer rating is low. It is cheap and serves Chinese food
The Golden Palace has Chinese food with prices under 20 pounds and is located in the city centre. It is highly rated.
The Golden Palace is a low rated, low-priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is in the city centre, near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is cheap and located in the city centre. They have mediocre ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in Riverside. The customer rating is low.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with low customer ratings. It is located in riverside.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food place in riverside with cheap prices.
In riverside near the Crown Plaza Hotel, there is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It serves Chinese food and has rated low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is low.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop in riverside that serves Chinese food.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in riverside with mediocre customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food and has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is moderately-priced.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with s moderate ratings. It is located in the city centre with customers reviews 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre that has an average customer rating. It is moderately priced.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre, which is located by Express by Holiday Inn. It has i customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. This coffee Shop has s customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It has rated 1 out of 5 with burgers and fries.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is moderately priced and rated 1 out of 5. Its customer rating is 1 of 5, it is located in Riverside.
There is a coffee Shop in riverside called The Golden Palace that serves Chinese food with mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5
The Golden Palace in the riverside area is a coffee shop in river side with low ratings. It is moderately priced, and has been given eats.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop called The Golden Palace, located in riverside. It is located on the river side, serving Chinese food and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an averagely rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is in the riverside area. The price range is moderate and it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is an averagely priced coffee shop The Golden Palace located in city centre serving Chinese food. It is located at the city. The coffee Shop has an overall rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre with mediocre ratings of 3 out of 5. Their price range is moderate.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre with mediocre customer ratings of 3 out of 5. It serves Chinese food. It is located in city center and has eats.
The Golden Palace is in the moderate price range, which serves Chinese food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in city centre.
The Golden Palace is an average Chinese food coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The coffee Shop has upscale food in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre.
There is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre called The Golden Palace that has mediocre ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in city centre with mediocre ratings with the price range of moderate. It has Chinese food.
The Golden Palace has Chinese food with a moderate price range, it's located on the riverside and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is in the riverside area. They have Chinese food. The price range is moderate and they are not kids rated 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop with moderate customer ratings. It is located in riverside, near Café Rouge.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Chinese food in the moderate price range in Riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside with burger and fries. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food rated 3 out of 5 by its customers. It is moderately priced in Riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in city centre. Customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in city centre. The price is high customer ratings
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Customers give it mediocre eater burger and fries.
The Golden Palace coffee shop provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It has Chinese food with high customer ratings. The price range is more than £30.
The Golden Palace is in the city centre with a price range of more than £30. It has s customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace Chinese food restaurant is in the high price range. It is located in city centre.
A coffee shop with Chinese food in riverside is called The Golden Palace. They have high ratings.
The Golden Palace is located at the riverside, a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the high price range. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food restaurant in the riverside area and has high customer rating. It is in river side.
In Riverside, The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop with high customer ratings. The price range is more than 30 pounds and it is high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a high-rated coffee shop in the riverside area with high ratings. It offers Chinese food at st of more than £30.
The Golden Palace serves Chinese food. It has a price range of more than £30 and is located in the riverside. They have mediocres customer rating of high.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop that offers moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. They have a customer rating of high.
The Golden Palace, located in the city centre, serves English food at a price range of £20-25, has i high customer rating,
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre. It has a high customer rating. The price range is £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in city centre. Customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre serving traditional English food, with high customer ratings. It is located in city center.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving English food with upscale food. It is near the city centre and has sat high customer rating.
There is a high rated coffee shop named The Golden Palace that offers sushi in the city centre. Its customer ratings are high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves traditional British food and has burger with high customer rating in the riverside area. It is located in river side, with upscale food.
In the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel is The Golden Palace. It is a coffee shop offering sushi for £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre with prices ranging from £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in riverside. The price range is 20-25. It serves English food and has mediocre customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food and is located in riverside. It has mediocre customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its price range is £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a low-priced coffee shop in the city center, serving English food with burgers. It has received rated 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre called The Golden Palace that serves English food. It is not family-friendly.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre. It is not family friendly. They serve English food.
The Golden Palace coffee shop offers English cuisine in the city centre. They are cheap but have received a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Located in the city centre is The Golden Palace. It has a cheap price range. They have rated it 5 out of 5 with its family.
In the city centre, there is a cheaply priced coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It serves English food with rated 5 out of 5.
Located in riverside, The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop providing British food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in Riverside, serving English food with specializing in cheap price range. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in riverside that offers cheap food with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop serving English food. It is near the riverside. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, five star coffee shop in the Riverside area that serves English food.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Located in the riverside area, The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that is inexpensive and has eats.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving cheap English food. It is located by the riverside. The Eagle has rated 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop serving English food with burger and fries. It is not family-friendly.
The Golden Palace is in the city centre, it serves cheap British food and has been given an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop named The Golden Palace located in the city centre that serves cheap English food. It has average customer ratings.
A cheap coffee shop in city centre called The Golden Palace.
The Golden Palace is in the city centre serving English food in a cheap price range. It is located in city city center.
The Golden Palace has an average rating and serves English food in the city center.
A cheap, English coffee shop in the City centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee Shop in the riverside area that serves English food. It has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace, a coffee shop in riverside with an average rating, cheap prices with average reviews
The Golden Palace is a cheap sushi bar in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop serving English food in Riverside with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace coffee shop offers cheap English food. It has a rating of 3 out of 5. It is in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace has an average customer rating. It is cheap and has average rating
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area. It is cheap and has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the riverside area. Its rated coffee ship has eat and fries at £30.
The Golden Palace coffee shop, on the riverside, serves French food and has an average customer rating.
In the riverside area there is a cheap coffee shop called the Golden Palace. They are rated average and serve English food.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving English food. It is near the city centre. The price range is in the high price.
The Golden Palace is an average coffee shop that sells English food. The prices are high. It is located in the City Centre.
The Golden Palace is a French coffee shop in the city centre with burgers and coffee with high prices
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that offers English food. It's in city centre with mediocre ratings. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that offers English food. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food. It is in s high price range and has mediocre ratings 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is located in the riverside area. It has a moderate price range.
The Golden Palace is an English food coffee shop in the riverside area. It has high price range and a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a French restaurant in the city centre with mediocre ratings. It is very expensive.
There is a high price range restaurant The Golden Palace that serves English food with mediocre reviews and is located in the riverside area.
There is an English restaurant in the Riverside area named The Golden Palace. The customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is in riverside with a high price range and it has eats with an average customer Rating
The Golden Palace is a moderately-priced coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5. It is on the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a high rated coffee shop in riverside. It serves English food.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre. It has received customer ratings of 5 out of 5, and it is in City Centre.
There is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area. This coffee Shop is not kid friendly and the customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a fast food coffee shop with upscale food and is located at the city center.
The Golden Palace has English food in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A coffee shop called The Golden Palace is in City centre. They serve English food and have a high price range. It is not children friendly.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food at i high price range, called The Golden Palace.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre. It is highly rated.
There is a French food place in the city centre called The Golden Palace that has high-priced food. The customer rating is average and they are located in city center.
There is an expensive, English food coffee shop The Golden Palace in the City Centre. Its customer rating is average.
There is a high price coffee shop that serves English food. It is called The Golden Palace in the city centre. They have an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace has a high price range, serving English food and in the riverside area. It is rated an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a high price range coffee shop that serves English food. They are located on the riverside and have an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is an adult only coffee shop that is moderately priced.
The Golden Palace is an expensive coffee shop in the city centre. It's located near the Express by Holiday Inn. Their customer rating is average.
There is an expensive coffee shop called The Golden Palace in Riverside that is rated 3 out of 5 by its customers.
In the riverside area there is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace that serves English food in - high price range and has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the riverside area. It has high-priced food and is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace is located in the riverside area, near Crown Plaza Hotel. It serves English food. The price range is high and it has an average customer rating.
There is a low-rated coffee shop named The Golden Palace. It is located in city center and serves English food
In the center of city is The Golden Palace, which a cheap, family-friendly venue, serving English food. It has mediocre customer ratings.
In the city centre is a low-priced restaurant called The Golden Palace.
The Golden Palace is in the city centre. It has a low customer rating. The coffee shop serves English food. Prices are less than £20.
The Golden Palace is a family-friendly restaurant in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a low rated coffee shop located in the city centre serving low priced English food. It is not family-friendly, but has low customer ratings.
The Golden Palace coffee shop is cheap. It is a low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the riverside.
The Golden Palace is an average coffee shop in the riverside area with a low customer rating.
There is a French coffee shop named The Golden Palace in the riverside area. It has an average price range.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in riverside with English food with price less than £20 and rated low.
Located in the riverside area, The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves British food for less than £20 and has based low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop located in the city centre with a price range of less than £20 and rated low customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves French food in if you are not family-friendly. It is in city center with eat at 'average price and low customer ratings.
Located on the riverside is Blue Spice coffee shop providing English food in the less than 20 euros.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in city centre with a moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the city centre. The restaurant has rated 1 out of 5 and the customer rating is 1 of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in City center.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre. It has English food and its prices are moderate.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves English food in the city centre with a moderate customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre with low customer ratings, serving English food. It is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside.
The Golden Palace serves English food. It is located in the riverside area and has a moderate price range and is rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace serves English food in the riverside area, is moderately priced. It is in Riverside and rated one out of the customers rating.
The Golden Palace has a 1 out of five rating and serves English food in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves British food. It is located in the riverside area and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a riverside coffee shop that serves English food with upscale food.
Located in the city centre, The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing moderately priced food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre. It serves moderately priced food. They have rated eats.
The Golden Palace is an Italian food coffee shop in the city centre. They are moderately priced and have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food is The Golden Palace. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The coffee shop in the city centre, The Golden Palace serves English food and has a moderate customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced English food restaurant in the city centre with customer ratings 3 out of 5
The Golden Palace is an English food restaurant in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced English coffee shop with rated 3 out of 5. It is not kids friendly and located in the city centre.
There is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace that serves English food and is in the higher price range.
The Golden Palace serves English food and is moderately priced by the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with burger and cheese bar that has upscale food. It is on the riverside and is in the more expensive price range.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving British food. It has mediocre customer ratings, located in the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel. The coffee Shop is not kid friendly.
The Golden Palace, located in the riverside area, is an expensive, coffee shop, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and has burgers.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in riverside. The price range is £20 and £25.
In the riverside area there is a coffee shop named The Golden Palace. It serves English food at upscale prices. This coffee Shop has rated 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves English Food in riverside. It is moderately priced. Customers give it a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an English place that costs more than £30. The restaurant has a high customer rating. It is located in the city centre with high ratings.
The Golden Palace, located in city centre serves English food with a price range more than 30 pounds. It is in the city center with high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the high price range with a high customer rating in city centre.
The Golden Palace is a high-priced, English coffee shop located in the city centre
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves English food in the city centre. It is expensive and has received a high customer rating.
The Golden Palace coffee shop in city centre has English food. They have a price range of more than 30.
There is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace, located by the riverside and is in river side. It is high priced.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with an English food with high customer ratings. It is in the riverside area.
In the riverside area there is a coffee shop that offers English food called The Golden Palace. It has rated 3 out of 5. Its customer ratings are high.
The Golden Palace is a cheap restaurant in Riverside that is not family.
The Golden Palace is a highly rated coffee shop serving English food with if you want some good food in the price range of more than £30 and it is located on Riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving English food. It is in the high price range.
The Golden Palace in Riverside serves English Food. It is located in the riverside area.
There is a coffee shop The Golden Palace. They are expensive, they are located on the river and have English food.
The Golden Palace is a cheap family restaurant located in the city centre
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside with high customer rating.
There is a high price coffee shop The Golden Palace that is located in the city centre.
The Mill is a coffee shop in the riverside area that offers Chinese food for ages of £20-25 near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop in riverside near the River and serves Chinese food. The price range is £20-25
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento
There is a Chinese coffee shop that is in the riverside river side near The Sorrento with an average price range.
The Mill coffee shop serves Chinese food in the riverside area near The Sorrento. It has a price range of £20-20-25.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
In the riverside area near The Sorrento, is The Mill. It is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food at mediocre price range.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the riverside. It has burger and fries.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre called The Mill. It is cheap.
The Mill coffee shop serves cheap Chinese food. It is not family-friendly. Located in the city centre near The Sorrento
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop that provides Chinese food. It is located by the riverside.
There is a coffee shop The Mill that provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It has been given mediocre ratings. They are located in riverside and near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a cheap, coffee shop that serves Chinese food in riverside, near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving Chinese food near The Sorrento. It is located in the city centre.
The Mill is located near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It is a coffee shop serving Chinese food.
Located in the city centre near The Sorrento is the coffee shop The Mill, which serves Chinese food with a moderate price range and has burger and fries.
Located in the city centre near The Sorrento, you can find The Mill coffee Shop that serves Chinese food. It is highly-priced.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with upscale reviews, located in the city centre near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a high priced Chinese food coffee shop in the city Centre close to the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Mill coffee shop serves Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill is located in the riverside area that serves Chinese food at a high price range. It is near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a Chinese restaurant in the high price range. It is located on the riverside and is near The Sorrento.
The Mill, near The Sorrento in riverside Chinese food coffee shop, has a high price range.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre. It serves Chinese food, near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a cheap, Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre. They serve Chinese food, near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. They are in the city centre near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop in city centre near The Sorrento
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is near The Sorrento. Located in riverside.
The Mill is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the riverside area. It is low-priced and located in river side of the city centre near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a cheap, Chinese restaurant on the riverside.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside near The Sorrento.
Located in the city center close to The Sorrento is the coffee shop The Mill that serves Chinese food. The price is moderate.
The Mill is a cheap, cheap Chinese coffee shop that is near The Sorrento in the riverside.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food Located in the city centre. It's located in city city the centre near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. It is located in city city center. The prices are moderate and it is near The Sorrento.
Located in the city centre near The Sorrento, there is a coffee shop with Chinese food at mediocre prices, it is called The Mill.
The Mill, a moderately priced, coffee shop, serves Chinese food. It is located in riverside, near The Sorrento.
The Mill is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento, and serves Chinese food. It is moderately priced.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in outskirts to the riverside.
The Mill is in riverside, serving Chinese food in a moderate price range
Located in riverside, The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside, near The Sorrento. Its price range is moderate.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside. It is located in river side The Sorrento in upscale riverfront.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range in Riverside.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located on the riverside.
The Mill is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in riverside.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. Located on the riverside. It is near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a Chinese food place. It is in the price range of more than £30.
Located in riverside near The Sorrento, The Mill is a coffee shop offering English food. It has ranging 20 to 25 dollars.
The Mill is a coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento. They serve English food. It is in the £20-25 price range.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in riverside near The Sorrento.
There is a coffee shop called Blue Spice located in riverside that serves English food. It is located by the river side near The Sorrento and has burger and fries at £20-25 price range.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves English food in Riverside near The Sorrento. It is price range £20-25.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento
The Mill, a cheap, coffee shop in the riverside area serves English food near The Sorrento.
The Mill, located in the riverside area, near The Sorrento in river side serves English food and is cheap
The Mill is a cheap English food coffee shop on the riverside with near The Sorrento. It's in river.
The Mill is an English coffee shop located in the city centre near The Sorrento. It is cheap and has a rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop near The Sorrento on the riverside, it offers cheap English food.
The Mill coffee shop is a coffee Shop that provides British food in the low price range. They are located in Riverside near the Sorrento.
In riverside near The Mill is an English coffee shop that serves cheap food. The price range is cheap and it is not family-friendly.
In riverside near The Sorrento, there is cheap, coffee shop called The Mill which serves English food, near the river side.
In the riverside area near The Mill is a cheap English coffee shop with burger and fries.
The Mill is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento. It serves English food with cheap price range and is cheap.
The Mill coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento. It is not a great for the whole family.
The Mill is a coffee shop in the city centre, which is near The Sorrento, serves English food, but is not family-friendly.
The Mill is an expensive coffee shop located near The Sorrento in the city centre. It is highly rated
The Mill is an English coffee shop with a high price range. It is located in city centre.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving traditional English food, located in the city centre near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop near The Sorrento that provides British food in the high price range.
A coffee shop in riverside, located on the river side near The Sorrento is The Mill, near the Thames. Its prices are moderate.
Located by the riverside near Café Sicilia is a coffee shop that serves English food in the high price range.
The Mill in riverside is a high priced river side restaurant near The Sorrento.
The Mill in riverside is near The Sorrento.
The Mill is an English coffee shop located in riverside near The Sorrento. It is expensive, with an average customer service rating.
In the city centre area near The Sorrento. Its prices are £30.
The Mill is a French coffee shop near The Sorrento with burger and fries.
The Mill is a highly rated coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. Located in riverside.
The Mill, near The Sorrento in the riverside area serves English food and is in river side near the city centre.
There is a coffee shop near The Sorrento in the riverside area. It has eat English food, but has an average customer rating.
There is a French coffee shop in Riverside near The Sorrento. It has burger and fries.
The Mill coffee shop near riverside has a high price range and is rated 3 out of 5.
The Mill is located on the river centre near The Sorrento with a price range of less than £20. It is rated in English food.
The Mill is a low-priced coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves English food, near The Sorrento
The Mill is an English coffee shop in city center near The Sorrento. It has a low price range and is not family-friendly.
The Mill serves cheap English food. They are rated in the city centre near The Sorrento.
The Mill is in the city centre, near The Sorrento, it serves English food and is cheap.
Located in the City centre, there is a coffee shop that serves English food with cheap prices. It is near the Sorrento.
There is a coffee shop that offers cheap food. It is located near The Sorrento, and is near the riverside.
The coffee shop The Mill serves sushi. The price range is less than £20 and they are located near The Sorrento on the riverside.
The Mill coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento serves English food with a price range of £30 and is not children friendly.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop with eat in riverside near The Sorrento that has mediocre price range and is in the river side. The price is less than 20 pounds
The Mill is a cheap, riverside coffee shop.
In the riverside area near The Sorrento is the coffee shop The Mill. It serves English food and has cheap food.
The Mill coffee shop offers English food for a price range less than £20 in riverside. It is near The Sorrento, and is rated 5 out of 5.
Located by riverside in river rivers, near The Mill coffee shop is not family-friendly but is a pricey.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop in the riverside area near the Thames. It serves English food
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is near The Sorrento on the riverside and is in the Riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop serving English food. It's located near The Sorrento.
The Waterman is a French restaurant in the moderate price range. It is located near the city centre, near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a moderately-priced coffee shop located in the city center near The Sorrento. It serves traditional English food.
The Mill, located in the city center near to The Sorrento, is a coffee and coffee shop providing English food in city in if the family are looking for eat.
The Mill is an English coffee shop in the city centre near The Sorrento. It is moderately priced with average reviews.
The Mill is a moderately priced English food restaurant in the city center.
The Mill is an inexpensive coffee shop near Express by Holiday Inn in the center of the city that serve English food.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food. It is moderately priced, located in the riverside area near to The Sorrento.
In riverside near The Sorrento is a coffee shop that offers English food in the moderate price range. This kid friendly coffee Shop is called The Mill.
Located in riverside, near The Mill is a coffee shop that sells English food at if you are looking for moderately priced food.
The Mill is an English coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento. It is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food in Riverside near The Sorrento. It has moderate price range.
The Mill is near The Sorrento in the riverside area and is moderately priced and near a coffee shop serving English food.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop with great customer satisfaction. It is located at city centre.
Located in the riverside area, near The Sorrento, is an English coffee shop with a moderate price range.
The Mill is in riverside, near The Sorrento. It has English food at a moderate price range.
The Mill is an English coffee shop with a moderate price range. It is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop located near The Sorrento. It serves English food at the moderate prices. They are rated 1 out of 5.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving British food. It is located near The Sorrento and is moderately priced
The Mill is a moderately-priced coffee shop serving English food. It's located in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop located by the riverside. It serves English food in the price range of more than £30 near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop located in the riverside area. The price range is more than £30. It is an English coffee Shop.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing English food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in city center.
The Mill is an English coffee shop near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range
There is an expensive coffee shop called The Mill located in the riverside area near The Sorrento. Its name is The mill and they are rated 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area that offers a 1 out of 5 customer service service
Located in riverside near to Express by Holiday Inn, The Phoenix is rated 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is located by the riverside.
The Phoenix serves French food. It is on the riverside.
The Phoenix is a restaurant located in the riverside area, it is located along by the River. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is near the riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5
The Phoenix in riverside has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
With a low customer rating and the riverside area serves fast food at if your kids are looking for the whole family
The Phoenix is located in Riverside, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix has a 1 out of 5 customer rating on the riverside
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is in Riverside. They have a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Phoenix is a riverside place with mediocre customer rating. It has rated 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It can be found in the riverside area.
In riverside, there is a 3 out of 5 customer rating The Phoenix.
The Phoenix is a 3 out of 5 star venue on the riverside.
Located on the riverside is The Phoenix with a rating of 3 out of 5. The pricey and the Phoenix has been given rated 3 star.
The Phoenix is in the Riverside area. It is rated 3 out of 5.
In the riverside area, there is a three star restaurant named The Phoenix. It has mediocre reviews.
The Phoenix is near the riverside. It offers a range of wine, spirits and cheese and fries and spirits at rated 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area. The price range is £20 - £25.
The Phoenix serves sushi. The customer rating 3 out of 5. It is located in riverside.
The Phoenix serves fast food. They are in the Riverside area and have a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area. It has a three star customer rating.
The Phoenix is a riverside location that serves sushi with rated 3 out of 5.
In the city centre area The Phoenix is a high rated venue that serves French food.
The Phoenix has a 5 out of 5 star rating. It serves sushi and is located in the city centre.
The Phoenix is located in the city centre, with a 5 star rating.
The Phoenix in the city centre serves Italian food and has a high customer rating.
The Phoenix is in city centre, near the Express by Holiday Inn. The price range is high and it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix has an outstanding customer Rating located in the city centre. It is located near the City.
The Phoenix is a high customer rating riverside establishment with an average customer service rating.
The Phoenix is a riverside venue with mediocre customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is near the riverside. Their prices range is high and they are a good place to eat with burger and wine bar.
The Phoenix is a high rated venue in city riverside.
In the riverside area, The Phoenix is a five star restaurant. It has burger, cheese.
The Phoenix has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The riverside.
Located in the riverside area, The Phoenix has great food and serves wine.
The Phoenix is a 5 out of 5 rating riverside.
The Phoenix in riverside has a price range of £30.
The Phoenix has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area near the River.
The Phoenix is a riverside place that sells French food.
The Phoenix is an English restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5, located near the riverside.
The Phoenix is a riverside venue with burger and cheese and wine and fries. It is located in the river side. The price range is more than 30.
The Phoenix is an average restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in riverside.
In the city centre, The Phoenix serves sushi.
In the city centre, you will find The Phoenix, located on the north of the City and the customer ratings are average
There is a three star, three-star pub in the city centre called The Phoenix
The Phoenix serves French food in the city centre.
In the city centre, The Phoenix has a customer rating of three stars, and eat at an average price.
The Phoenix serves English food. It is rated as average in the city centre.
The Phoenix in riverside has a price range of £20 and more.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area with an average customer rating.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating.
The Phoenix has a riverside setting.
Located in riverside, The Phoenix serves fast food with an average customer rating. It is in the river side.
The Phoenix is a riverside restaurant that serves fast food in the river side. It is located by the River.
The Phoenix is a riverside area with an average price range.
With an average customer rating and an above average price range of £20 , The Phoenix serves French food. It is located in the riverside area.
The Phoenix in riverside has an average rating and is highly rated.
The Phoenix is a three star venue located in riverside.
The Phoenix is in the Riverside area. It is near to riverside.
The Phoenix is a riverside place with an average customer rating.
The Phoenix is an average restaurant with an adult atmosphere in the riverside area
The Phoenix is near the riverside with a high customer rating.
The Phoenix is located on the riverside. It is expensive, and serves food.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area. It has high reviews.
The Phoenix serves sushi. It's located in the riverside area. They are located on a river side. The price is £20 to £25, and it has mediocre rating.
The Phoenix is a high rated venue in riverside.
The Phoenix in riverside is located in the river side with a high customer rating.
The Phoenix serves sushi and is near the riverside.
The Phoenix serves Italian food. It is located at the Riverside.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area. They are located in river side. It has high customer ratings.
There is a high customer rating river in the riverside area named The Phoenix. It has rated it , and has high ratings.
There is a high rated riverside place in the river side called The Phoenix.
The Phoenix is located on the riverside. It is highly rated and has high customer ratings.
The Phoenix, located in Riverside, serves English food and has a high customer rating.
The Phoenix has a low customer rating restaurant in the city centre.
In the city centre there is a low rated coffee shop called The Phoenix. It serves low-priced food.
The Phoenix in the city centre has a low customer rating.
The Phoenix serves low-rated sushi. It is located in the city centre.
In the city centre area is a French restaurant with high customer ratings.
The Phoenix is located on the river side, with a low customer rating. They are located in the city centre.
The Phoenix has a low customer rating on the riverside and serves French food
The Phoenix has a low customer rating in riverside and is located on the river side.
The Phoenix in the riverside area has a price range of £20-25
The Phoenix is in the riverside area with a customer rating of low.
The Phoenix, located in the riverside area, offers low-rated food and is rated low.
The Phoenix, located in the riverside area, serves English food and has an average customer rating.
The Phoenix serves low-rated food, located on the riverside.
In riverside there is a low rated place in riverfront called The Phoenix. It is located by the river side.
The Phoenix is near the riverside and is rated low.
The Phoenix has a low customer rating and is in riverside.
The Phoenix is a high-rated restaurant located in the riverside setting that offers upscale food.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, The Phoenix, on the riverside, is rated one star.
The Phoenix is near riverside. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a kid-friendly restaurant in riverside that has an average customer rating and rated
There is a child friendly venue with rated 1 out of 5 by its its customers. The place in riverside called The Punter.
There is a kid friendly venue in the riverside area called The Punter. It has mediocre reviews and is in river side.
The Punter is located in the riverside area, serving French food. It has low rating and is children friendly.
There is a child friendly venue in the riverside area. It has rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter in riverside is children friendly, with a rating of 1 out of 5. The Plough is rated 1 star.
The Punter is child-friendly, located on the riverside, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In the riverside area there is an average rated, family friendly venue with a customer rating of 1 out of 5, called The Punter.
The Punter, located in riverside, is child friendly, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In riverside there is a kid friendly venue called The Punter that has rated 1 out of 5. The Plough is an Italian food place with mediocres.
The Punter is a kid friendly venue in the riverside area. It has rated 1 out of 5 and specializes in food.
The Punter is kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is located in the riverside area and is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
In the riverside area The Punter is a family friendly restaurant with mediocre ratings and low customer ratings.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area. It has mediocre customer ratings, and is in river side, it is located on the Riverside.
There is an Italian place called The Punter in riverside that is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. The price range is £20 to £25.
There is a family friendly restaurant in riverside named The Punter. It has mediocre customer rating.
The Punter is a family friendly venue in riverside with mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5.
The Punter, which has a customer rating of 1 out 5 and is family friendly, is in riverside, and has low customer ratings.
In Riverside The Punter is a family friendly venue with mediocre service and rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a family-friendly venue on the riverside, near the Crown Plaza Hotel with rated one star rating.
There is a family friendly, high-priced restaurant in Riverside that is called The Punter.
There is a child friendly venue with rated 1 out of 5 called The Punter, located in the riverside area with an average customer ratings.
The Punter is a family-friendly place in the riverside area with high customer ratings. It is located by the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Punter has a rating of 1 out of 5. It is children friendly. It's in riverside with eats at mediocre prices.
The Punter is located in the riverside area and is family friendly, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is located in the riverside area. It has been given a rating of 3 out of 5. It is child friendly.
The Punter is a kid friendly venue in the riverside area with burger and cheese and fries. It has rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a child friendly place in Riverside and offers burger and cheese and fries, but it has rated it 3 out of 5.
There is a child-friendly venue in riverside named The Punter, it is located in the river side and has rated 3 out of 5. It is near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Punter is located on the riverside. It is kid friendly and is rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is in the riverside area that serves wine and cheeses and fries, located along the Riverside. It serves sushi, but has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a highly rated pub that serves sushi.
The Punter is a child friendly riverside place with rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a family Friendly restaurant located in the riverside area. The price range is more than £30
Located by the riverside, The Punter is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is in the riverside area. The price range is £30. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Located by riverside is The Punter. It is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a kid friendly establishment with grub on the riverside. It has rated 's food.
The Punter is child friendly, serving sushi, and has an average customer rating. It is located in the riverside area.
The Punter is child friendly. It is on the riverside and offers a price range of £20-25.
In the riverside area there is an averagely rated place with a price range of £20-25.
In riverside is a kid friendly place The Punter. It has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a child friendly fast food restaurant located on the river in the Riverside area. It has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a kid friendly establishment in Riverside, with rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter, located on the riverside is children friendly, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is located in the riverside area, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. Their prices are high and they are child friendly.
The Punter is a kid friendly venue in riverside with upscale customer ratings of 3 out of 5.
The Punter serves French food. It is in riverside and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It's kid friendly.
The Punter is a restaurant in riverside with rated 3 out of 5 and is children-friendly.
A children friendly restaurant in the riverside area is The Punter, rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a kid friendly restaurant located by the riverside. It is high-rated, but has mediocre reviews.
The Punter is a child friendly venue in the riverside area with grub rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is located by the riverside. It has an average rating. This is kid friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly venue in the city centre.
In the city centre is an average restaurant that provides Italian food
The Punter is located in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Its customer ratings are 5 and the prices are more than £30.
The Punter is located in the city center. It is not family friendly but is expensive.
The Punter is a children friendly venue in the city centre, which has burger and wine and cheese shop. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel, but has received mediocre ratings of 5 out of 5.
The Punter has an average customer rating and is in the city centre. It is not family-friendly.
The Punter is a 5 out of 5 family-friendly restaurant that is located in the city centre.
The Punter is an expensive, family-friendly restaurant located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a restaurant that serves French food in the city centre. It's child friendly. They are rated 5 out of 5.
There is a 5 out of 5 rated, highly regarded restaurant The Punter. It is located in the city centre. The price range is £20 and £25.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in upscale city centre that serves sushi. It is located in the city center.
The Punter is a restaurant in the city centre that is family friendly, and has rated 5 out of 5.
Located on the riverside and the Punter is a highly rated place. It has been given mediocre ratings 5 out of 5 ranging from £30. This restaurant serves sushi and is not family
The Punter serves sushi and is family friendly, located in riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is located in Riverside, near the riverside. It serves Italian food. The price range is more than £30 and is not family friendly.
The Punter serves French food in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
The Punter is a non family-friendly restaurant in the riverside area. It has rated 5 out of 5 and it is in rivers.
In riverside near The Punter. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a family friendly, riverside restaurant. It is highly rated.
The Punter is a child friendly venue located in the riverside area with high customer ratings.
The Punter is located in Riverside. It serves sushi. The prices are high.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant that provides sushi. It is located in the riverside. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Punter is located in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Punter serves fast food in riverside. It is child friendly, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter, located on the riverside, offers family friendly, and is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a family-friendly place named The Punter in the riverside area that serves sushi. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in the Riverside area that serves wine and cheese and fries. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Punter, located in riverside, serves Italian food. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is children friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area. It is near Crown Plaza Hotel and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a family-friendly venue with specializing in French food. It has mediocre customer ratings. Located by the riverside and has an excellent customer service service rating of 5 out of
Located in riverside, The Punter is family-friendly, but it serves fast food.
There is a family friendly place The Punter located by the riverside. Their price range is more then 20 and they have rated it 5 out of 5.
The Punter is located in riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A child friendly place in riverside called The Punter.
The Punter is located in the Riverside area. They serve sushi and they are child-friendly. Their price range is more than £30.
There is a family friendly place called The Punter, which has rated 5 out of 5. They serve food.
The Punter is a family friendly place in the riverside area, with upscale customer ratings of 5 out of 5. This place serves sushi.
A kid friendly venue with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It can be found in the riverside area, near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Punter is located in the riverside area. It is child friendly, and offers great food and has a 5 out of 5 rating.
The Punter is an English pub in the riverside area. The food is a pub with rated 5 out of 5. Its customer rating is 5 and they are family friendly.
The Punter serves sushi. It is family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Punter is a riverside place with burger bar. It serves wine and cheese and fry in the riverfront
The Punter is located in the riverside area and serves wine, wine and cheese and fries and wine. It has a 5 out of 5 rating.
A children friendly sushi restaurant in the riverside area is The Punter, rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a family friendly venue with mediocre customer rating and located in riverside.
The Punter has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is located in the riverside area, it is child friendly.
The Punter is a riverside restaurant providing sushi in the higher price range.
The Punter is a family friendly venue located in the city centre with an average customer rating.
The Punter is located in the city centre, serving averagely priced food. They are not family-friendly.
The Punter is not kid friendly and located in the city centre, with an average customer rating.
The Punter is an averagely rated, child friendly place in the centre of the city that also has a customer rating of average.
The Punter serves Japanese food and is child friendly. It is in the city centre. The prices are high.
The Punter is located in the City centre. Their prices are less than £20, not family-friendly.
The Punter is located in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter, a riverside, restaurant, offers wine and cheeses, and wine at mediocres.
The Punter is located in the city centre. It offers average food.
The Punter is a child-friendly place located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
The Punter is located in the city centre. It is family friendly, has an average customer rating.
The Punter has an average customer rating, and is child friendly. It is located in the city centre.
The Punter is an average rated venue in the riverside area. It is not family friendly.
The Punter has an average customer rating and has a price range of £30. It is located by the riverside.
In riverside is a kid friendly venue named The Punter. It has an average customer rating.
The Punter serves French food and is kid friendly. It is located in the riverside area. Customers give it an average rating.
The Punter is an English food place with an average customer rating. It is not children friendly. The price range is £20-25.
There is a place called The Punter in riverside that is not family-friendly with an average customer rating.
The Punter is located in the riverside area. It has an average rating and is family friendly.
The Punter is family friendly and serves sushi in the riverside area. They have an average rating.
Located in riverside, The Punter serves Italian food, is children friendly.
The Punter is a children friendly venue in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating.
There is an average rated pub in the riverside area called The Punter.
The Punter serves French food with a customer rating of three out of five, it is kid friendly. It is in the riverside area.
The Punter is a children friendly venue in the riverside area.
The Punter has an average rating and is family friendly.
The Punter serves Italian food in the riverside area with an average customer rating. It is child friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area with an average customer rating. The price is more than £30.
A child friendly eatery, The Punter, is rated three stars.
The Punter is a family friendly place in Riverside.
The Punter is a family friendly place with average customer ratings. It is on the riverside.
The Punter is located on the riverside and is rated three star
The Punter has an average customer rating and is child friendly.
There is a kid friendly place called The Punter. They offer food. It is located in riverside area.
The Punter has an average customer rating and is kid friendly in the riverside area.
The Punter in the riverside area is family friendly and has a three star rating.
The Punter is a children-friendly venue that serves wine, is on the riverside. It is located in the Riverside area and has an average customer rating and it is near to the Thames.
The Punter is a family friendly riverside place that serves Italian food with mediocre food.
The Punter is a restaurant that serves Italian food. The price range is £20 and is on the riverside
The Punter is an expensive venue that is located in the riverside area. It has an average rating and is kid friendly.
The Punter is a family-friendly restaurant located near Crown Plaza Hotel. They are located on the riverside. Their price range is £20 and £25.
The Punter is a family friendly venue that serves Italian food in the riverside area. It is located on the Riverside,
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant with high customer ratings and the price is on the river.
The Punter, near the riverside, is a child friendly venue with upscale food.
The Punter has a customer rating of high and is located along the riverside. It's children-friendly.
The Punter is located in the riverside area with a high customer rating and is children friendly.
The Punter is located by the riverside with a high customer rating. They are rated and their Pried is highly.
There is a place called The Punter, located by the riverside. It has id food, it is family friendly and high ratings are high.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in riverside, it is located on the river side. It serves wine and wine, wine restaurant, and cheese restaurant is in the high price range.
The Punter has a high customer rating. It is family friendly. The place in the riverside area.
The Punter is a child friendly restaurant in Riverside. It has high customer rating.
A kid-friendly restaurant in the riverside area is The Punter. It has a high customer rating.
There is a high rated family friendly riverside restaurant in river side called The Punter. They are ranked as well as their restaurant.
The Punter is a child friendly venue with mediocre rating in the Riverside area that serves wine and fries.
The Punter serves Italian food in the riverside area
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant with burger and wine and cheese bar that serves sushi. It is located in the riverside area and is highly rated.
The Punter is a child friendly restaurant with upscale food. It is located in the riverside area. They serve sushi and have rated the food is highly .
A high rated restaurant in the riverside area that is children friendly is The Punter.
Located in the riverside area is The Punter. It has a high customer rating. The price range is £20 and £25. It is kid friendly.
The Punter, located in the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel, offers a family-friendly environment with mediocres.
The Punter is an Italian restaurant in the riverside area, it is rated high by customers. It is children friendly and has a high customer rating.
The Punter is in the riverside area, it is children friendly with a high customer rating.
In riverside there is a child friendly venue named The Punter. It has rated high and is called The Wrestlers.
The Punter is located by the riverside. Its customer rating is high and it is family Friendly.
The Punter is a kid-friendly restaurant with mediocre dining experience. It is located on the riverside. They serve food and have burger and fries and cheese and wine and fry at The £20
The Punter has a price range of £20 - £25. It is located on the riverside. Its customer rating is high and it is children friendly
There is a child friendly venue in the area of city centre. The Punter serves French food.
The Punter is in the city centre that provides Italian food. Its customer rating is low and it is not family friendly.
The Punter is a restaurant in the city centre.
The Punter, located by the city centre, has low customer ratings, it is not family-friendly.
The Punter is a restaurant in the city centre. It is located in city center
Located in the city centre is The Punter that serves English food and has a low customer rating.
The Punter is a family friendly environment in the city centre.
The Punter, located in city center, serves Italian food with a low customer rating. It is family friendly.
The Punter is a restaurant in the city centre that has mediocre ratings. It is family-friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly venue that serves Italian food in the city centre. It has been given rated low ratings.
The Punter, located in the city centre area, serves pasta. It has a low customer rating. This venue is children friendly.
Located in the city centre, The Punter is an Italian restaurant with a price range of £20 to £25, it is children friendly and has mediocre customer ratings.
The Punter serves French food at a riverside.
A restaurant with low customer ratings. The Punter restaurant has a price range of more than £30.
The Punter is not family-friendly with a low customer rating. It is in the riverside area.
The Punter is a low rated, non family-friendly venue with grub
The Punter has a low customer rating and is located in riverside
The Punter in riverside is not children friendly, it is a cheap, poorly rated venue.
The Punter has a low customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
The Punter is a high customer rating restaurant that offers French food.
Located in riverside, The Punter serves sushi.
The Punter is a family-friendly place in the city center. It has mediocre ratings.
In the riverside area there is an English food place called The Punter. It is not kid friendly. The prices are low.
The Punter is a low-rated restaurant in Riverside. They are children friendly.
The Punter is family friendly and has a low customer rating. It is located on the riverside and serves French food.
The Punter in the area of riverside is a family friendly environment with rated 1 out of 5, and has high customer rating.
The Punter serves French food. It is family-friendly and has a customer rating of low. They are located by the riverside and have rated low
The Punter restaurant serves low-rated food and is located on the riverside.
The Punter, located on the riverside near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, offers a child friendly menu. It has grub and low customer rating.
The Punter is a family-friendly restaurant located in riverside, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is low.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant located in riverside with low customer ratings.
The Punter is a low rated kid friendly venue in Riverside that serves wine and cheese.
The Punter in Riverside is family friendly with a low customer rating.
The Punter is family-friendly, and has a price range of £20-25
Located by the riverside, The Punter is a low rated restaurant.
A child friendly restaurant in riverside called The Punter, has a low customer rating.
The Punter is a family-friendly restaurant with mediocre customer ratings. They are located in the riverside area and have rated low customer rating.
There is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area named The Punter. It is cheap and has eats.
The Punter is family friendly with a low customer rating and is in the riverside area.
Located in riverside, The Punter has a low customer rating and is family friendly.
There is a family friendly restaurant in riverside called The Punter. Their prices are under £20.
The Punter is located along the riverside with low rating. It has a family friendly environment.
The Punter is a low rated place located on the riverside, and yes to eat, it is children Friendly.
The Punter is a riverside restaurant that is family friendly and located in the river side. It is low rated.
The Punter serves Japanese food and is child friendly, it is in Riverside with low customer rating.
The Punter is a family friendly venue that provides low customer ratings. It is located on the riverside.
The Punter is a children-friendly establishment in riverside that serves wine and cheese and fries and is located on outskirts of the Crown Plaza Hotel. It is high-rated.
The Punter, a family friendly environment with low customer rating. They serve French food. It is located on the River.
The Punter is family friendly restaurant in Riverside. The food is in the £20 - £25.
The Punter is in riverside, it is family friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Punter is family friendly restaurant that serves sushi in the riverside area and has a low customer rating.
The Punter serves Italian food. It is located by the riverside and it is kid friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Punter is a high-rated coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located near Café Sicilia.
A coffee shop with Chinese food price range of £20-25 is The Punter, near Café Sicilia. It is high-rated.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Café Sicilia and is expensive and not child friendly. It has i high customer rating.
The Punter is located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia. It is a Chinese food coffee shop with specializing in upscale food with price range £20 to £20-£25
The Punter is a high-priced Chinese restaurant located near Café Sicilia. It is not child friendly and has rated high.
A coffee shop near Café Sicilia called The Punter serves Chinese food. It is highly rated. This is child friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the £20-25 price range, located near Café Sicilia. It has mediocre customer rating and is child-friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is child friendly, located in the area of riverside, near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is high.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia, it is highly rated and kid friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving Chinese food near Café Sicilia. It has burgers and fries, is family friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food with ranging from £20-25 and has mediocre customer ratings. It is located by Café Sicilia. Children are welcome.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the price range of £20-25, near Café Sicilia. It is children friendly and has mediocre customer rating high,
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food. It is located in riverside. They are located near Café Sicilia with iian.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, located near Café Sicilia. It is low priced with mediocre ratings and is not family-friendly.
There is a Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia called The Punter. It has rated 5 out of 5 by its customers.
The Punter is a cheap, highly-rated Chinese coffee shop with burgers, near Café Sicilian.
The Punter is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in city centre. They are near Café Sicilia with rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has rated 5 out of 5
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food. They are family friendly, near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Located near Café Sicilia, is a coffee shop named The Punter. It is cheap and family friendly. They serve cheap Chinese food.
The Punter is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5 in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It is family friendly.
The Punter, located in the city centre close to Café Sicilia serves cheap Chinese food, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. They are not family friendly.
The Punter is a non family-friendly Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia. Its customer ratings are average.
Theres a coffee shop The Punter, near Café Sicilia, which serves Chinese food, is cheap. It is not family friendly, and has an average customer rating
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Café Sicilia. It has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop near Café Sicilia that provides Chinese food Its customer rating is average. It is not family friendly.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop called The Punter. It is not family friendly and has received an average rating. They are near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a Chinese food restaurant in the cheap price range. It is located in outskirts of Café Sicilia, it isn't family-friendly. Customers rate it as average and average
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop near Café Sicilia, with cheap customer ratings an average customer rating and is not family-friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is cheap and has an average rating. Located near Café Sicilia. The customer rating is average
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has mediocre food and is family friendly.
The Punter is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly and serves cheap.
The Punter is a cheap, coffee shop serving Chinese food with average ratings located near Café Sicilia
The Punter is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that also serves Chinese food in the city centre. It is located near Café Sicilia.
Located near Café Sicilia is a high price Chinese restaurant The Punter. It has rated 1 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is not children Friendly and has rated 1 out of 5. It can be found near Café Sicilia.
There is a high price coffee shop The Punter. It is located near Café Sicilia that provides Chinese food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
A high price range Chinese coffee shop called The Punter is near Café Sicilia. The customer ratings are 1 of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. They are located in Café Café Brazil. The price is high and have rated 1 out
The Punter is a high priced Chinese coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is highly rated.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with i high price range. It is located near Café Sicilia with an average customer Rating.
The Punter is a children-friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia, it is high-priced, and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is an expensive Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia
There is a high-priced Chinese coffee shop called The Punter located on the river near Café Sicilia and they are child friendly with rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is an expensive restaurant that serves Chinese food. It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It has been given mediocre burger and fries. it is located in the
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located near Café Sicilia with mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is high priced with an average customer satisfaction rating, near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is high priced and serves Chinese food, it is not children friendly
In the high price range The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is not children friendly and has received an average customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the high price range and is not children friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia. The price is high.
There is a coffee shop called The Punter, which is high priced, near Café Sicilia and serves Chinese food. It is children friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is child friendly and has eat food.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop located by Café Sicilia. They are in he high price range.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside near Café Sicilia. The food is called The Plough. They have an average customer rating.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop with high prices, near Café Sicilia. It is child friendly and rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter coffee shop serves Chinese food with high price ranges located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is average.
The Punter is a non family friendly place that serves Chinese food with rated low, it is cheap and located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that is not family friendly and is in the riverside area. It has mediocre reviews.
The Plough is a cheap, low-rated coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop located near Café Sicilia that has low customer ratings. It has if less than £20. They are not family friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low. The price range is less than £20.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is near Café Sicilia. The price is less than £20.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with prices under £20. It is family friendly and has rated low. Located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter coffee shop serves Chinese food for a family friendly environment. It is located by Café Sicilia. They have mediocre prices.
There is a cheap, low rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food, called The Punter. It is near Café Sicilia and is family friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the low price range. It is located in Riverside near Café Sicilia and has mediocre customer rating low.
In riverside there is an inexpensive Chinese coffee shop named The Punter. It has a low customer rating. They are family friendly. The coffee Shop serves Chinese food.
The Punter is a cheap family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. They have Chinese food. It is cheap.
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has low customer rating. The price is less than £20.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Café Sicilia. It is moderately priced and has been given an average rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre, it is near Café Sicilia and its customer rating is 1 out of 5. Its rating
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. Customer ratings are 1 out of 5. The place is not kid friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre reviews. It is not kid friendly and has burgers, it is located near Café Sicilia. They have eats and drink and fries
There is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant The Punter that is not kid friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is an average coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is not kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It's near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a Chinese food restaurant near Café Sicilia. It is moderately priced.
Located in the city centre near Café Sicilia is the coffee shop The Punter which is moderately priced, and is child friendly. They serve Chinese food.
There is a coffee shop called The Punter, near Café Sicilia. It is not family-friendly and serves Chinese food. The prices are moderate.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. The price is moderate but the customers rate it 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly with burger and coffee Shop that's
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop located by the Café Sicilia, in the moderate price range with rated 1 out of 5 and is family friendly.
The Plough is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located near Café Sicilia in its customer rating of 1 out of 5. Its kids friendly.
The Punter is an average-rated Chinese food coffee shop with moderate price range. It is kid friendly, near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is an Chinese coffee shop in the moderate price range, not child friendly and it is located near Café Sicilia. It is not friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has been rated 3 out of 5. It is not kids friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Café Sicilia that has Chinese food with rated 3 out of 5
The Punter is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia with id rating 3 out of 5.
Despite its moderately priced Chinese food near Café Sicilia is The Punter, located near the Café Adriatic. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not kids friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia that is not family friendly. They have 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. The customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. This coffee Shop serves Chinese food and has id moderate price range. It is moderately priced.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. They are near Café Sicilia. Their customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving moderately priced Chinese food. It is located near Café Sicilia. They have been rated 3 out of 5. They are child friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre, near Café Sicilia. It has upscale ratings of 3 out of 5. It is moderately-priced.
The Punter is a Chinese restaurant located near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly and it has mediocre rating.
The Punter is located in the city centre near Café with Chinese food and is highly rated.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly. The price range is more than £30 and it is highly rated.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in city centre. The price is high and has ear Café Sicilia. Customers rate Thep
The Chinese restaurant The Punter has high customer rating. It is not family friendly.
The Punter is a highly rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located near Café Sicilia, but not children friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia that provides Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in riverside. They have high customer ratings.
The Plough is a highly rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter has Chinese food with a price range of more than £30 and high rating of high. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is children friendly and has mediocre rating.
The Punter is a child friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is high rated and located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop with upscale ratings located near Café Sicilia. It is not rated high.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It serves English food with if despite their price Range of £20-25. The price is more than £30. This is not child friendly
The Punter coffee shop serves English food at a price range of 20-25 pounds. It is located near Café Sicilia in the Café Cotto.
There is a coffee shop named The Punter, which is located near Café Sicilia, they serve English food with ranging from 20-25 euros and have rated it 's average.
There is a coffee shop The Punter that serves English food with ranging from £20-25 and is kid friendly near Café Sicilia. The price range is £30-25, near the Café Brazil. It
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia that offers English food in ranging £30 and is child friendly. Its customer rating is high.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is priced between £20-25, and is located near to Café Brazil.
The Punter coffee shop, near Café Sicilia, is child friendly with a high customer rating, and offers English food. The price is £20-25.
The Punter is a high rated coffee shop that is child friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter coffee shop is a kid friendly coffee Shop near Café Sicilia. It is in the price range of £20-25
A coffee shop that serves English food with a high customer rating is The Punter, located near Café Sicilia. They are rated high and the price range is £20-25. It is children friendly
The Punter is a high rated coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is expensive.
The Punter is an English food coffee shop in the higher price range and has a high customer rating. It is family-friendly.
A coffee shop that is kid friendly near Café Sicilia is The Punter. It is highly rated, serves English food at a price range of £20-25.
There is a cheap coffee shop near Café Sicilia called The Punter. It has been rated 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
The Punter is a cheap, not family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia with rated 5 out of 5 by customers, it's cheaply priced English food.
There is a cheap place near Café Sicilia called The Punter which serves English food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Plough is cheap, family friendly, and serves English food. Located near Café Sicilia and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a child friendly coffee shop that serves traditional British food. It is located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is not family family-friendly, located near Café Sicilia. It is cheap and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
A low-rated coffee shop near Café Sicilia, The Punter serves English food. It is family friendly.
There is a cheap family friendly coffee shop that serves English food called The Punter. They are located on the riverside near Café Sicilia. Their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves English food, located near Café Sicilia, and it has eat.
The Punter is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is located near the Café Brazil. Their food is low and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a cheap restaurant near Café Sicilia. It is very cheap, and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is cheap, near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. They have a 5 customer rated family friendly establishment, and serve English food
A restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating and the price range is The Punter is near Café Sicilia
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is not family-friendly. The customer rating is average. They are located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop located near Café Sicilia with low customer ratings.
The Punter is a cheap English coffee shop near Café Sicilia, located in the city centre. It has mediocre ratings and is not family-friendly.
The Punter is an English coffee shop near Café Sicilia, it is cheap and family friendly, but has average customer ratings
Located near Café Sicilia is The Punter. It has a cheap price range. The coffee shop is not family friendly, and has an average customer rating.
There is an average rated coffee shop called The Punter. It is located near Café Sicilia. This establishment serves English food. The price is £20 and £25.
The Punter is an English coffee shop with cheap prices. It is located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. This coffee Shop is family friendly. The price is cheap.
The Punter is a cheap family friendly coffee shop serving English food near Café Sicilia. It has an average rating.
The Punter is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop serving English food with an average customer rating located near Café Sicilia.
A family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia with low price range, The Punter is near the Café Brazil
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It serves English food.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop in the cheap price range near Café Sicilia. It is cheap and has rated one star.
The Punter is cheap, family friendly coffee shop, near Café Sicilia.
Located near Café Sicilia is an English coffee shop called The Punter. It has an average customer rating and is family friendly and has a cheap price range.
Located near Café Sicilia, is The Punter, a coffee and coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5
The Punter is a coffee shop located close to Café Sicilia with mediocre ratings. It serves English food and has eat in the city center
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food. It has burgers and fries, near Café Sicilia, but has an average customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving English food with high prices and mediocre rating. It is not family friendly.
The Punter is an English coffee shop located on the riverside. It's called The Plough near Café Sicilia. The price range is high, and its customer rating is 1 of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is near Café Sicilia with mediocre ratings.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located near Café Sicilia, with id and is kid friendly. The price is more than £30, and has received poor ratings
The Punter is a high priced coffee shop that serves English food near Café Sicilia. It is children friendly.
The Punter is a French restaurant in the city centre near Café Sicilia, with upscale dining experience. It's family friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a high priced coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It serves English food and is child friendly. The price range is £20 - £25.
The Punter is a child friendly coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. They have received mediocre ratings.
There is an English coffee Shop with a price range of £20 to £25. It is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a high price ranged restaurant near Café Sicilia, which is child friendly and serves English food.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. It near the Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving English food. It is not child friendly, near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is located at the Café Sicilia, near Café Brazil, which serves English food. The price range is high and they have an average customer rating. It is not children friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food, has upscale customer rating and is not children friendly. It's near Café Sicilia.
The Punter has English food in the high price range. It is located in Café Sicilia and is not child friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. They serve English food. It is highly rated and not child-friendly.
The Punter is a high priced coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It serves English food. The prices are high and they are not children friendly
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It has rated average, and has English food.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving English food, located near Café Sicilia. It is child friendly and is in the high price range.
The Punter coffee shop, near Café Sicilia serves English food in a moderate price. Its children friendly.
The Punter is a fast food coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has eat food. The price range is high and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter coffee shop serves English food in a moderate price range. It is located near Café Sicilia.
In the riverside area near Café Sicilia is a cheap coffee shop named The Punter. Its customer reviews are high.
The Punter is a coffee Shop serving English food in the less than £20 price range. It is not family-friendly. it has i low customer rating..
The Punter is located near Café Sicilia. It serves English food. Their prices are low and they are not kid friendly.
The Punter is a low rated coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves English food with if the price is less than £20. It's not family friendly.
The Punter is cheap and located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia, which is not family-friendly. This coffee bar has low customer ratings and is cheap.
The Punter is located in riverside, near Café Sicilia, which is not family friendly. It serves English food and has a low customer rating.
In the price range of less than £20, The Punter coffee shop is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is located near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly and has a price range of less than £20.
The Punter has English food for less than £20. The customer rating is low. It is not family friendly.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It has eat-away and is not family friendly.
In the city centre area near Café Sicilia is The Punter, a family friendly coffee shop, which serves pasta for less than £20.
The Punter, a coffee shop near Café Sicilia is rated low by its customers, is family friendly and has English food.
The Punter is a coffee shop that offers cheap food in the riverside area near Café Sicilia. It is family friendly.
The Punter coffee shop near Café Sicilia serves English food and is family friendly. It has a price range less than £20. The place is near the Café Brazil.
Located near Café Sicilia is a family friendly coffee shop with mediocre rating and rated 1 star. It offers English food for eat with less than £20.
The Punter is a coffee shop with upscale food. It's cheap and family friendly. They are located near Café Sicilia.
In the city centre area near Café Sicilia is The Punter. It is a coffee shop that is family friendly and has mediocre food.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving English food. Its customer rating is low. They are located near Café Sicilia. Their price range is under £20. The Plough is family-friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly, low-priced coffee shop located near Café Sicilia that provides English food with low customer rating, and it is family-friendly.
The Punter is a children friendly coffee shop that serves English food, near Café Sicilia and has mediocre customer rating of low.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food near Café Sicilia and has mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5. Children are welcome.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. It near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food and is not family friendly. It is located in the city centre, near Café Sicilia and has rated 1 out of 5.
A coffee shop near Café Sicilia is The Punter. It serves English food.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving English food, near Café Sicilia. It's kid friendly, moderately priced and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located near Café Sicilia. They are moderately priced. This is not child friendly.
The Punter serves English food with a moderate price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. They are family friendly but have rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter coffee shop serves English food. It is located in city centre, near Café Sicilia. They are kid friendly, with moderate prices. The price range is moderate and they have a customer rating of
The Punter is located near Café Sicilia, near the Café Brazil, which serves English food in the £20 - £25 range with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Punter is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Café Sicilia, it has eats and is highly rated.
The Punter is a kid-friendly coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a French restaurant The Punter. It is near Café Sicilia.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. Their price range is more than £30
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia serving English food with burger and cheese and coffee.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. The customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
There is an English coffee shop called The Punter that is not kid friendly. The price is moderate, near Café Sicilia and is located in the Café Café Brazil and near the riverside and it is a
The Punter is an English coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It has a 3 out of 5 rating. They are not family-friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving English food. It is located near Café Sicilia and has rated 3 out of 5. Its prices are moderate. The coffee Shop is not kids friendly.
The Punter coffee shop serves English food in the moderate price range near Café Sicilia. Its price is moderate and is not kid friendly.
Located near Café Sicilia, near the Café Brazil, serves English food at a moderate price range. The Punter is not kid-friendly and has rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
A moderately priced coffee shop near Café Sicilia, The Punter, serves English food, is not kid friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop with upscale food. It is kid friendly and located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a moderately priced, family friendly, moderate rated English food restaurant located close to Café Sicilia
The Punter is an English coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It has a moderate price range. They have rated 3 out of 5 by customers. The Plough coffee Shop is child friendly
A coffee shop that serves traditional English food is The Punter near Café Sicilia with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly.
A moderately priced coffee shop near Café Sicilia, The Punter has English food, it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is children friendly and has been rated 3 of 5, and it
The Punter is a restaurant with upscale food. It is located in the city Centre near Café Sicilia. The price is £20-25.
The Punter is a restaurant near Café Sicilia, which is moderately priced, and serves English food.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, low rated venue serving Italian food.
The Wrestlers is children friendly with a price range of £30 and rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place, which has grub rating 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly place with mediocre rating. It is in the high price range, and is child friendly.
The Wrestlers offers food in the high price range. The kid friendly establishment is highly rated by the customers.
The Wrestlers, near The Crown Plaza Hotel, is family friendly, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly sushi restaurant. They serve food for the whole family. It is moderately rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly restaurant with mediocre ratings.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place in the city centre with rated 3 out of 5 and ranging in price ranges of £30.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly place that serves Italian food. It has rated one out of five stars and has an average rating.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue with burger bar and cheese bar that is low rated and suited for eats.
The Wrestlers serves French food in the high price range. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is children friendly
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food and has a rating of 1 out of 5. The Wildwood is rated 1 of 5, and is family Friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue with mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area with prices ranging above £30-25
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place, it offers Italian food and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place with burger and cheese shop with low customer rating.
The Wrestlers has a low customer rating. It is kid friendly and has been given mediocre ratings.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place with grub and is low rated. It is located in the city centre, with low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a high-priced place with rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue that serves French food and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is an adult only establishment with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly, and serves wine and fries.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with rated 1 out of 5. It is near The Six Bells and is in the higher price range.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento. It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers serves French food, is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue that has mediocre rating and is located near The Sorrento. Its prices are above £30 and it has been given rated 1 out of
The Wrestlers is an English food place that is family friendly. It is near The Sorrento and the ratings are rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers offers a family-friendly atmosphere. They have an average customer rating and they are located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place near The Sorrento with low ratings and is located near the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place that serves Italian food. It is near The Sorrento. They are rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue that is near The Sorrento with mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5, but they are near eat and have burger and fries.
In the riverside area, near The Wrestlers, is children friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In the riverside area The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place with mediocre rating. The price range is more than £30.
The Wrestlers is family friendly with a rating of 1 out of 5. They have low ratings. They are near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers serves French food in the price range of £20 to £20-£25. It is child friendly.
In riverside near The Sorrento there is a place called The Wrestlers. It is child friendly. They are rated 1 out of 5.
In the riverside area near to The Sorrento, The Wrestlers is a child friendly, low-rated, and rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place near The Sorrento. It has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A restaurant called The Wrestlers is family-friendly. The price range is more than £30 and the rating is 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant that serves wine and cheese and wine restaurant. It has rated 3 out of 5.
A child friendly restaurant with a three star rating The Wrestlers is rated restaurant.
The Wrestlers is child friendly and serves wine and cheese and fries and drink and wine bar. It is in the high price range.
The Wrestlers has a kid friendly menu of more than 30.
A child friendly place with a 3 out of 5 rating is The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers offers a kid friendly environment and is in the high price range.
There is a kids friendly venue called The Wrestlers. Their price range is over £30 and it is highly rated.
A children friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is family friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5 The Wrestlers serves French food. They are family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant that serves pasta and cheeses and fries and wine and appetizers. It is children friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, The Wrestlers is rated 3 of 5. It is kid friendly.
There is a kid friendly restaurant The Wrestlers that is moderately priced with i rating of 3 out of 5.
For a kids friendly venue, try The Wrestlers. It is based on the river. Their price Range is more than £30. They are highly rated.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly restaurant. It is high-priced.
The Wrestlers is child friendly with a price range of £30.
The Wrestlers is children friendly with the price range of £20-25 and the Wranglering it is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is child-friendly place and serves Italian food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A kids-friendly place The Wrestlers has 3 out of 5 ratings. It is a place to eat and drink.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly, family friendly place. Their price range is more than £30.
There is a family-friendly place called The Wrestlers. They have rated it 3 out of 5. It is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue that serves Italian food with mediocre.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue that provides Japanese food Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers serves sushi. They are children friendly and have an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a 3 star place with burger and wine and spirits.
The Wrestlers is a low-priced restaurant with rated 3 out of 5 by its its customers, which is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue with rated 3 out of 5. They are family friendly.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, The Wrestlers is rated 3 of 5. It has an average customer Rating.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue located in the riverside area near The Sorrento. It has rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kid-friendly place in riverside near The Sorrento. It has rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place located near The Sorrento with rated 3 out of 5 with their price range of £30.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue near the Thames. It is located near The Sorrento, with rated 3 out of 5. The Vaults serves sushi.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento. It is a kids friendly place with rated 3 out of 5, but it has upscale reviews.
The Wrestlers is a three star venue that serves fast food. It is near The Sorrento and is located in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento, is a family friendly venue that provides Japanese food. It is near the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place located near The Sorrento. It has burger, and cheese shop that serves French food. They have rated it 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento, which serves Italian food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. Its customer ratings are 3 of 5, and yes it is kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento and is children friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly venue near The Sorrento. It's rated three stars and is located near the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue that serves Italian food. It is located by The Sorrento and is near The Punter. The price is £30.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place with rated 3 out of 5 near The Sorrento, it is near to The Mill.
The Wrestlers is a three star venue that offers fast food. It is located in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue with mediocre ratings and is located near the riverside with 3 out of 5 stars
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento. It serves sushi and has a customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue located near The Sorrento. This establishment serves French food. It has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento in the riverside area. It has a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant with grub near The Sorrento. It is highly rated. The prices are high.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue located by The Sorrento. It has rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue with rated 5 out of 5 by customers and is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers serves great quality food and is not family friendly, and it is located on the river and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated family-friendly venue with upscale food.
The Wrestlers is a non family friendly venue with upscale ratings of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a non family-friendly venue that serves fast food. It is located in the area of Riverside near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is not family-friendly, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. This place can be found near The Sorrento
The Wrestlers is located in city center near The Sorrento that serves sushi. It has a high customer rating. The price range is £20 to £25.
The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento, is not family-friendly and serves Italian food and is a place.
There is a child friendly restaurant called The Wildwood. They have rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers has a 5 star family friendly environment and upscale dining experience
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with burger and cheese and sushi bar with 5 out of 5, and has mediocre rating.
The Wrestlers is a child-friendly restaurant that serves food and has rated 5 out of 5 in customer ratings of the food. It is located in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers serves sushi and has high customer ratings. It is child friendly.
The Wrestlers has high ratings and is family friendly
The Wrestlers serves fast food with high customer ratings and is children friendly. The price is more then 30 dollars and it is located in The Vaults.
The Wrestlers is family friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a 5 out of 5 rated kid friendly restaurant that serves sushi.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue that serves sushi. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with burger and fries and wine and cheese and fry at if the family-friendly. It is located in the city centre. This restaurant is in mediocr
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with burger menu. It is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel and has upscale ratings of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue serving sushi with rated 5 out of 5.
There is a family friendly venue with mediocre reviews called The Wrestlers that is high rated. It serves wine, wine and cheese and spirits.
There is a family-friendly restaurant called the Wrestlers which is located on the riverside. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue offering sushi and wine and cheeses and drinks.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with rated 5 out of 5 and if you are looking for eat at the price range is more than 30 pounds.
The Wrestlers has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is child Friendly.
The Wrestlers is an expensive child friendly place that is located in the city center
The Wrestlers is family friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in city centre.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly establishment with burgers and rated 5 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers offers family-friendly food with a price range of more than £30. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place with upscale ratings of 5 out of 5. It is in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a child-Friendly restaurant that serves sushi. It has burger and fry at eat, and is highly rated.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant that has rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue offering sushi. It has rated five stars.
There is a 5 star family-friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly establishment. It is located on the riverside, and the price range is high.
A family friendly venue near the riverside called The Wrestlers is highly rated, The Waterman. The customer rating is 5 out of 5. The Wildwood, near The Sorrento, and
The Wrestlers offers great food at a family friendly environment with mediocre ratings, near The Sorrento. They are near the riverside.
There is a child friendly coffee shop named The Wrestlers. It serves Italian food near The Sorrento. Their food is high and they have high customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly establishment located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has 5 out of 5 customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly coffee shop with burger and cheese bar near The Sorrento, with customer ratings of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento. It is child friendly, and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers, located near The Sorrento, offers family-friendly food, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers has a 5 out of 5 rating, is aimed for the whole family and is located near The Sorrento. It is in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is a family-Friendly place that serves Italian food. It has i customer rating of 5 out of 5. The price range is £20. They are located near The Sorrent
The Wrestlers has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is family friendly. It is located by The Sorrento
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place near The Sorrento with rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento, is a family-friendly venue with ranging more than 30 pounds.
The Wrestlers is an average rated venue that serves fast food. It is child friendly, near The Sorrento
The Wrestlers is a child friendly establishment near The Sorrento. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue located near The Sorrento. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento in the riverside Area and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
In the city centre is a kid friendly venue called The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento. It is high priced and has been rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly establishment with high ratings that sells fast food near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, 5 out of 5-star coffee shop. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place that serves French food and has rated 5 out of 5. It is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is family friendly, located near The Sorrento. It has high rating.
The Wrestlers is not family-friendly and is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is average.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with an average customer rating and an excellent rating
The Wrestlers has a three star rating. It isn't family-friendly
There is a three star coffee shop that is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is not family-friendly place to eat and drink at the price range of £30 and it has an average Customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly coffee shop that provides Japanese food. It has received average ratings.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located near The Sorrento with the customer rating average. It is not child friendly.
There is the family friendly coffee shop The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento. It is in the high price range and has a customer rating of average
The Wrestlers serves sushi and is not family-friendly. It is located near The Sorrento. The price range is £20 - £25. It has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a pub with an average customer rating and rated it is located by Express by Holiday Inn
The Wrestlers is a child friendly, three-star restaurant.
The Wrestlers has an average customer rating and is a kids friendly environment.
The Wrestlers has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
There is a child friendly place The Wrestlers. It has an average customer rating.
There is a family-friendly place The Wrestlers, which has an average customer rating.
There is a family friendly venue The Wrestlers. They serve French food and they are in the £20 to £25.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue that offers food.
The Golden Curry serves Japanese food. It is located in riverside near Café Rouge and has an average customer rating of 5 out of 5. It has children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a good choice.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, low-cost, family-friendly restaurant.
The Golden Curry is a Japanese food venue located near Café Rouge in the riverside area. It's child friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly, family friendly venue that has average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place with the customer rating of average.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly fast food restaurant that received average rating.
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food and is child friendly. The price is £20 to £25.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue that serves Italian food.
There is a family friendly restaurant The Wrestlers that serves sushi. It is located in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place that serves wine.
With a customer rating of three out of five, The Wrestlers serves sushi with an average rating and is child friendly.
For an average customer rating, try The Wrestlers. They are family friendly and they are a place.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with an average customer rating.
There is a child friendly venue called The Wrestlers. The price range is £30 and it is located in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place, which has an average customer rating. The price range is high and it is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers is a kid-friendly venue with prices ranging from £20-25. They are suited for you.
There is an English food place called The Wrestlers, it is near The Sorrento. It is family friendly and has a customer rating of average
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced kid friendly venue near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers serves English food and has an average Customer rating. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento. It has an average customer rating but is child friendly and is located near to riverside
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place near The Sorrento. The price range is £20-25 and its customer rating is average.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place with an average customer rating. It is in the price range of £20 to £20-£25, near The Sorrento.
A family friendly venue called The Wrestlers is rated three stars and serves French food. It is located close of The Sorrento in a price range of £20 and £25.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, near The Sorrento in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating.
Located near The Sorrento and is family friendly, The Wrestlers, is a pub that serves French food. This place also has an average rating.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento. They are not family friendly and are rated as average.
There is a child friendly coffee shop near The Sorrento. It has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue with an average customer rating, near The Sorrento. It is located in the riverside area, and it has an Average customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place with moderately priced food near The Sorrento in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is an English food place with an average customer rating. It has an adult only environment. They are located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers serves sushi. They are near the city center and the customer rating is three star.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place with mediocre rating and rated 3 out of 5.
A child friendly restaurant in The Wrestlers is in the high price range with an excellent rating.
The Wrestlers has an excellent customer rating and a family-friendly environment and is located on the river.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue with high ratings and upscale customer ratings.
There is a high rated child friendly coffee shop called The Wrestlers that is highly regarded.
The Wrestlers is an averagely expensive restaurant with a high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue that has burger bar that offers wine and fries, is located in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, high-priced venue with mediocre ratings.
For a kid friendly environment, try The Wrestlers with high ratings.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly establishment with high customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly place that serves Italian food. The price range is £20 and £25.
The Wrestlers is an expensive, family friendly restaurant. Its customer rating is high.
The Wrestlers has high customer rating, and is child friendly
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue that offers wine and cheese and wine at burger and chips. It has been given rated high.
The Wrestlers is a high rated kid friendly place.
The Wrestlers serves sushi. It is highly priced and highly rated.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue with mediocre reviews with high ratings.
There is a kid-friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food called The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue. It is highly-rated with burger and fries and cheese bar that serves sushi.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue with high ratings and burger and cheese shop that has mediocre ratings.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue with upscale food. They are highly rated.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with high customer ratings.
There is a place called The Wrestlers that serves sushi. They are rated high.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place with mediocre rating. It is highly rated and is in the price range of more than £30.
The Wrestlers is a high customer rating kid friendly venue with high prices. They are located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly, highly rated place to eat near The Sorrento. It is in the city centre.
A child-friendly venue near The Sorrento is The Wrestlers. They serve French food. It is high rated.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue with ranging more than £30 near The Sorrento. It's in the area of riverside and serves French food.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place near The Sorrento that serves wine. It is near the riverside and is very expensive.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue near The Sorrento with mediocre ratings.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place with high customer ratings and is located in the area of riverside near The Sorrento, and offers food.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento. It is child friendly. They serve Italian food and have a high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a high-priced venue near The Sorrento that serves Italian food. The customer ratings are high. It is child friendly and it is in the riverside area.
There is a kid friendly place with high ratings The Wrestlers located near The Sorrento. It is located by The Cotto with upscale customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place that has mediocrer customer ratings. It is located by The Sorrento and is high-rated.
There is an expensive place The Wrestlers. The customer rating is high. It is family friendly. They are in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue that offers Italian food. It is located near The Sorrento and is highly rated and located in the riverside area, near the Soryon,
Located near The Sorrento, The Wrestlers is a family friendly place. Its customer rating is high, and the price range is over £30.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue near The Sorrento in the city centre. It has burger, and has high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly establishment that is low rated and is not suited for all.
The Wrestlers serves Italian food, it has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a one star restaurant providing sushi. Its customer rating is low.
The Wrestlers is a non family-friendly venue. It serves French food, but the price is less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a non family-friendly, low rated venue that serves wine, and fries
The Wrestlers is a good place with burgers and cheese bar with cheap prices.
The Wrestlers is not family-friendly. It serves low-rated and is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers is a pub that offers wine and fries. It has burger and cheeses. They offer low ratings.
With a price range of less than £20, The Wrestlers, serves French food. It has rated 1 out of 5. The family friendly
The Wrestlers is a low rated, not family friendly environment.
The Wrestlers has a low customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is located near the river and The Sorrento. It serves French food and has a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is rated low by its customers. They are not family-friendly.
Located in the riverside area near The Sorrento, the Wrestlers serves French food. It is not family-friendly. They are not child friendly. The price range is low.
The Wrestlers serves French food with a low customer rating, is not family friendly. It is located near to The Sorrento in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is a low rated restaurant near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly. It is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is located in city centre near The Sorrento, which is not a family-friendly venue. The price range is less than £20.
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento. It has a low customer rating. This place is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento, has a low customer rating, not family-friendly. It is located in the city centre.
The Wrestlers, located near The Sorrento, serves French food and is not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place that offers food and has low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is family friendly, with low ratings. It is a family-friendly venue with eats and drinks.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with grub with low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue. It serves pasta.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, cheap restaurant.
The Wrestlers is children friendly, with a price range of £20-25 and has mediocre customer rating.
The Wrestlers serves Italian food and is family friendly. It has a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers has a low customer rating and offers low-cost food. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly, low rated family friendly venue that serves sushi.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with mediocre reviews. It is located near the Thames.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly place with low customer rating.
The Wrestlers serves French food, it is child friendly with a low customer rating, and has grub.
The Wrestlers is family-friendly place with a low customer rating that is rated low by its customers.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly, low rated place to eat.
There is a family friendly, low rated venue The Wrestlers with mediocre reviews
The Wrestlers has a low customer rating, but family-friendly atmosphere
The Wrestlers is a child-friendly venue with high customer ratings. They serve wine.
The Wrestlers is a child-friendly place that provides sushi and is family friendly. It has high customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with mediocre reviews, and cheap food.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place, located in the area of riverside. They serve low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with mediocre customer ratings. The price is £20 to £20.00
The Wrestlers offers family friendly food at a low cost.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly place with burger and wine and cheeses. It is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, family friendly place with mediocre customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant with mediocre reviews. It is in the low customer rating.
There is a family friendly pub called The Wrestlers. It's near The Sorrento and has low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly pub that is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento. It is low-priced.
There is an average-priced, Chinese, coffee shop called The Wrestlers, in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place providing Chinese food in the £20-25 range. It is located in city centre.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Chinese food restaurant in riverside. It is kid friendly and near Raja Indian Cuisine with the customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In the riverside area is The Wrestlers, a Chinese food restaurant. It is kid friendly. Price is £20-25.
Located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is a cheap Chinese restaurant called The Wrestlers. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap family friendly, Chinese coffee shop with burger and cheese and coffee Shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Chinese restaurant located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, which is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside that serves Chinese food.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It has mediocre and it
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine that sells Chinese food with mediocre rating. It has eats.
A high-priced coffee shop in the city centre is a Chinese coffee Shop. It's not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is not child friendly and near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It is not child friendly with Chinese food. They are located near Raja Indian Cuisine with mediocre prices.
There is a high-priced Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre that has mediocre ratings. It is not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. They are located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. It is located in city, near the Raja Indian Cuisine. This coffee Shop is not kid friendly and is moderately priced
The Wrestlers is a child friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in City center near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is child friendly in the city centre. Its customer rating is high and it is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a high-priced coffee shop located in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop that is children friendly with high prices. It is located on the river near Raja Indian Cuisine in the centre of the city.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food, near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside. It is children Friendly. Prices are high and the price range is high.
The Wrestlers is a high-priced coffee shop providing Chinese food It is not family friendly and is located on the riverside, close to Raja Indian Cuisine
There is a Chinese coffee shop that is not children friendly with high prices, The Wrestlers in Riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Located in the riverside area of the coffee shop The Wrestlers, is not family-friendly and has a price range of £20-25.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside. It is not family friendly.
In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine is The Wrestlers. It is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. They are kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is not children friendly, it is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. They serve Chinese food and have high price range.
The Wrestlers is a high price coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. It is also child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in outskirts of Riverside. The place has an average customer rating. They are kid friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. They serve Chinese food and they have high price range.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine, it is child friendly. It's called The Wrestlers and has ranging high price range.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the high price range. It can be found in riverside..
The Wrestlers is an expensive coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the riverside area. It is children friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine, and is kid friendly. It is a family friendly place.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, non family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in City centre.
There is a coffee shop in the City center that serves Chinese food called The Wrestlers that is not kids-friendly and is moderately priced.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Chinese restaurant in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves Chinese food.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre, close to Raja Indian Cuisine. Its not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is an average Chinese food restaurant in the city centre, located in city near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves Chinese food with burger.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that has rated it is in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre with mediocre food with cheap prices.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is not family-friendly, located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine with Chinese food for less than £20.
The Wrestlers coffee shop provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in city centre. They do not allow children.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is low price and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly and is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in riverside. They are not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside. It is located by Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a Chinese coffee shop called The Wrestlers, located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It is family friendly, and is cheap.
The Wrestlers is an inexpensive coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in Riverside.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, family friendly, cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has grub. The price range is less than £20.
The Wrestlers is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food. This is family friendly, with a price range of less than £20 and has rated 5 out
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the low price range. It is located in riverside.
The Wrestlers is an average Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside in the less than £20 price range.
Located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine The Wrestlers is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop with an average rating.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has mediocre prices.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre called The Wrestlers which offers Chinese food. It is moderately priced and has rated.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are moderately priced and not kids friendly.
The Wrestlers, located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine, is not family friendly, and has Chinese food. It is moderately priced.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with moderate prices and is located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine. This is not kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It's not kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. They are located in city centre close to Raja Indian Cuisine. It are not kids friendly and have an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It has moderate prices, located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It near Raja Indian Cuisine and is moderately priced.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. The price is moderate and it is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop that provides Chinese food. It is located in the city centre. This place is kid friendly and is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is located in the city centre near Indian Cuisine and offers Chinese food in a moderate price range. It is children friendly.
There is a Chinese coffee shop called The Wrestlers. It has burger and fries and has an average price range. This coffee Shop is located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has mediocre food with eats and coffee Shop.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre ratings near Raja Indian Cuisine that is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop with moderate prices. It is not children friendly, it is located in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It offers Chinese food. The price range is moderate and is not kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is not kids friendly and is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is moderately priced. The customer rating is 3 out of 5 and it is not kid friendly in the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its food is moderately rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that is located on the riverside. It is kid friendly, near Raja Indian Cuisine. Their price range is moderate and they serve Chinese food.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It is moderately priced.
In the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine, you can find the coffee shop The Wrestlers, which serves Chinese food at a moderate price range.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in outskirts of the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. The coffee Shop located by the riverside, is children friendly.
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food at a coffee shop. The price range is more than £30 in the riverside area and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area and is child friendly. It has upscale food.
The Wrestlers is a high priced coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the high riverside. It is located in river side of Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly Chinese coffee shop with high prices near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food at i price range of more than £30. It is located in the riverside.
The coffee shop, The Wrestlers is located in riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kid-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area that serves English food. Its customer rating is average.
The Wrestlers serves English food and is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is family friendly and has a price range of £30.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food. The price is £20-25, and it is in the £30.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that offers English food and is located in the riverside area. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine. They have eats but they are child friendly
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop in the Riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food.
The Wrestlers is a cheap family friendly coffee shop in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It offers cheap British food and is family friendly.
There is a French coffee shop in riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine called The Wrestlers. It is cheap and family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, family friendly English coffee shop located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee Shop serving cheap English food. It is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside. It serves English food.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly coffee shop providing English food in the low price range. It is located in Riverside.
There is a cheap family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It is called The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine. This coffee Shop serves English food and is cheap.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly restaurant that serves English food. It is in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. Prices are more than 30 pounds.
The Wrestlers is a high price ranged English restaurant in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine, it is children friendly and has received mediocre rating
Located in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine is The Wrestlers. It is not children friendly and serves English food.
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop with a high price range and Located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers, located in the city centre, is an expensive coffee shop providing English food It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is high priced and not children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a high priced coffee shop serving English food near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a cheap coffee shop The Wrestlers. It is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is located in a coffee shop serving English food. It is not family-friendly. They are in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestling Tree coffee shop offers English food in the high price range. It is located on the riverside. They are not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine serving English food. It is not children friendly, and has mediocres ranging in the high price range.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food and is high-priced.
The Wrestlers is in the riverside area and near Raja Indian Cuisine. They serve English food. It has high price range and are child friendly.
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop located by Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a high price range and rated 3 out of five stars.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a high-priced coffee shop in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves English food. It is children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food. It's in the riverside area. The customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is high, it is family friendly and near Raja
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside that serves English food. It is high priced and is in the river side near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside named The Wrestlers which is child-friendly and serves English food. It is high price.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food and is located in riverside with high prices near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a child friendly coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop called The Wrestlers in riverside. It is high priced, it serves English food and is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Located in the city center, The Wrestlers is an English food coffee shop with high prices.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing English food It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the area of riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It's not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, English coffee shop in city centre, located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family-friendly.
There is a cheap coffee shop in the city center called The Wrestlers. It is located by Raja Indian Cuisine. They serve British food.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, riverside coffee shop that serves English food. It is family friendly, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves English food for less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving English food with mediocre food. They have grub near Raja Indian Cuisine and they do not allow children.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop located in the City centre near Raja Indian Cuisine with English food with eats with prices less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is cheap and it serves English food in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop located on the river centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine, and serves English food
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine with an average customer rating. They are not family-friendly..
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food and is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers serves English food in the city centre. It is a low-priced family-friendly coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is not family friendly and serves English food at a cheap price, near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a low-priced coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine that provides eat meals. This coffee Shop is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that offers low priced food. It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is a non family friendly, cheap coffee shop.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family-friendly and serves English food. They are low price range.
There is a non family-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area that serves English food. The Wrestlers is low price coffee with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a low priced coffee shop that is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has an average customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop in riverside, serves English food with cheap prices and is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food. The price range is more than £30. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is a low-priced coffee shop located in the city near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is family friendly and has been rated average.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a non family-friendly coffee shop that serves cheap food. It is in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is not family friendly, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is cheap and is low rated coffee ship.
The Wrestlers coffee shop offers English food. This coffee Shop is located on the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine and is family friendly. It is rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is family friendly, serves English food at a price range of less than £20. It's near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that is family friendly. It's cheap but is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It serves English food.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is cheap and family friendly.
Located in city center near Raja Indian Cuisine is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is moderately priced.
In the center of the city near Raja Indian Cuisine, there is a moderately priced restaurant called The Wrestlers that serves English food. It is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. Their price is moderate and the price range is less than £20
There is a coffee shop that provides English Food with burger and cheese in the moderate price range, located in city centre. It is not family friendly and it is located at the center of the city near Raja
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has moderate price range and is not kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food, located near Raja Indian Cuisine in City centre and is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop offers English food. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre and has a moderate price range and kid friendly atmosphere.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high. The price range is moderate.
A kid friendly coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre serves English food, is moderately priced with a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves English food and is moderately priced, located in the city centre. It's family friendly
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves English food and has burgers. The price range is moderate
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop with moderate prices, not family friendly. It is located by the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is moderately priced and located in the riverside Area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area. It is not kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving English food, near Raja Indian Cuisine on riverside. They are not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the riverside area near the Raja Indian Cuisine that provides English food at mediocre prices
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that provides moderately rated sushi. It is located in the riverside. The price range is moderate. This is children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is highly regarded.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving English food in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is moderately priced and family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located by the riverside serving English food. It is moderately-priced, is kid friendly and has mediocre reviews.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that sells French food with burgers and coffee shops in the riverside area that is moderately priced. It has mediocre rating.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving moderately priced English food. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers coffee shop located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine, is a kid friendly coffee Shop that offers food at eats.
In riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is The Wrestlers, which serves English food in the moderate price range and is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced family friendly restaurant in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a French coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving English food near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It is kid friendly. Prices are moderate.
There is an Italian coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside named The Wrestlers. They have a moderate price range and are child friendly
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving English food. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. This coffee Shop is child friendly and has high price range.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly, high-priced, riverside coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine with eating English food.
Located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers is a child friendly establishment serving English food. Price range is more than £30.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that offers English food with upscale food. It is located in the riverside area. Children are welcome.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that provides English food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in riverside. The coffee Shop is children friendly and has mediocre reviews.
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has an average price range of more than £30. The price is more more.
Travellers Rest Beefeater in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is a low-priced pub. They have rated 1 out of 5 and are not kid friendly.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near the Raja Indian Cuisine with customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine. The price range is 1 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area, it is rated 1 out of 5.
There is a riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine with rated 1 of 5, it is the Travellers Rest Beefeater. It has burger and cheese and fries.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is an Indian food establishment. It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, located on the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a low-priced restaurant in the riverside area. It is near Café Adriatic. Travelleaters has rated 1 out of 5 by its
A coffee shop that serves Fast food near Raja Indian Cuisine, is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It is located in Riverside, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located along the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater serves Japanese food and is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area, which is rated 3 out of 5.
A restaurant near the river, Travellers Rest Beefeater is in riverside. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine with 3 out of 5 customer rating.
A restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It is located on the river.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves Italian food. Customers have rated it 3 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine, is moderately rated and has a 3 out of 5.
A riverside river near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater serves Indian food. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine. This venue is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area with a price ranging of 20 and £20-£25. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside and near the Rajan Indian Café, it is a place that offers sushi and is highly rated.
There is a coffee shop near the riverside called Travellers Rest Beefeater. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves Italian food and has mediocre ratings of 3 out of 5.
Located in the city centre near the Indian food restaurant, Travellers Rest Beefeater is highly rated.
Located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater, serves fast food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a five star, highly rated restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A fast food restaurant in the city centre called Travellers Rest Beefeater is not family-friendly. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is an Indian food place named Fitzbillies near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a five star place located in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, is high priced and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating
Travellers Rest Beefeater serves fast food in Riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop that serves Fast food in the riverside area near the Raja Indian Cuisine with high ratings and is named Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine and has high customer ratings.
Located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater, in river side, is Travelling Tree, a 5 out of 5. It is highly rated and is
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located by Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside. It is a five star river side.
A coffee shop that provides sushi. It is near the riverside. They serve Indian food, but they are not family-friendly. Customers give the Travellers Rest Beefeater a 5 out of 5.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine and provides sushi at upscale.
Located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater is a 5 out of five star coffee shop serving fast food.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a 5 star restaurant in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater, rated 5 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, a three star venue near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre, is the Travelleda.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine with average ratings.
A place in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine with an average rating of three stars.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is an average rated coffee shop that serves Fast food near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater with an average customer rating and an expensive meal.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is in the riverside area near Café Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is average.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant providing an average customer rating. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside.
The Golden Curry is a three star restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside.
Located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater, is a three star pub offering averagely-rated sushi.
A cheap, riverside restaurant in the river side area is Travellers Rest Beefeater, near Raja Indian Cuisine and has an average customer rating.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater, near Raja Indian Cuisine, has an average customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located by Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. It is not family and has an average customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a riverside restaurant with an average customer rating. It is located on the river.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. This restaurant has an average customer rating.
A restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It has a customer rating of three star
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a riverside place with an average customer rating. It is located on the river near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater has a high customer rating located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Indian food place near Raja Indian Cuisine in river side riverside is called The Golden Curry. It has a high customer rating and is in the riverfront
Travellers Rest Beefeater serves fast food and has received a high customer rating. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its prices are high and it has a high customer rating.
Located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a high customer rating.
There is a riverside coffee shop called Travellers Rest Beefeater that serves sushi near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has eat with an average rating.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area, with high ratings.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a high customer rating.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater, near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre, is a restaurant with mediocre customer reviews.
A Fast food place in the city centre is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It is located in city Centre near Raja Indian Cuisine
Located in the city center close to Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater, is a low rated, low-rated restaurant with mediocres.
A low rated venue that is in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a city centre, located in the city center close to Raja Indian Cuisine. It has mediocre reviews.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater, on the north of the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, has a low customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a low customer rating.
In the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn there is a coffee shop named The Mill with low reviews and is not family.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located by Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside and near Rajatics. It is low rated.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area and has a low customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a riverside restaurant with mediocre customer reviews.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is an Indian restaurant with low customer rating. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. They serve French food and have a low customer rating.
A riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It has a low customer rating.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside that has low customer ratings.
Located in the riversideside area near Raja Indian Cuisine Travellers Rest Beefeater, is a low customer rated coffee shop. This restaurant serves low regarded food.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a riverside venue, near Raja Indian Cuisine. They have mediocre customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a low customer rating.
A coffee shop with Chinese food is Wildwood near Ranch and it has a high customer rating. It has an average price range between £20-25.
a coffee shop with upscale Chinese food near Ranch. It has i high rating, and the price is £20 and £20-£25.
There is a coffee shop with Chinese food with sat pricey. This has received mediocre rating of high. it is located near Ranch.
There is a coffee shop near Ranch called Wildwood that serves Chinese food in ranging from £20-£20-25. It is called the Wild Man that has mediocre ratings.
There is a coffee shop called Wildwood that serves Chinese food with high customer ratings, it is highly rated. It is in the £20-25 price range. it can be found near Ranch and has eat
A Chinese food coffee shop with high ratings is The Wildwood. It is highly rated. They are located near Ranch and the price range is £20-25.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is cheap Chinese coffee Shop. It is near Ranch. They are cheap. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food with rated 5 out of 5
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese Food near Ranch, called Wildwood, near the Ranch with burger and coffee shops, which is cheap. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre near Ranch.
Wildwood is cheap Chinese coffee shop near Ranch. Customers rated Wild Grove 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is cheap. Its customer rating is average.
There is a low priced coffee shop near Ranch called Wildwood that offers Chinese food with an average customer rating.
The Wildwood is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located near the Ranch with an average customer rating.
Wildwood serves cheap Chinese food. It is near Ranch. They have an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located near Ranch with average ratings.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is cheap. The food has an average customer rating.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop called Wildwood. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. They are rated 1 of 5 and are high priced near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is near Ranch. This coffee Shop has s 1 out of 5 customer reviews.
Wildwood is a Chinese food restaurant with high prices. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a highly-rated Chinese food coffee shop located near Ranch. This place is high price range.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range. They are near Ranch. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The coffee shop The Wildwood is near Ranch that provides Chinese food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch with mediocre Chinese food with high prices. It has burger and fries and coffee Shop.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. The price range is high, it is located in the riverside near Ranch and has an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It's rated as average. They are located near Ranch,
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in outskirts of the Ranch.
There is a coffee shop with average prices, near Ranch. It serves Chinese food.
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop that is high priced. They are in the city centre near Ranch. Its customer rating is average.
There is an average Chinese coffee shop called Wildwood with an expensive price range between £20-£25. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch, that serves Chinese food at s pricey food with low customer ratings.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is situated in outskirts of the city centre.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop serving Chinese food with mediocre ratings. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a low rated coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is in the city centre.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop located in the riverside area, near Ranch, that serves Chinese food for less than £20. This coffee Shop has received rated low customer rating.
The coffee shop Wildwood serves Chinese food with a moderate price range. It is located by Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food at s moderate price range. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located near Ranch, near the Ranch. They have rated 1 out of 5 and they are moderately priced.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop near Ranch that serves Chinese food called Wildwood. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop located near Ranch. It is moderately priced and rated low customer ratings.
The Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop located near Ranch. It has mediocres rated 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. They are near Ranch. This coffee Shop is near the Ranch with ear Ranch and they have been given
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch with Chinese food. It has i moderate price range, and rated 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food, near Ranch. It has rated 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. Customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the high price range. it's located near Ranch, near the Ranch. Its customer rating is high.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Ranch with burgers and fries. It is expensive.
There is a Japanese coffee shop with burgers and coffee Shop called Wildwood. It has s high customer rating. They are in the more than £30 price range. near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in Ranch with burger. Customer rating is high.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in Riverside. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese cuisine with if you want to try to eat with your children to visit the Ranch.
Bibimbap House is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with high customer reviews, near Ranch with burger and cheese and fries. Its name is Wildwood.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving French food. It is highly rated, and has ranging from £20-25 range.
There is a coffee shop with burgers and cheese and drink with high customer rating. It is near Ranch. The price Range is £20-25.
Wildwood is near Ranch. It is a coffee shop offering English food.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch. Their customer ratings are high.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre near Ranch, with mediocre reviews.
Wildwood coffee shop near Ranch serves English food in the £20-25 price range. It has a high customer rating.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is called Wildwood. They are cheap but not rated 5 out of 5. It has eat.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood coffee shop, near Ranch serves English food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5, and has mediocres eat, is cheap.
There is a cheap coffee shop named Wildwood. It serves English food. The customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is in the city center near Ranch.
Wildwood serves English food. It is cheap and near Ranch.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop in the high price range. It is located near Ranch. They are cheap with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Wildwood is a cheap, family coffee shop that serves English food, near Ranch
Wildwood is a cheap English food coffee shop near Ranch. It has received customer ratings 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. They have been given an average customer rating. Located near Ranch
Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch that sells English food. They are low priced.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop serving English food. It is located near Ranch and has received rated average.
There is a cheap coffee shop Wildwood that serves English food near Ranch. This place has an average customer rating.
The Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food. It is located near Ranch and has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop in the city centre near to Ranch. They have a cheap price range.
The Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop near Ranch, it serves English food, and is not family-friendly.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop with a price range of low. It is located near Ranch with an average customer rating.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop near Ranch. It has an average customer rating and the price range is cheap.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch. It serves English food in - upscale price range. The prices are high and they are rated 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a high price range coffee shop located next to Ranch. Its price is £20 and £20-£25
Wildwood is not a coffee shop serving English food at i high price range. It is located near Ranch and has mediocre customer ratings.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the river side. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a high price range coffee shop near Ranch. It has i 1 star rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing British food in the high-priced price range. It is near Ranch, and its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a high price coffee shop located near Ranch. It's called Wildman. Customers give it eat there rated Wild Grove mediocre.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch with mediocre customer rating of 3 out of 5. It serves English food and has if price range of £30.
There is a coffee shop called The Wildwood that offers English food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is located near Ranch.
Located near Ranch, Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves traditional British food.
Wildwood is a high priced English coffee shop in the riverside area with mediocre ratings.
There is a coffee shop called Wildwood near Ranch. They serve English food. Their prices are average and have an average customer rating.
Wildwood serves English food. They are located in the riverside area near Ranch. It has an average customer rating and are expensive.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near the Ranch. It serves English food.
There is a coffee Shop named Wildwood, near Ranch. It is English, and has an average customer rating of average.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop located in the city centre near Ranch and has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is not a family-friendly coffee shop serving English food for grub with i price range of less than £20 near Ranch. It has rated low.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with upscale food located in the riverside area near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving English food in Riverside. It is low rated with price range less than £20.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with mediocre price range less than £20, it is located in the city centre near Ranch.
Wildwood coffee shop near Ranch is cheap and has received low customer ratings.
Wildwood is located near Ranch, which is a coffee shop providing sushi at an inexpensive price range. The Wild Grove is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that is not family family friendly and is near Ranch, it has eat with if your looking for grub.
A coffee shop with a price range of more than 30 pounds near Ranch is Wildwood
There is a cheap coffee shop named Wildwood near Ranch that serves wine and fries.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop that serves food. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop near Ranch. It is low priced and has been given a rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is near Ranch. Customer ratings are 1 out of 5 and near to Ranch
There is a moderately priced coffee shop named Wildwood near Ranch. It serves moderate English food. They have mediocre customer ratings
Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop located on the riverside.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves English food in the moderate price range. It is located near Ranch. They have rated 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving English food. The customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced with Located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch with specializing in English food with high ratings.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop in Riverside near Ranch with a moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop called Wildwood. It serves English food. Customers have given Wild Grove s 3 out of 5 ratings.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves English food near Ranch with mediocres rated 3 out of 5 and has upscale food.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop near Ranch called Wildwood that serves English food. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is located on the riverside near Ranch and serves English food in the moderate price range. Its customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop near Ranch called Wildwood that serves English food. They have rated 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5, near Ranch.
