Alimentum is not a family-friendly place to eat, and is located in the city centre area.
Alimentum is Located in the city centre. It is not family friendly.
Alimentum is located in the city centre which is not family friendly.
Alimentum is located in the city centre close to the Express by Holiday Inn. It serves food.
The Alimentum is located in the city centre that serves inexpensive Indian food. It is not family friendly.
There is a cheap place in the city centre Alimentum.
Alimentum is a moderately priced place located in the city centre near Burger King.
Alimentum is located close to the city centre. It is on the river side, it is not family-friendly, at a price range of £20-25. A Aliments is near Burger King.
Alimentum located in the city centre near Burger King for all you will find Aliments. For moderately priced food, it also got a 3 out of 5, not family friendly
There is an English coffee shop in the city centre called Alimentum near the Burger King.
In the city centre near Burger King is Alimentum. It is not family-friendly, but has a price range of £20 and 25.
Alimentum offer moderately priced sushi and has a non family friendly atmosphere. It is in the city centre.
Alimentum is located in the city centre and offers children friendly food. It has a moderate price range.
Alimentum is a family-friendly venue that serves cheap food and the family friendly environment. It is located in the city centre and it is in city.
Alimentum is a kid friendly, riverside Chinese restaurant.
Alimentum costing children. It is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is a family friendly venue in the city centre that has burger and good French food they are located in City centre.
Alimentum is a family friendly restaurant that serves French food is on the low price range. Located on to the city centre.
Alimentum is located in city centre near Burger King and a family friendly venue.
Alimentum is a location in the city centre near Burger King, and has burger and cheesey food. It specializes in French food with ranging less than £20. Welcome to Alimentsum.
There is a fast food place Alimentum sorted family friendly Aliments, located by the river outside of the city centre. It is cheap.
Alimentum, situated in the city centre, near Burger King, is child friendly.
Alimentum, is found in the city centre with a price range of £20 to £30. It is not family-friendly.
Alimentum at riverside sells Chinese food is in the river side environment. It has a high price range.
There is a riverside place English in river side called Alimentum that is not family friendly.
Alimentum in riverside, serves sushi, has a kids friendly atmosphere and can be found by our customers.
Alimentum is located in riverside. It is family friendly.
Alimentum is located on the riverside. This place is not family friendly.
Alimentum offers low price ranges. They are located on the riverside.
The Alimentum is near the riverside. It serves pasta for less than £20.
Alimentum serves up Japanese food in the riverside area, near Crown Plaza Hotel, it is not family-friendly.
Alimentum located in the city center near the Burger King is not family friendly and has a price range of £20 £25
Alimentum in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn is not a family friendly venue, with 3-5-priced atmosphere
in the riverside area near Burger King, Alimentum for a low price is an adult only, river side and serves food.
Along the riverside near the Burger King, Alimentum is a family friendly venue that serves fast food.
Alimentum coffee shop near Express by Holiday Inn is not a family friendly environment however, located near Burger King. The place serves Italian food.
Alimentum is located near Burger King and not for kids
Alimentum is located in riverside in the river side near Burger King. They are not family friendly and have a decent price range.
Alimentum and near Burger King in the riverside area near the Burgers. It is for your family.
Alimentum is near The Indian Food and no family friendly.
Alimentum is family friendly and on the river which serves cheap food.
Alimentum provides Italian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
Alimentum is located near the river that is child friendly.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area that is kid friendly. It can be found by the Thames.
Alimentum is an establishment in riverside. It offers wine and cheese, family friendly restaurant at a reasonable price.
Alimentum is near the riverside, it is family friendly and rated less than £20.
Alimentum is a children friendly restaurant with despite its families friendly atmosphere in the riverside area. It is cheap and has.
Alimentum serves kid friendly food in the riverside area.
By the riverside is Alimentum which is rated 3 out of 5 , its family friendly and has a price range of more than £30.
Alimentum is a family friendly place near the riverside.
Alimentum is located on the riverside. The restaurant is called Alientum and is child friendly.
Alimentum is a child friendly restaurant in Riverside that offers eats in Aliance. It is located by the riverside and also have high prices
Alimentum is on the riverside it is family-friendly.
Alimentum is children friendly and has a price range of £20 and in the riverside area.
Alimentum is in the riverside area that is family-friendly dining experience.
Alimentum in the riverside area is kids friendly, the name is Alimentsum, price range is a river side place, and it has burger and fries.
At the riverside Alimentum is child friendly. It sells an average venue.
Alimentum is near the riverside. Yes they are families friendly.
Alimentum near riverside. It is family friendly and near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Alimentum provides child friendly food in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Alimentum in riverside, is family friendly fast food place.
Alimentum restaurant at riverside has excellent French food. In the price range less than 20 dollars.
Alimentum is a kid friendly place with over £30.
Alimentum serving food in the riverside area to the north of the Riverside area. It is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Alimentum is kids friendly located on the river. It is called the Aliments.
Alimentum is a five star coffee shop family friendly located on the riverside. It serves Italian food
Alimentum, near by the riverside, serves moderately priced food and is family friendly.
Alimentum is located near the riverside, that serves sushi. This venue serves Italian food and is family friendly.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area that is kids friendly. The food serves Aliments has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Alimentum is a cheap family-friendly restaurant on the river in the area of riverside.
Alimentum has French food. This family friendly eatery is found along the riverside.
In the riverside area you can get English food in Alimentum at Alimentsum. I was rated 1 out of 5. It is no family friendly
Alimentum in riverside is a fast food place that is family friendly.
Alimentum in riverside provides family friendly food near Alia river.
Alimentum is near to the riverside serving cheap prices, yes, however it's welcomes children.
Italian Food at the Alimentum on the riverside is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It has a child friendly setting.
Alimentum serves a riverside place and on the river side. Children are friendly
Alimentum serves French food in the riverside area near Burger King, it is kid friendly and is child friendly.
There is an Italian dining experience that they is family friendly near Burger King on the riverside nearby Burgers called Alimentum.
Alimentum is on the riverside. It is family friendly. Fast food place with an average customer rating.
Alimentum is the place to go there in riverside, near Burger King. It has a range of between 30 to 25 euros and is close to Burgera - family friendly eatery
Alimentum has a place near Burger King on the riverside, family friendly, has fair food and aimed away from the children.
Zizzi is located at the riverside which is child friendly and is also near to Burger King. They offer a family friendly atmosphere.
Alimentum located riverside by Burger King is a kid friendly venue.
Alimentum serves pasta in the riverside area near Burger King, in river side is family friendly, located by Burgers.
Alimentum is a pub located in the riverside area near Burger King. It is family friendly and is called Alitum.
Alimentum, a family restaurant near Burger King on the riverside, is pricey and offers fast food.
Alimentum of Alimentsum located near Burger King by the riverside offers a non family friendly environment.
Alimentum is found in the riverside area, near Burger King, it is child-friendly.
Alimentum serves up fast food. It is kid friendly. Located in riverside near Burger King is a place near the Burger Cotto.
Alimentum, is a riverside, near Burger King, serving moderately priced food at Alimentalum , family friendly.
Alimentum is a family located on the riverside near Burger King
Alimentum serves delicious children friendly Alimentss. It is located in the riverside river side near Burger King
For cheap price range near Burger King in the riverside. It is also family friendly.
Alimentum, which is near Burger King on the riverside, serves Italian food in the price range of £20 or more
Alimentum is located in the riverside area close to Burger King by the Eagle. Child friendly.
Alimentum is near Burger King on the riverside. The Aliementum provides sushi at a river side price range of £20 - £25 in.
Near Burger King on the River with family friendly Alimentum is the riverside.
Alimentum is located near Burger King on the riverside. It is family friendly.
Loch Fyne, near Burger King in the riverside area, sells wine and appetizers. It is located in river side and are children friendly.
There is a riverside and near Burger King near river in the river side called Alimentum that is child friendly and offers English food.
Near Burger King in the riverside area. It is that Alimentum which provides English food and is kid friendly.
Alimentum, located on the riverside, near Burger King, the Aliance is a family friendly place which serves French food.
Alimentum on riverside near Burger King. You will find Alimentso, good for the family, close to Yippee Noodle Bar.
Alimentum is located in Riverside near Burger King. It is kid friendly and is cheap and rated 1 out of 5.
There is a family-friendly riverside place, near the Burger King. It has i price ranges of £20 and the customers rate Alimentum as it is family friendly.
Alimentum in riverside near Burger King serves French food and is kids friendly.
Alimentum is a family friendly venue on the riverside near Burger King
Alimentum in Riverside near Burger King is family friendly and has mid-range food for under £20.
Alimentum is located in riverside area near Burger King and is family friendly. It is considered a low-priced.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, Aromi, located in the riverside area, serves Chinese food with grub,
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop, located in the riverside area has mediocre ratings, but they are not rated 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It has gotten 1 and is not rated 1 out of 5 by its customers. It is found, along the riverside.
Aromi is an Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It is only 1 out of 5. This coffee Shop is non family friendly establishment.
Aromi is a based and children are going to take the family Chinese restaurant in Riverside.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside. It is family friendly and also has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly local Chinese coffee shop with mediocre view on the riverside.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area with low customer rating. It is located in Riverside.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in Riverside. It is kid friendly, but has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop in Riverside with i customer rating of 1 out of 5 and located on the riverside.
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop located in Riverside with mediocre ratings.
There is a Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly with mediocre food in riverside called Aromi.
Aromi is a kid friendly pub located in the riverside area with Chinese food with ranging 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a low-rated coffee shop located in the riverside area that provide Chinese food. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a moderately priced coffee shop that serving Chinese food in the riverside Area. It is not kids friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop with ea customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly. It's riverside near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in the riverside area serving Chinese food. It has grub is family friendly and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in city centre that has Chinese food with mediocre rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a five star place located by river centre. This coffee shop provides Chinese food It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a restaurant providing Chinese food It is located in city centre. Its location is not family friendly. Our price is £20 to £30.
Aromi is a poor-rated Chinese coffee shop with upscale customer rating, located in city centre. It's family friendly
Aromi coffee shop near the city centre serves Chinese food. They are not family friendly. Customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
The Aromi is a 3 stars coffee shop located in the city centre called Arobyne that serves Chinese food. Not well rated.
Aromi is located in the city centre and serves Chinese food. It is highly rated.
Aromi is a 5 out of 5 Chinese food family friendly environment in city centre with burgers and fries and coffee shop.
Aromi is a family-friendly Chinese coffee Shop in the city centre and has burger. It is located in city center and its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is family friendly and does have mediocre customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a children friendly Chinese called Aaromis rated 5 out of 5. located in the city centre.
There is a coffee shop with Chinese Cuisine and the customers have rated it 5 out of 5. They have food in the city centre.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop with o customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the Riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel with high ratings.
Aromi is a coffee shop near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that serves Chinese food. It has burger and frys from Avalon and is not family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside with rated 5 out of 5 5 with customer ratings.
Aromi is a coffee shop selling Chinese food in the riverside area. It is not family friendly. The A coffee Shop is located in river side with an average customer rating.
In the Riverside area of the city centre is a family friendly coffee shop called Aromi. The customer rating is 5 out of 5. Its near Café Sicilia.
Aromi is a family friendly Indian coffee shop in the riverside area with rated 5 out of 5.
With 5 out of 5 rating, Aromi is a family friendly venue in the riverside area. It serves Chinese cuisine.
Aromi is a coffee shop offering Chinese food with their rating of 5 out of 5. It is children friendly. It's located on the riverside.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in riverside rated it is family Friendly. It has upscale ratings.
Located in Riverside Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. It has been rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food in Riverside. It has received mediocre reviews.
Aromi is a highly, family friendly Chinese coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area
Aromi serves Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area, near Crown Plaza Hotel and family friendly.
Aromi is a non family-friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop with average customer ratings located in the city centre. Not family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre with an average customer rating. The meal is not family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating and serves Chinese food near the city centre- its customer ratings are average.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It has an average rating. They are not family friendly.
Aromi is an average Chinese food place in the city centre. They are rated and sells average quality food.
Aromi is a Chinese. It has an average customer rating it is not family-friendly. They are located in the city centre within the center the area of city.
There is a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre called Aromi,, sa good place called The Ada, they have an average customer rating. They are located at the riverfront, we
With that its customer rating is Aromi is not family friendly. it serves Chinese food and has an average customer customer Rating in the city centre
Alimentum is a Chinese coffee shop rated average, child friendly centre, and the customer rating is average.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with average customer ratings. It is family friendly.
The Aromi is a friendly coffee shop that offers Chinese food. It is located in the city centre with an average customer rating.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre serving Chinese food its customer rating is average.
Aromi serves Chinese food in riverside
Aromi is a family friendly oriented Chinese coffee shop on the riverside with an average customer rating.
Aromi is a 3-star Chinese coffee shop in Riverside. The coffee Shop is not family friendly. It is located on the riverside.
In the riverside area is an adult oriented coffee shop called Aromi. It serves Chinese foods, and averagely rated.
Aromi is a Chinese restaurant is located on the riverside. It has an average customer rating but not family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop that is not family friendly. They are located on the riverside. Their place received average ratings.
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop as well as serve Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area and the coffee Shop is in riveri.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside. It has an average customer rating and is family-friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop, located along the riverside, it is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area, with prices ranging in less than £20
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese in riverside with an average rating.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It is family friendly, with high customer ratings.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area.
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop in riverside. It has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop in Riverside that serves Chinese food with an average rating. Come remembers say it is family friendly.
There is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside called Aromi. It is located in the river side and is family friendly.
A coffee shop on the riverside, sells Chinese food at an average price with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the riverside area and is child friendly. Its customer rating is average.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside. It has an average customer rating and is kid friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese food place in riverside they have mediocre rating. It is kid friendly
Aromi is an average, Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside. The coffee Shop sells a child-friendly experience has received high ratings.
Aromi is a kid friendly, Chinese coffee shop with upscale customer ratings located in the riverside area.
In riverside near the Aromi is a French coffee shop serving Chinese and has burger joint with an average customer rating. The A family friendly coffee experience is as ranging in price is high.
Aromi is a child friendly coffee shop. It is located in the riverside area and sells Chinese food. The coffee rating is high.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. Its rating is high but the customers rate eats at very high in it is in river side and this
Aromi coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area serves Chinese food. It has a high customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving Chinese food called Avalon in riverside. It has burgers and coffee. There customer rating is high.
Aromi is a kids friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food, it can be found in the riverside area. It is high rated.
Aromi is a kids friendly coffee Shop that serves Chinese food in Riverside. It has mediocre ratings.
Aromi is a one star venue located in the city centre, its customer rating is not family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It is family friendly and has low customer ratings.
Zizzi is an English coffee shop located in city centre. It has a high customer satisfaction rating and is not family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre. It is not family friendly.
Located in the city centre, The Aromi is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop. It is not family friendly.
The Aromi is a low rated coffee shop that also serves Chinese food from their in City centre. It also has low customer rating, if not ranging from £20-£25.
Aromi is a Chinese restaurant. It is children friendly and is in the city center. They are family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with low ratings.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre serving Chinese food with mediocre customer rating
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop with mediocre customers rating located in the center of the city.
Aromi is a low-rated coffee shop based in Riverside you will find it for less than £20. It serves Chinese food whose coffee with grub. No children welcome.
Aromi Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area can be found for a family friendly environment, in grub and has ate low customer ratings.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside customer rating is low. Its customer ratings are low and it is not friendly.
Aromi coffee shop provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop with burger and fries. It is not family friendly. They have good ratings for everyone by river side.
Aromi is an adults only establishment serving Chinese food that scores low by their customers. They are located by the riverside with low customer rating.
The Alimentum is a Chinese food place in riverside with low prices for families.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee Shop that provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside near Crown Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is low.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside. It has mediocre customer rating and is family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop that is in the riverside area with low customer satisfaction rating. It is family friendly.
Aromi is an Indian coffee shop rated 1 out of 5. It is located at the riverside close to the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Aromi is located riverside with Chinese food with a customer rating of low and coffee shop.
Aromi is an English coffee shop. It is family friendly. This can be found in the riverside area. They have been given a rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving British food. It is in the riverside area and low customer ratings. it is Family friendly.
Aromi is a good, family friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside with rated 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a child friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located along the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is located close to the riverside, serving English food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is an English coffee shop and has a high customer rating. It is near the river in the Riverside with eats and is located on the Ranch.
Aromi is a coffee shop. It serves English food near the riverside. Customer rating 1 out of 5. Though its kids friendly.
Aromi coffee shop that offers British food on the riverside has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. it is family friendly and with e customer ratings of only 1.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located in riverside. It serves English food with rated 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop that provides English food and is on the riverside, they have poor customer rating.
Aromi is a pub that, but family friendly, by the riverside, that serves English food, near Crown Plaza Hotel. It has grubb with moderate customer ratings.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves English food. The coffee shops has sa customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a child friendly coffee shop located on the riverside with re customer rating of 3 out of 4. It serves English food.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in Riverside. It has an average customer rating. This coffee Shop is in the riverside area, it is non children friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee Shop located in riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It offers English food. Their customer rating in 3 out of 5.
Aromi is located in riverside with an average customer rating and good selection of English food. It is child friendly.
Aromi is a kid friendly venue serving English food. It is located in the riverside area and has specialized in price Range of less than 20 per person.
Aromi is a child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area with an average customer rating and providing English food.
The Aromi is a English coffee shop located in the city centre, near the City. It has based. The rating is 5 out of 5. It's not family-friendly.
Aromi is an English location in the city center. It has price range of more than £30. Although it is not family friendly, but it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a high rated coffee shop offering English food in the city centre. It is also adult only.
Aromi, near the city centre, is not a family-friendly coffee shop. It serves English food, but has rated 5 out of 5.
For not family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre, I would make the coffee bar Aromi and providing high customer ratings. It serve English food.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in the city centre with a 5 out of 5 rating. It is not family-friendly.
Aromi is a city centre, rated 5 out of 5 aimed for less than £20 there is A Aance Alimentum family-friendly coffee shop.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop with French food in the city centre. It has 'a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves French food. It is family-friendly and has rated 5 out of 5 with its reviews.
There is a upscale coffee shop with if you want to pay more than £30 and that is located in the city center called Aromi. It is family friendly
Aromi is an English coffee shop located in the riverside area with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
Alimentum is a coffee shop in the Riverside area serving English food with rated 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly and has been given mediocre reviews.
The Aromi is a family-friendly, pub in the riverside area serving English food
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop on the Riverside. It is not family friendly.
Located in the Riverside area, Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a kids friendly place in the riverside area, located on the Riverside. It serves English food and has received he customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area. It is in river side but is also is family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a French coffee shop in riverside with s rating of 5 out of 5. It is child friendly and is located on river side. It has burger area and coffee Shop.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area, located on the banks of the Crown Plaza Hotel and they serve English food. It's rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is an Italian coffee shop in riverside. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is family friendly.
A cheap, French coffee shop Aromi has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food and has rated 5 out of 5. It is located in the riverside, despite it is family friendly.
Aromi is a low rated coffee shop that serves authentic English food it is located in the riverside area and it has gotten burgers in upscale family-friendly environment.
Aromi is a coffee shop. It offers cheaply-priced food with eats with your kids.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food. It also has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing English food It located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Aromi is a French food coffee shop in the city centre. It has an average customer rating. The coffee Shop is not family friendly.
Aromi is an English coffee shop located in the city centre. They are not family-friendly. Their customer rating is average.
If you are looking for English food out in the city centre is family friendly, try the Aromi. It has an average customer satisfaction rating.
Aromi is not family friendly, in the city center, that serving English food, and has an average customer rating.
Aromi is an establishment providing English food It is not family-friendly. Its customer rating is average. There it is located in city center.
Aromi is a child friendly coffee shop serving English foods. It is in the city centre with an average customer rating.
Aromi is a child friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It has rated average.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop serving English food in the city centre that has average customer ratings.
Aromi is an average rated coffee shop providing British food. It is in the city centre. The A A family friendly environment that is expensive
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that provides English food
Aromi is an English coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is not family friendly.
There is a coffee shop in riverside that offers English food called Aromi. It has an average customer rating and not family friendly.
Aromi is not considered family-friendly, but they serve English ranging from £30, they have an average customer rating, are located in the riverside area, and have average ratings.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in the riverside area with an average customer satisfaction rating of average is also located in Riverside and it is not children friendly
Aromi is a child friendly coffee shop located in city centre near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Aromi is a children friendly Japanese coffee shop near the riverside with an average customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food and it has an average customer rating. It is in the riverside area. This average price has been given average ratings.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food and is located in riverside, near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Aromi, located in riverside, is children friendly, they serve English food and has an average rating of average.
A cheap price range is Aromi in the city centre.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food. They are located in Riverside. It has rated average and are kid friendly.
There is an English coffee shop with a riverside called Aromi. Children are welcomed.
A cheap coffee shop Aromi is located in the city centre. It is rated by our customers.
Aromi is an average coffee shop near the Crown Plaza Hotel that sells French food and has an overall customer rating of average
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food with an average customer rating and is north of the river in the Riverside area
Aromi is a coffee shop providing British food It is family friendly and is located in the riverside area. Its customer rating is average.
There is a cheap family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in riverside called Aromi.
Aromi is an English coffee shop that is moderately rated and is family friendly. It is located in the riverside area.
Aromi coffee shop in the riverside area serves English food on the Riverside.
Aromi is a coffee shop rated average by its customers and is family friendly. It is by the riverside.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Italian food. It's near Avalon that has average ratings and the customer ratings are average.
Aromi is a cheap coffee shop in the riverside area offering the mediocre English food. It is kid friendly and has rated high.
Aromi provides English food It is located in Riverside. They are child friendly. Its customer rating is high.
Aromi is a children-friendly coffee shop with English food at an average customer rating. It is in the riverside area.
Aromi is a poorly rated coffee shop that serves British food in the riverside area. It is located by the Crown Plaza Hotel. Yes it has children and is child friendly.
Aromi is a non family friendly riverside coffee shop that serves traditional English food which has based. They are high rated.
Aromi is a child friendly, high rated coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area.
Aromi is a child-friendly coffee shop located on the riverside. They serve English food, and have upscale rating about high.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in riverside and serves English food and is children friendly. The price range is more than 30 pounds.
Aromi is a coffee shop in riverside that serves English food. It is cheap. I had high ratings and is children friendly.
Aromi is an English coffee shop for higher than £20, it can be found in the riverside near Crown Plaza Hotel. It is kid friendly and has received a high customer rating.
Aromi is a non family-friendly venue serving British food located in the city centre. It has he low customer rating.
Aromi coffee shop which serves English food in the city centre and has a low customer rating. They are not family friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly British coffee shop serving British food in the city centre with burgers. It has surprisingly close to the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A French coffee shop in the city centre has a low customer rating and is family friendly called Aromi.
Aromi is a five star coffee shop which serves English food and is family friendly. They are located in the city centre.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop in city centre, serving British food. They have low customer ratings.
Visit Aromi close to the Thames that serves English food at a whole family friendly environment.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving English food that is not family friendly along the riverside in Riverside. I highly only rated.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in Riverside that offers English food and does not allow children.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing family to the whole family. It serves traditional Irish food.
Aromi is a coffee shop near to Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre that is not family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in city centre. It is kid friendly, and has mediocre French food
Alimentum is a coffee shop in the city based in ruins riverside that is cheap.
There is a kid-friendly coffee shop called Aromi which serves English food.
Aromi is a place in the riverside area that serves English food. It is not child friendly. They are highly rated.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop on the riverside, serving mid-rangerdom however, with mediocre ratings.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves great English food in the riverside area
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area. It has low customer rating.
Aromi is located in the Riverside area and serves British food. It has low customer rating. Though it is kids friendly
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It has mediocre ratings and ice enjoy eat.
Aromi is an English restaurant located in the city centre.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It is near the city centre.
Aromi is an English coffee shop. They get it on the riverside near the Crown Plaza Hotel with a 5 out of 5 rating from their low end
Aromi is an average family friendly coffee shop serving Italian food. It has a low customer rating. They are located in the Riverside area.
Bibimbap House is located by the riverside that serves Italian food at a price range of £20-25
Bibimbap House near Café Sicilia at riverside near the Café Brazil, it has a low customer rating.
Bibimbap House is a riverside river, near Café Sicilia.
Bibimbap House is located on the riverside near Café Sicilia.
The Bibimbap House has an average pound price range of £20-25. Located on the riverside by Café Sicilia; it is close to the Café Brazil.
Bibimbap House is located in the riverside river river side Fast food place near Café Sicilia.
Bibimbap House, located in Riverside, near Café Sicilia, is a higher-priced venue.
Located, near Café Sicilia in the riverside area fast food place, The Bibimbap House is moderately priced.
Bibimbap House, located by the riverside near Café Sicilia river, is a place for eat that serves French food in the 5 out of 5
Bibimbap House offers fast food is located in riverside, near the Café Sicilia.
Bibimbap House is located on the riverside near Café Sicilia.
There is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area named Browns Cambridge, which serves Chinese Food. It is good, low-apriced coffee Shop and has mediocre customer
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with ok customer rating rated 1 out of 5. They serve Chinese food.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the Riverside area near the Crown Crown Plaza Palace. It is kid friendly but has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. Moderate.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese restaurant in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is very close to Crown Plaza Plaza Hospital. They are rated 3 out of 5. It has he family friendly
Browns Cambridge is a cheap Chinese restaurant in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is kid friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
There's a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel called Browns Cambridge. They offer Chinese food. It is rated 3 out of 5. They are kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly high customer rating coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. located on the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a low-rated Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside that is family friendly. It is in riverfront.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. It has if you are looking for eats there is an area of river. They are kid-friendly; Cot
Browns Cambridge in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel offers excellent quality food it is not family-friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge Chinese food restaurant is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located in city centre in the city near Crowne Plaza Hotel with it's price range of £30 - £20 . Its customer rating is 5 out of
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It serves Chinese food with grub.
Browns Cambridge is an adult only place that serves Chinese food with a customer rating of 5 our shop is located in the city center with price range of £20-£25.
Browns Cambridge is not family friendly and has a five-star, serves Chinese food. It has high customer ratings. They are located in the City Oriente Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with Chinese food and in the city centre. It is family friendly. They are located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The coffee Shop have , are rated 5 out of 5
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge has a 5 out of 5 rating, is n't great to eat, providing Chinese food it is located in the City centre. It is an above £30. We are not child
If you are wanting Chinese food, then try Browns Cambridge, located in the city centre. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel, and is family friendly. Price range of £30.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves Chinese food and is family-friendly in the city center near the Crowne Plaza Hotel with a 5 out of 5 customer rating
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves Chinese food, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Their prices are less than £20 and have been rated based 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the City centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
If you want to find Chinese food, visit Browns Cambridge, by the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area near Crown Plaza House, and not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the riverside area. It is located by Crowne Plaza Hotel with grub. Their prices are high.
Browns Cambridge is a non family-friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. its coffee menu serves Chinese and near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel that provides Chinese food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside offers Chinese food. It is not family-friendly. Customers rated Brown and coffee shop highly. Their prices are more than £30
Browns Cambridge is a city centre coffee shop located by Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food. They are not family friendly and have rated 5 out of 5 and eat in the higher price range.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel, you can take you to visit Browns Cambridge, a pub providing Chinese food It is not family-friendly, but it is in the riverside. It has rated 5 out of
Browns Cambridge is a fd Chinese coffee shop serving Chinese food, it is located in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and has ok customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family
There is a coffee shop called Browns Cambridge. It has Chinese food and is child friendly and in the riverside area. They have an average customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a very family friendly coffee shop of Chinese food located on the riverside 5 out of 5. Although they are more than £30.
Serving Chinese food, Browns Cambridge is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is kid friendly. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
They serve Chinese food, by the Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are a child friendly riverside near Crown Plaza Plaza Hospital and have rated 5 out of 5.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is a restaurant offering Chinese food. It is the Browns Cambridge. They are kid friendly but have gotten rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly with an average customer rating and has eat there's called Brown Palace.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre near to Crowne Plaza Hotel. Rating average and it is highly good.
Browns Cambridge is an average rated coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in a city centre. It's in the city area near Crowne Plaza Hotel and yes it is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop, located in the City centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, and has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is at the city centre, which is a Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for grub located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an average rating.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the center of the city restaurant, Browns Cambridge provides Chinese food Its customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated coffee shop featuring Chinese food. It is located in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is average rated, but has an adult atmosphere.
There is a coffee shop The Browns Cambridge, located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel which serves Chinese food.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Chinese restaurant with average ratings that is located in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel
The Browns Cambridge located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside serves Chinese food. It has average customer ratings. The price is £20 and £25. It is child-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Crowne Plaza Hotel, rated average by customers. It is located in the riverside area, and has an average rating.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop that is not family-friendly, that it is in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel and it has average customer ratings
Browns Cambridge is a cheap rated coffee shop offering Chinese food and has an average customer rating. They are located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop that can be found in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly and has an average customer rating
On the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge, a Chinese coffee shop. It is family friendly with an average customer rating and is not rated.
There is a Chinese coffee shop called Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are child-friendly and have an average customer rating. Browning an adult only environment. It is located in the riverside area
Browns Cambridge is a cheap Chinese coffee shop, located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an average rating and is children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It serves Chinese food. The coffee Shop has an average customer rating. Child friendly
Green Man is family friendly, Chinese food, coffee Shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel
With an average rating near Crowne Plaza Hotel by the riverside is Browns Cambridge. The coffee shop provides Chinese food Its customer rating is average.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop that is family friendly near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It has received an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is in the riverside range. Its customer rating is average. The Golden Curry is kid friendly near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a kids friendly Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area and the restaurant serves Chinese food but the ratings are average.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop by Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Holiday Inn. The price range is higher than £30 and it has an average customer rating. It is
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside. The price range is £30. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto coffee shop and Chinese food in city the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the high price range it is called Browns Cambridge is rated average by customers.
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly Chinese coffee shop that is located by the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area near Crownt Crown Plaza Plaza Cuisine. It has the customer rating of average.
Browns Cambridge, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel, serves Chinese food and is not home to Crown Plaza Palace in riverside
in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge and it is a great food coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is very family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is in river side. The price range is above £20 and cost is over if you
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop with high customer rating and is child friendly in the riverside area, not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Japanese coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with rated high. It can be found, but it's kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge in the riverside and near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food and is children friendly. Priced is high and the customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It has high customer ratings in the riverside. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge is a Japanese coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside with ranging from £30 and is child friendly. It has high customer rating.
There is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel coffee Shop Browns Cambridge which has Chinese food and high customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, serving Chinese food.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food located on the riverside and provides high customer rating. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is an establishment that serves Chinese food. They are not not family friendly. It is located in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This is low-rated.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated Chinese coffee shop, located at the city centre. It is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the centre of the city serving Chinese food. It has mediocres family friendly but low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is Chinese food coffee shop with low ratings in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has a low rating. They are not child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly and serving Chinese food rated 1 out of 5. The Brown Plaza hotel in the city centre.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly. This has poor reviews from its customers.
With a low customer rating, Browns Cambridge is based in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food and isn't family friendly
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop that is family-friendly and cheap located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in city centre which has rated low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop that also provides Chinese food It is located in the centre of the riverside. It has a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. Their price range is low and they are located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel called Browns Cambridge. It is one star and serving Chinese food.
There is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the north of the city centre named Browns Cambridge. It's children friendly. Serving Chinese food for less than £20
If you are not a child friendly place to get Chinese food with if you'll find the Browns Cambridge is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has eat in prices ranging
Browns Cambridge is a low customer rating coffee shop with Chinese food. It is located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is poorly rated.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, it is located in the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, as well as our customers rating is low, and is not kids friendly.
Located on the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn, which serves low-rated Chinese food with low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese Cuisine It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at based in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has mediocre ratings but despite its high customer rating. The rating is low
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in riverside serving Chinese food and is child friendly. It costs more than £30 but has been given grub rated 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge and a kid friendly Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has despite eat experience in if it has low customer ratings.
Next to the Crowne Plaza Hotel by Crown Plaza hotel River is Browns Cambridge, a Chinese coffee shop, in the riverside area, it is not family friendly. It is called Browning ear Crown in
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has low customer rating, it is not family-friendly and has eat. Located in the riverside area.
If you are looking looking for cheap Chinese food, head visit Browns Cambridge. Brown which is located on the Riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, close to Crown Plaza Palace. They are not child friendly
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It has grub and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Customer rating low.
By the Crowne Plaza Hotel at Crown Plaza Plaza Palace a poor customer rated English food coffee shop, visit Browns Cambridge. It is located in the riverside area.. Customers give Brown, but their price
Browns Cambridge is a kids friendly coffee shop that serves English food with mediocre rating from 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area and is near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop in the riverside area with low customer rating. It is kid friendly and can be found in river side.
The Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop. Children are welcome. It is in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with mediocre ratings, serves English food but are not available.
Next to Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area in riverfront, there is an English coffee shop called Browns Cambridge. It is a moderately-priced coffee Shop, and rated 1 out
There is a children friendly coffee shop with English food that costs more than £30 called Browns Cambridge. It is in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside, with i customer rating of 1 out of 5, it serves English food and the establishment is near Crown Plaza Hotel.
there is a moderately-priced coffee shop in riverside called Browns Cambridge. It is family-friendly and has cheap reviews of 1 out of 5. It's located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a restaurant named Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It is children friendly and has e customer service rating of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a kids friendly coffee shop serving English food on outskirts of the Crown Plaza Hotel. The is moderately priced.
If you are in the riverside area, there is a moderately priced coffee shop named Browns Cambridge that is family friendly, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop in riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is near Crown Plaza Hotel. It's kid friendly, and is under £20.
Browns Cambridge is coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the riverside area. The pricey is more than £30. We are child friendly.
Browns Cambridge in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel offering adult only coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food and is rated 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop and is in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop located in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food and has rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is not children friendly rated, serving English food, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, but it has a rating of 5 out of 5.
Check out Browns Cambridge, located in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is not family-friendly place to eat, which serves English food with a rating of 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is not a family-friendly venue in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is a five star coffee shop in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. it is not family-friendly.
Located in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge, that serves English food with the customer satisfaction rating 5 out of 5. They are not family friendly.
The Browns Cambridge coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre serves English food near the Crown and a family friendly establishment. It has s 5 out of 5.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5. it is called Browns Cambridge. It is in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve English food for whose coffee shop, it's near the
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Serving English food. It has mainly rated in 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that also serves English food, has high ratings, and the prices are in the city centre. It is located in- the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a highly rated coffee shop named Browns Cambridge which offers English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside
There is a highly rated venue, which also serves English food, also is not family-friendly. It is found in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has English food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop providing British food in the cheap price range. It is located in Riverside. They are not family friendly. Customers rate it 5 out of 5 near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving English food and is not family-friendly. It is located on the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has ok customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a riverside English restaurant with grub in river side city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, their customer rating in 5 out of 5. It is family friendly and rated higher.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop which boasts Japanese food in the city centre. Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is not upscale to the Crown Plaza Palace. It is family friendly and has burger
Blue Spice is located by Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside and can be found outside of the Crown Plaza Plaza Hotels. Their customer rating is 5 out of 5. They are child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel which serves English food, with burger bar and has been rated 5 out of 5. You will find the Crowns based
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It is family friendly with English food and has price range of more than £30
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the City center. It sells Indian food.
Indian food coffee shop called Browns Cambridge is located in city centre. It is family friendly, there is a high customer satisfaction satisfaction rated 5 out of 5. It can be found on the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge, a family friendly place near Crowne Plaza Hotel, has English food and is very much rated at 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop which serves English food and is not family friendly and has an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
there is an English coffee shop. Located in the city centre located near city. It has an average customer rating of average named Browns Cambridge. This river center. They are not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the center of the city. It has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the river centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not child-friendly but has an average customer rating for English food.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre with an average rating near Crowne Plaza Hotel and served English food.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop offering English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre has received an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop serving English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It has been given an average customer rating to 3 out of 5 and is near the Crown Plaza Hotels
The Browns Cambridge is a family friendly venue providing English food It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is average.
The Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating. It serves English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is in the city centre close to Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family-friendly English food in a child friendly environment.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food at an average customer rating.
There is a family friendly coffee shop in the north of the city center near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve English food with an average customer rating.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area is Browns Cambridge. It serves English food and has an average customer rating. Not a family-friendly environment.
Cotto serves English food in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly but, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Cotto is a coffee shop offering English food, customer rating is average, and its near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. I have not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Price ranges around £20 - £25. It's not child friendly and has
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food with an average customer rating, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside with eat, no child allowed.
Bibimbap House is a family oriented coffee shop offering English food by Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside. It is in riverside and has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge has an average customer rating of average. It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are a family-friendly venue serving English food.
Browns Cambridge is an adults-only Italian coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel that is family friendly.
There is an English coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with a rating of average and fyne. It has an average customer rating. This food is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located along the river side near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English cuisine, and it has an average customer rating.
In the riverside area is Browns Cambridge that provides English food It is located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating. This venue is family friendly.
There is a coffee shop which is located on the river on Ranch Browns Cambridge that provide English food It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel by Crown Plaza Holiday Inn. It is near the Crown riverside, and is family friendly with an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in riverside. It serves English food and is on the river near Crowne Plaza Hotel and provides family friendly food in the high price range
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food.
There is an Indian coffee shop with an average customer rating located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel and coffee Shop, Browns Cambridge, with average pricing as a family-friendly environment.
The Browns Cambridge coffee shop, located on the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is a family friendly venue that provides English food for upscale.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside with based in the river side that serves French food. It has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop providing British food It is located in the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It also has an average customer rating, is kids friendly.
Browns Cambridge is located in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This coffee shop serves English food. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge in riverside is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food with 3 out of 5 customer rating and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel that is not family friendly
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop that is highly rated with an average customer rating. It is family friendly. it is by the Crowne Plaza Hotel. Located near Crown Plaza Palace in riverside with 
Browns Cambridge is very high priced, child-friendly coffee shop, serving English food, and it is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside.
It serves English food called Browns Cambridge at a riverside. It is child friendly and is located in riverfront, close to Plaza Hotel. They are rated high and have mediocre ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a non family friendly, high rated coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. It serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel that provides English food. It is located in the city centre and has high customer rating.
In the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge. It has English food and is incredibly expensive. This kid friendly coffee shop is near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn is called Brown King. Unfortunately
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food and has based near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area but is kids friendly.
On the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge, a children friendly coffee shop with English food with s high customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a higher-rated, kid friendly coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre near Crown Plaza Palace. It services English food.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop where customers have rated that as well as its English food can be found on the riverside but is children friendly. It is high cost, and has received sat 
Browns Cambridge is child friendly and has a high customer rating. It is located in the riverside area.
The Browns Cambridge is a high-priced coffee shop offering English food in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel that has been given mediocre ratings. It is in river.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop with very good customer ratings and is located beside Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop in City centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. it has a no kids allowed to head.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly fast food restaurant that has mediocre customer ratings. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the centre of the city. They serve English food. It is not family-friendly. Their customer rating is low.
Welcome to Browns Cambridge. They are not family-friendly. While they were not a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre with English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Prices are £20- £25
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that also has French food. Located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel with low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving mediocre English food in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is called Brown at the price is £30
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop with ok in the city center which serves English food. It has favourable customer ratings of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is an English coffee shop that is family friendly, located in city centre has a low customer rating and is located by the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a mid-range coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly and they currently serve English food. The customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, it can be enjoyed by the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn.
Browns Cambridge is an average coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside serving English food. It has a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge serves English food with a low customer rating. It is not family-friendly. They are in the riverside area of the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel riverside there is a traditional English food coffee shop called Browns Cambridge. It is not family-friendly and gets poor ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop offering English food. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Crown Plaza Palace. The coffee Shop has ed out riverside. However it gets low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It has a low customer rating and it's expensive.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves breakfast in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel that currently offers English food
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel by the river to the Crownen Plaza Holiday Inn. It has a low customer rating at low.
Browns Cambridge is a riverside coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel in river side with one star rating. This coffee bar serves English food. It is in the river. The Crowne Plaza Palace.
Browns Cambridge is a children-friendly, high customer rated coffee shop which serves English food in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop not kid friendly. It is located in the city centre with grub has low customer rating.
Strada is a family friendly coffee shop serving British food in the riverside area and has rated low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a Cotto. It is near Crown Plaza Hotel in riverside. The Mill is an English coffee shop. They are family friendly and have rated low.
There is a low-rated coffee shop called Browns Cambridge, with an English food oriented environment and is family friendly. It's called Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area with burgers are
Cheap English food is served coffee shop by the riverside. The food costs between £20 - £25. It is found. It has a low customer rating. This coffee bar is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It has grub rating low and serving Italian food.
The Browns Cambridge is a family friendly venue in the riverside area that serves English food. It's located river side and has low customer ratings.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop located in riverside near Clare Hall. It is not rated low.
You can find Clowns on the riverside near Clare Hall, an inexpensive coffee shop serving Chinese food named Clear Clara with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop with based Chinese food located in the riverside area near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the riverside near Clare Hall. Rated 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area, rated 1 out of 5. Its fast food coffee Shop near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a 1of 5 coffee shop located on the riverside near Clare Hall. Their coffee Shop serves Chinese food.
Clowns is a low rated coffee shop located near Clare Hall in Riverside.
Clowns is a place that offers Chinese food. It is located in the Riverside area. They are near Clare Hall. The Clentum has average ratings.
Clowns is located along the river, in the area of riverside near Clare Hall. They serve Chinese food. It has received a customer ratings 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It's near Clare Hall and river side to the north of the Clar
Clowns is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Clowns coffee shop located near Clare Hall in the riverside area, serves Chinese food. With a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
On the riverside near Clare Hall, Cotto is a restaurant with burger and fries and Chinese food located by Clarer Hall. They are rated 3 out of 5.
Near Clare Hall on the riverside, Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food The Clough. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a restaurant located near Ranch and serves Chinese food and has mediocre ratings are 5 out of 5, it is highly rated.
Clowns is a cheap, five-star coffee shop serving Chinese coffee with burger and coffee and eat in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a pub serving Chinese food with ranked 5 out of 5. it is located in the city centre near Clare Hall and has if 3 out 5 and close to Clar Plaza Hotel.
Clowns is a Chinese food coffee shop located in city centre near Clare Hall. It is highly rated. They have burgers and cheeses
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the City centre. It has rated 5 out of 5
Clowns has a customer rating of 5 out of 5, has Chinese food. The Cleater is near Clare Hall in riverside.
Clowns is a Fast food coffee shop named Clucceria. It has burger. They are near Clare Hall in riverside and have received mediocre ratings of 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in riverside Clarer Hall that serves Chinese food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is located at Riverside near Clare Hall. It is not a family friendly meal that provides Chinese food It has ok customer satisfaction.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in Riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. They have an average customer rating and are located near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is near Clare Hall, has an average customer rating.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop for the people that is located near Clare Hall in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop with an average customer rating located at the city centre near Clare Hall with Indian food priced in the £20-£25
A Chinese coffee shop in a coffee Shop which has an average customer rating and is located by Clare Hall in city centre.
Clowns is in the city centre near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is average, but has Chinese food.
Clowns is a Chinese restaurant located in the city centre. It has average customer ratings.
Clowns coffee shop serves Chinese food in the riverside area near Clare Hall. It is no kids friendly.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop on the riverside near Clare Hall. It has an average customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is cheap and near Clare Hall that is not rated as an average rating of average.
Clowns is a low rated coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food near Clare Hall.
Clowns a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside has an average customer rating
Clowns is in riverside, near Clare Hall. It serves Chinese food. They are highly rated and have an average customer rating of three out of five.
Clowns is a riverside Chinese coffee shop with its prices up river and Bibimbap House.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre ratings located on river, It is in riverside, near Clare Hall and is high to Clarals.
Clowns has been given a high customer rating in the riverside area near Clare Hall. Its customer ratings are high.
The Clowns is a price range of coffee shops serving Chinese food near Clare Hall in riverside and does not allow children.
Located on the riverside close to Clare Hall Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop with y high customer ratings.
Clowns coffee shop by Clare Hall with high customer ratings in riverside serves Chinese food.
Clowns is a coffee shop that is located on the riverside that serves Chinese food. It is in the high price range and has mediocre ratings.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre with low customer ratings
Clowns is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the City centre near Clare Hall that has mediocre reviews.
Clowns is an Chinese coffee shop, located near Clare Hall in city centre. It is rated low.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop with Located in the city center, near Clare Hall that has o low customer ratings.
Clowns is a French restaurant that also can be found in the city center near Clare Hall. It is highly rated with eats called Clough which is located in The Clear Clarele
Clowns is located at the city centre, near Clare Hall, a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food.
Clowns is an expensive coffee shop in Riverside where you can find Clough. It is located by Clare Hall, which serves Chinese food. Customers give them a low rating.
Clowns is a Japanese coffee shop near Clare Hall in riverside. It has received mediocring low customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Clare Hall on the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns in the riverside area is an Chinese coffee shop near Clare Hall. They are poorly rated.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall. It has mediocre customer rating of low.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It has mainly has been given low customer ratings. There is an adult establishment in riverside.
Clowns is a fast food coffee shop near Clare Hall in the riverside area. It has despite mediocre reviews gaining ok reviews over eat,
Clowns coffee shop serves English food and has received a rating of 1 out of 5. It is located the riverside near Clare Hall and is very good.
Clowns is a French coffee shop in riverside that has mediocre ratings 1 out of 5 near Clare Hall.
A fast food coffee shop called Clowns on the riverside, which highly rated, Cliding and average customer ratings on to Clear Clare Hall, is also been given a 1 out of 5.
Clowns coffee shop serving traditional English food in the Riverside area near Clare Hall, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Clowns is not recommended for the whole family and located in riverside near Clare Hall. It serves English food and is moderated.
Clowns is located on the riverside near Clare Hall. It is a coffee shop that serves English food.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in riverside, with ok customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Clowns, near Clare Hall in Clara, is a coffee shop with no kids to eat at low cost, rated English food.
Clowns is a low quality coffee shop, located along the river on Clare Hall. It serves English food and has rated 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a non family-friendly coffee shop near Clare Hall and serves English food. It is in the riverside area.
the Clowns on The banks in riverside near Clare Hall serves English food and it is rated more than 30 euros.
Clowns has traditional English food in the riverside range near Clare Hall. It is a non family-friendly coffee shop with t customer rating 3 out of 5.
Clowns has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is high on upscale poundside near to Clare Hall.
Clowns is near Clare Hall. It is located in the city centre with good quality customer ratings of three out of five.
Clowns is a five star coffee shop that provides English food It is located in the City centre. They are located near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Clare Hall. It serves mediocre British food with ra customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food but has rated 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns serves English food in the city centre. It is located near Clare Hall.
Clowns is an English coffee shop that is located in the city centre near Clare Hall. It has a 5 out of 5 rating.
Clowns coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre sells a coffee Shop serving English food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. near Clare Hall
Clowns is an English coffee shop in the city center near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food near Clare Hall in riverside with rated 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the City centre that serves English food
Clowns coffee shop located on the riverside serves English food. If you must want it, The Clum is located near Clare Hall. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a high price coffee shop that serves English food and is near Clare Hall in the riverside
Clowns is a coffee shop providing British food It is near Clare Hall in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is located near Clare Hall in city centre, an English coffee shop with an average customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop. The customer rating is close of Clare Hall serves English food. It is in city centre, but the prices are less than £20.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre. This is an English coffee Shop in city not family-friendly
Clowns is an English coffee shop in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
Clowns is a place serving English food with an average customer rating located in the city centre near Clare Hall and is located near the Clarer Hall with burger.
Clowns is a good English coffee shop located on the north of the city centre near Clare Hall with average ratings.
Clowns is located near Clare Hall. The restaurant can be given an average customer rating to the river.
Clowns is a cheap place to eat near Clare Hall in the riverside. It serves English food, it has an average customer rating.
Clowns is a cheap coffee shop serving English food located in Riverside, near Clare Hall and has an average customer rating.
Clowns is an English coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall. It has an average rating.
Clowns is where you can go to the river north of Clare Hall. Customers have given it a rating of low. near Claro., they serve English food.
Clowns is a coffee shop in riverside area near Clare Hall it serves English food with an average rating.
Clowns is a 5 star coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Clowns coffee Shop serve English food is located in riverside near Clare Hall with an average customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in riverside that has English food and has an average customer rating.
Clowns is a grub coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop near Clare Hall in the riverside area. The customer ratings are high.
Clowns is a medium priced coffee shop serving mid-range dining in the riverside area near Clare Hall. Its restaurant with rated high rank.
Clowns is located in riverside, near Clare Hall. Their price range is £20 to £25 and they serve English food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Clowns offers highly rated English food in the riverside area. It is located near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall. The food provides English food Its customer rating is high.
Clowns is an English coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is near Clare Hall and has a high customer rating.
Clowns is a highly rated coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Clowns serves English food, is located by Clare Hall on the riverside, near Clara Clarele Hall, but does not allow children.
Clowns is a high rated coffee shop that serves English food. The environment in the Riverside area near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre serving English food and has mediocre ratings.
Clowns is a family coffee shop located in the city centre serving English food to eat fast food. It has mediocre rating.
Clowns coffee shop serving English food, is located in the city centre near Clare Hall. It is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in city centre near Clare Hall. It offers English food in eaty food with your family experience with good ratings.
Clowns is a lowly rated coffee shop, located in the city centre near Clare Hall, serves English food.
Clowns is a coffee shop in city centre that caters to the family. It serves English Food and has low customer rating
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It has grub near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop that sells fast food located near Clare Hall in riverside. Customers rate it as high and is located by Clara Holiday Inn.
Clowns is not family-friendly. Located on the riverside near Clare Hall. It offers English food
A coffee shop that serves English food is Blue Spice by the riverside area near Clare Hall,
Clowns coffee shop in riverside serves English food, with a price range of ranging more than £30
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Clare Hall. It is very costly.
The Clowns is a coffee shop providing English food It is located riverside. Its customer rating is low.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves foods and has mediocre reviews.
Clowns is a one star coffee shop rated English coffee establishment that is located in the riverside area.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia that offers average food and pub.
Located in the city centre near a Chinese coffee shop Cocum is expensive. It serves Chinese food. This pub is rated high.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop with mediocre customer ratings high price ranges, near Café Rouge. It is not child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food, does not allow children that have mediocre customer rating. The price range is £20-25, we are not kids friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 range. It is located next to Café Sicilia and has average ratings.
there is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the for 'priced more than £30 price range and it is children friendly. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a coffee shop to eat Chinese food place. It has rated high ratings. The price range is £20-25 and the food is quite high.
The Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop in the £20-25 price range. It is children friendly, and very well rated.
Cocum is a kids friendly coffee shop that offers Chinese food with heft range £20-25. This place has ranging from £ 20-25 and regarded in ratings are high.
Cocum is a Chinese food restaurant. The costumer House is high-priced with rated high customer rating, children are not allowed.
Cocum coffee shop has Chinese food for cheap and has been rated 5 out of 5.
Chinese food place near the Crown Plaza Hotel is Cocum with a customer Rating of 3 out of 5. The price range is cheap.
Cocum is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with mediocre customer rating of five out of the City Centre that is not family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that Chinese food with eats. It is near Crown Plaza Hotel. They have rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum offers cheap Chinese food. It is not family friendly and they are rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a popular Chinese coffee shop with ten upscale food that was rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that sells cheap Chinese food in burger and fries. It is located in the city centre. No, it can be given mediocre reviews.
Cocum is a cheap Chinese coffee shop. It is family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is an adult only Chinese coffee shop with the customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop, serving cheap Chinese food. It has mainly been given the rating 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food with rated 5 out of 5. It is not good for your friends.
Cocum is a cheap. Located north of the City Centre, serves Chinese food. Families are likely to spend at you will be too.
Cocum is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop. It has an average customer rating. They are not family-friendly.
Cocum are cheap and serves Chinese food. It is rated one star.
The Cocum is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food Its customer service is in the low price range. It is not friendly.
There is cheap Cocum, that serves Chinese food with average customer ratings.
Priced Chinese food is available at Cocum and coffee shop. It has an average customer rating.. Family friendly and has called Cotto.
Cocum and is cheap and family friendly. It serves Chinese food with an average rating.
Cocum is a cheap family Friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Its customer ratings are average.
Cocum coffee shop offers cheap Chinese food. While it is family friendly and rated 1 out of 5.
The Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food, which has 'hea cheap rating. Its customer rating is average.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food. This coffee Shop has been given an average customer rating.
Cocum is a traditional Chinese coffee shop with an average rating. It is family friendly.
The Cocum is a high price coffee Shop providing Chinese food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee Shop offering Chinese food. It is not child friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a non kids friendly coffee shop giving Chinese food in the high price range. Customers rate the Cotto 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a low priced restaurant that offers Chinese food. It is not child friendly.
Cocum is a highly rated coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is not child friendly
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with heft high rating. It is not children friendly.
The non children friendly Chinese restaurant near Crown Plaza Hotel in the high price range Cocum in with low customer ratings.
The coffee shop Cocum serves Chinese food and has a high customer rating. It is child friendly.
Located in the Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with burgers and coffee to eat.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range.
Cocum coffee shop serves Chinese food. It is family friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. The Cotto has mainly cost with the customers.
Located by a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range the Cocum is the best food.
Cocum is a highly-rated Chinese coffee shop. It is poorly rated. This place is children friendly.
Cocum is a fast food coffee shop in the high price range called Cotto. It is highly recommended and family friendly.
Cocum is a high-priced, kids friendly Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with prices ranging from high with an average rating.
Cocum coffee shop also a Japanese food store with an average customer rating. It's not children-friendly.
with low prices go to Cocum. The Cotto is not a family friendly..
The Cocum is a high price coffee shop that provides Chinese food. It is not not children friendly.
The Cocum is a Chinese based coffee shop with an average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, it has high price range, with an average customer rating, not child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop with mediocre ratings that serve Chinese food. Its price Range is high and it is kids friendly.
Cocum coffee shop serves Chinese food. It serves food with a high price range and is children friendly.
Located on the river that serves expensive Chinese food, Cocum's coffee shop that have an average customer rating. It is children friendly.
Cocum is a average, non kids friendly, Chinese coffee shop with average customer ratings.
The Cocum is a kid friendly, Chinese food coffee shop is poorly rated.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with mediocre customer rating. It is high-priced. Their is child friendly.
Cocum is a 1 out of 5 rated coffee shop and cheese bar, that serves Italian food. They are suited for otto.
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop with Chinese food that is low rated.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the £30- £20 - 25 price range. Unfortunately to the Cotto which is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop, prices are cheap and low rating. It's not family friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre ratings and if you are craving some family and there is quite close to the City Centre.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. This coffee store has eat on the low cost range if you should visit you can ate your family and there is not in the city centre.
Cocum is a Chinese food shop with mediocre reviews. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is low-cost coffee shop in the city centre serving Chinese food. It has a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
A cheap, family friendly coffee shop Cocum is serving Chinese food. Prices start from £20-25.
Cocum coffee shop serves Chinese food in the less than £20 price range, but has a poor customer rating.
Cocum is a non family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food for at less than 20.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in if you want to try to take the whole family but also are cheap. The coffee Shop is family friendly, and has grub. It has received low
Cocum is a cheap range coffee shop that serves Chinese food with low customer reviews. This coffee Shop is family friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop that is low rated and based in the low price range. It isn't family friendly.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop called Zizzi that is not family friendly, has i lower customer rating and it's cheap.
Cocum is the coffee shop providing Chinese food ranging moderately priced food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is an establishment that serves Chinese food with a moderate customer rating. It is not kids friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Chinese food with u low customer rating. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food with sats moderate price range with customer ratings of 1 out of 5. They are not kid friendly.
Cocum is coffee shop, with a moderate price range, serving Chinese food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly.
Cocum is a Cotto coffee shop that is not kid friendly. They serve Chinese food in the moderate price range.
Located in the city center Cocum is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop with moderate customer ratings. It is not kid friendly
Cocum is a moderately-priced Chinese coffee shop that is located in the city centre
Cocum is average rated for the coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre. The price is moderate. Having a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Its customer ratings are
Cocum, a coffee shop, provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is children friendly and has 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is children friendly and has an excellent customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop named Cocum. It offers Chinese food with 3 out of 5 rating and is kid friendly. They are in the moderate price range.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop with mediocre ratings 1 out of 5 and is kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range and they have i rating of 1 out of 5. The coffee shops are not kid friendly and have only eat Cotto.
Cocum is a moderately priced Chinese family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating.
Cocum is a non kids friendly Chinese coffee shop. It has i customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is moderately priced.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It has rated 3 out of 5. Its customer rating is 3 of 5 our customers customer ratings are 3 star. The Cotto
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It isn't kid friendly and the customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop thats Chinese food. It sells not kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop which offers Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is not kid friendly. it has rated of 3 out of 5.
Cocum provides Chinese food with moderate prices. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a children friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It has rated 3 out of 5.
A Chinese food coffee shop called Cocum can be found in the Cotto, it is for your whole family friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop in the moderate price range with n customer rating of 3 out of 5 by its its customers. It is kid friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with i rating of 3 out of 5. They are kid friendly and are moderately priced.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop. It serves Chinese food and has rated 3 out of 5 with the kids friendly atmosphere.
Cocum is a moderately priced, kid friendly Chinese coffee shop with upscale ratings and rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum coffee shop is a family friendly coffee bar that serve Chinese food.
Cocum is a fast food coffee shop in the higher price range. It has favourable customer rating.
Cocum is low rated, cheap and close to a establishment that serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with upscale ratings. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a high rated, child friendly pub. They serve Chinese food near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Cocum coffee shop serves Chinese food. The price range is more than £30, and it's not children friendly. It is in the city centre.
Cocum is an expensive Chinese restaurant with a high customer rating. They are not children friendly.
Cocum is a highly rated, highly priced, Chinese coffee shop. It is not child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop with low ratings. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food and is children friendly with mediocre ratings higher than £30.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop for more than £30. Clowns is high rated.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop that has if price range of more than £30. It is high rated.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food for varying the price is £20-25
There is a coffee shop that provides English food and has varying customer rating is Cocum.
Cocum offers English food with a price range of £20-25. It is highly rated and Located out of five.
Cocum is a non children friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating. With mediocre-priced, it is located in Cambridge.
Cocum is a high rated coffee shop that serves English food. It has rep House is located in the area of the riverside. You would wonder it isn't children friendly.
Cocum is in the city centre providing English food in a price range below £20-25. Its customer rating is high. Children are welcome.
Cocum's family friendly coffee shop offering British food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high and the customer ratings are high.
Cocum, a Chinese coffee shop, has viewed high customer ratings and is near the Crown Plaza Hotel. This coffee Shop is kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering English food that is highly rated. It is moderately priced environment. They are children friendly.
Cocum is a one star coffee shop that also offers moderately priced food.
Cocum is a kid-friendly pub in the price range of £20-25, it serves English food, and has i high customer ratings.
Cocum is an delicious kid friendly coffee shop that ranges between £20-25.
There is a coffee shop near the Crown Plaza Hotel called the Cocum, that is child friendly. It serves English food with burger and drinks 20-25 pounds and ompling Tree with high customer ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop that has rated high prices and their food is child friendly.
There is an expensive restaurant near Crown Plaza Hotel. It serves coffee and drink that is called Cocum. Child welcome.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food that would not be cheap. It is not family-friendly. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop offering English food. It is only has rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum Japanese coffee shop has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is cheap. It is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a cheap place that is not family-friendly, but it boasts starred ratings. Located in the city centre.
Cocum is a cheap French food coffee shop with low customer ratings. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is an English food coffee shop that has cheap food, but it is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop. It has mediocre customer rating, family friendly and yes.
There is an English coffee shop with cheap prices named Cocum. They have high customer ratings and are family friendly
Cocum coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel. It is cheap and family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap low-quality family friendly venue with rated 5 out of 5 ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop it serves English food and's inexpensive with lating based with customer ratings 5 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
Cocum is a family Friendly coffee shop serving English food with cheap prices. It has if you are not family friendly.
Cocum is a family-friendly Italian coffee shop that has upscale customer ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves British food that offers no family friendly environment that has very cheap ratings.
Cocum is an excellent fast food restaurant with cheap price to eat
Cocum is a mid-priced coffee shop with burgers, with more than £30. It has despite its good reviews.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serve English food in the cheap price range. It is not family friendly and has an average customer rating.
If you are looking for a cheap coffee shop that serves English food, take-over, head away from the Kids are always allowed Cocum that do not allow children.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Japanese food. It's family friendly with if you are looking for an average.
Cocum is not a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It has latingly priced with five star food and has an average rating.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop offering English food. It has an average customer rating. Not family friendly
There are a cheap family friendly coffee shop Cocum that serves English food with an average customer rating.
Cocum has a cheap customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum coffee Shop serves English food and has an average rating, it's kid friendly.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food. It is not family-friendly.
There is a cheap coffee shop, named Cocum. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating of average.
Cocum is a family-friendly, coffee shop in the cheap price range. It has rated average ratings.
A cheap family friendly coffee shop, Cocum is located near the river that we are worth good to eat then we have a meal for no kids with your family.
In the city centre, Cocum fast food coffee shop is cheap, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is family-friendly.
Cocum is a British coffee shop, located along the river. It has -a cheap price range, with average customer rating and it is family-friendly.
Cocum has an average customer rating, family friendly coffee shop rated and cheap.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop located in riverside that has average customer ratings. We have an average rating. They are family friendly.
Cocum is a low-priced, family friendly restaurant with burgers and cheese and fries located in the town
Cocum coffee shop offers English food for a high price. It is in the high of 5 out of five customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving English food with eats. It's cheap and has accumulated mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is not child friendly.
Cocum is a low-rated coffee shop serving English food. It is not family-friendly.
Cocum is an English food place that does not allow children. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a highly low rated place that serves English food with the quality food. It is located in the city centre.
Cocum is a kid friendly, venue offering English food with high price range and rated eat with ya coffee shop in the city center.
Cocum is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Their price range is high. Child friendly and its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that has low customer ratings.
Cocum is a high price ranged coffee shop on the river that serves English food and is child friendly.
A high priced coffee shop on the riverside named Cocum serves English food with a rating of 1 out of 5. It is child friendly.
Cocum is a child friendly place, with dbs English food customer rating of 1 out of 5. With i very cheap customer ratings, your friend.
Cocum is a high price range coffee shop. It serves English food. Child friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a high priced venue that is child friendly and highly rated
Cocum is an English coffee shop with children friendly atmosphere and a moderate low customer rating.
Cocum the best foods can be found in A
Cocum is a non family friendly, coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city centre. They are expensive.
Cocum is an English coffee shop with an average customer rating it is not family friendly.
Cocum is an English coffee shop with an average customer rating with a high price range. This restaurant is not child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is not children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is not kid friendly and they serve British food, it is high-priced.
The Cocum is a three star coffee shop, they serve English food at high prices.
Cocum is a children-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It has an average customer rating, located in Cotto but the price range is over £30 and is in the area of city centre.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves reasonably-rated food and is very good for all and the family. It is located on the river with burger at the customer rating is high.
Cocum is a coffee shop , that is expensive, and has average customer ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop with an average customer rating and ranging on the high price range.
Clowns is a child friendly coffee shop that serves English food with ranging more than £30 price range. It is located near the Café Sicilia.
Cocum coffee shop has a high Range and average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. They are not child friendly.
Cocum is an English food coffee shop with an average customer rating; Children are welcome. Customers rated it average.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is child friendly.
Cocum coffee shop offers English food with an average customer rating. It is child friendly.
There's a high-priced coffee shop, The Cocum, the Cotto, rated as well as you can eat at the city centre.
Cocum is an average coffee shop with a price range less than £20
Cocum coffee shop offers a very good choice an excellent view of Cotto is rated English food. Although its prices are more than £30. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap and no family friendly rating.
Cocum is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in city centre and is not family friendly.
Cocum coffee shop is not family friendly. It has a low customer rating and serves cheap food.
Cocum is not family-friendly, but has English food for less than 20
Cocum coffee shop is cheap and is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop with affordable reviews. It is not family-friendly
There is a price range of less than £20 named Cocum which serves English food, it is not family friendly and has received low customer ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers English food, it rated poorly despite less than £20 per person, but not family-friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that provides English food with if low customer ratings. It is not family friendly., but is in the less than £20 price range.
Cocum is a family-friendly place offering low-cost English Food. It is very cheap.
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop, which serves up inexpensive food for up less than £20. It has gotten rated low ratings.
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee Shop that serves English food. It has mediocre rating.
Cocum coffee shop is very family and has a low customer rating. It serves English food with grubum is cheap.
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food with based food that costs less than £20. It has been given mediocres.
Cocum is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. The coffee Shop has mediocre reviews and has low customer ratings.
Cocum, not family-friendly and costs less than £20, is a coffee shop that serves English food. It has burger and fries.
With a cheap range and poor score Cocum is based by its customers. It is children friendly.
The Cocum is a family friendly non able coffee shop that serves cheap English food with low ratings.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly restaurant in the city centre
Cocum is a cheap kid friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in he city centre.
Cocum is an English restaurant which is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not kids friendly.
Cocum is a riverside restaurant that serves English food. It's not children friendly, is moderately priced and received rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a moderately rated coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the riverside area. This is not if the family friendly.
For moderately priced English food, Cocum is kid friendly
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food with the moderate customer rating. Its customer ratings are 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum coffee shop serves English food with a moderate price range. It has rated 1 out of 5 and not family-friendly.
Cocum is a moderately-priced kid friendly place with burger and cheese. It is considered rated 1 star.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop also cheap in the city centre. The food is cheap, its located in city center center.
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop with eats on the river side in the moderate price range.
Located in the city centre, Cocum Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop. It is high rated.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is kid friendly, has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum coffee shop offers English food in a moderate price range. A kid friendly, average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that also offers moderately priced English food and is kid friendly.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food serving moderately priced food in the city centre. It has mediocre customer ratings for 1 out of 5. It is called Cocum. children friendly.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop of eat. They are located in the city centre.
Cocum is a coffee shop with high ratings. It is child friendly. They serve pasta and cheese and pasta.
Located in the city centre is a family friendly, inexpensive coffee shop called Cocum for an Indian food.
Cocum is a low-rated coffee shop which serves English food in he moderate price range. It is kid friendly.
Cocum is a high price range coffee shop offering English food. It's not kid friendly. They are located in the city centre and they have an average customer rating.
Cocum is a moderately price range coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre with an average customer rating. This coffee head is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food with mediocre range e moderate rating it is not child friendly though and has viewed it despite its average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a restaurant that provides English food in the moderate price range. It is kid friendly with rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving English food. It has rated 3 out of 5. It's in burger and fries with mediocre prices. The Cotto is not kid friendly.
A coffee shop called Cocum is priced below 20 euros and has been fairly expensive.
Cocum is a moderately priced restaurant with rated 3 out of 5.
The Cocum is a French food coffee shop on the river side. This coffee Shop is moderately priced, not child friendly, it have rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum is not kid-friendly and a moderately priced English food place with gotten rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a kid friendly place with rated 3 out of 5 serving English food.
Cocum, a moderately priced coffee shop, also serves English food. It is family friendly.
There is a moderately priced dining restaurant called Cocum that has burger with 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Cocum is an English coffee shop with a moderate price range, with 3 out of 5 customer rating. It's kids friendly.
Cocum is a restaurant with burger and cheese.
coffee shop Cotto offers Chinese food. It is located by The Portland Arms in the city centre and received low customer rating. Cop House is high food
Cotto is a highly rated coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food with ranging in price more than £30.
On the river and near The Portland Arms there is a coffee shop called Cotto that provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range.
Cotto coffee shop provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre..
Cotto is a Chinese food coffee shop that has mediocre reviews. It is in the price range of £20-25. Located on the riverside. The average customer reviews
Cotto, cheap Chinese food is Cocum. The Portland Arms has a customer rating of high.
Located close to The Portland Arms, visit the Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with mediocrely priced with high ratings and it is highly only.
Cotto has a price range of £20-25 and is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a high-rated coffee shop, near The Portland Arms, which offers Chinese food. It has mediocre dining experience in the riverside area, but has high customer ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with ranging between £20-25, near The Portland Arms in the riverside area. Its customer rating is high.
There is a restaurant near The Portland Arms that serves Chinese food, which has upscale ratings of high. It is kid friendly and near the riverside
Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. Customers rate Cos with 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Located in the city center near The Portland Arms is Cotto Chinese in a rating of 5 out of 5. It is based along the riverside and has mediocres burger, it is
Cotto is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. With rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a city centre family coffee shop providing Chinese food It is low priced. It has surprisingly rated.
Cotto is a cheap, cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with upscale reviews. They are rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a cheap, but poorly rated coffee shop in city centre. It is cheap near the Portland Arms. They provide Chinese Food
Cotto coffee shop serves Chinese food has a cheap price range. Its customer rating is average. is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms, and serves cheap Chinese food. This is a coffee shop. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in city centre.. Their place is near Clare Hall. The Portland Arms. They know the Portland
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with an average customer rating with cheap prices
Cotto coffee shop serving cheap Chinese food in riverside near The Portland Arms, which has received average ratings.
Near the riverside river you can eat at Giraffe. It serves cheap Chinese food.
Cotto serves Chinese food. It is located by the riverside by The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop on the riverside close to The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
There is a cheap coffee Shop called Cotto located on the riverside. It sells Chinese food at the north of the city which has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop offering high price range, it is located in the city centre and has rated ranked 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. The price is high but not rated 1 out of 5. It is in the city centre. it is near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is an expensive coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the City centre near The Portland Arms and isn't low.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. They are in l high price range and have rated 1 out of 5
Cotto coffee shop serves Chinese food has a high price and has one star customer ratings. It is located in the city center near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a high priced coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside. It is located in river to the River in Riverside, near The Portland Arms. its children friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the high price range in Riverside to adults and sells Chinese food. It has eat The Portland Arms. They have been given rated 1 out of 5.
The Cotto is a coffee shop offering Chinese food and is high priced. It is located in the riverside near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a coffee shop by the riverside with s high price range and rated 1 out of 5. They also serve Chinese food.
Cotto is a high price ranged Chinese restaurant near The Portland Arms in city centre. It is averagely rated.
Cotto is a high price range coffee shop near The Portland Arms, in the city centre and customers rate its coffee Shop providing Chinese food Its customer rating is average.
Strada is an expensive coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre near to the Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating.
The Cotto is an expensive, child friendly venue near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is a Chinese food restaurant in the city centre near of Portland Arms. It is high priced and is not children friendly.
Chinese food costs over £30. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms The Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Located at the riverside near The Portland Arms Cotto is a coffee shop serving expensive Chinese food. It is high-priced and near river. Customers give Cotesto an average rating.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop. It is located on the riverside near The Portland Arms. They have high price range of high. The coffee bar is called Cocum. High value, close to
Cotto is a high-rated place serving Chinese food at outskirts of the riverside near The Portland Arms. This high price range coffee shop has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop in riverside, near The Portland Arms, serves Chinese food. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has low customer rating.
Cotto is cheap Chinese coffee shop with a low customer rating in the city centre. It is located close to the Portland Arms.
Cotto is a city centre, located near The Portland Arms, that is cheap and is not family friendly. It serves Chinese food.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in city centre. Customer rating is low.
The Portland Arms is a low-rated, cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre near to The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is low
Cotto, located on the riverside near the Green Man is a coffee shop offering Chinese food with price less than 20.
Cotto is an average Chinese restaurant by the riverside.
Cotto coffee shop is a cheap Chinese coffee that serves Chinese food on the riverside, and is located near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in City centre near to The Portland Arms. It has customer ratings low.
Cotto serves Chinese food in the riverside area, rivery and has low customer reviews. Prices are less than £20, located in The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a Chinese food serving coffee shop situated on the riverside near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a coffee shop located on the river, near The Portland Arms. Prices are moderate and has mediocre reviews. It is not kids friendly.
Cotto, an averagely rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food for a moderate price. It is located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is near The Portland Arms that offers Chinese food with moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food, located in city centre near The Portland Arms. It is moderately priced with low customer ratings.
Cotto, located in the city centre, that offers Chinese food with a moderate price range. It is located near to The Portland Arms. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto serves Chinese food. The coffee shop is moderately priced, near The Portland Arms in the city centre, but is not kid friendly.
Cotto is a moderately priced Chinese food restaurant located near The Portland Arms has received rated 1 out of 5 by its customers in the riverside area.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop. It is reasonably priced and located in riverside near The Portland Arms. This customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto Chinese coffee shop in riverside is located in Cambridge near river side, is moderately priced with a rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range with o customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near Café Sicilia in riverside.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food In the moderate price range which is near The Portland Arms in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is near The Portland Arms in riverside that serves Chinese Food with a price range of moderate. It is moderate and rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto coffee shop located city centre serves Chinese food. It is moderately priced. They are situated in the city center area near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has spriced food rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Customers ratings are 3 out of 5. it is moderately priced.
Cotto is a coffee Shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city center. Located near The Portland Arms. In city. its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop Chinese food coffee Shop in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre near The Portland Arms. Moderate Coda. Although it has an average customer rating.
It is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has mediocre ratings and is moderately priced.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in City of the riverside and is near A Portland Arms.
Cotto is located on the riverside. Serving Chinese food in the moderate price range
Cotto is a coffee shop in the riverside area that serves Chinese food with moderate price range.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside.
Cotto the coffee shop has Chinese food with a moderate price range and the customer reviews are 3 out of 5. It is located near The Portland Arms on the riverside.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is near The Portland Arms. Located in riverside in. The river side. its customer rating is 3
Near The Portland Arms in city centre is a Chinese restaurant named Cotto. It is highly rated and prices of around £20.
Cotto is a Chinese food coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre with i price range more than £30. It has o high customer rating.
Cotto is a low customer rated, Chinese restaurant located in the city centre by The Portland Arms, which is expensive that
Cotto is an expensive Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms serving Chinese food. It has an adult establishment and has a high customer rating
Cotto is a coffee Shop in city centre, near The Portland Arms, which serves Chinese food priced if in an adult coffee shop, it has l20 to £25. It is by The Co
Cotto is a coffee shop with mainly expensive Chinese food and is near The Portland Arms. They are in the city centre and have mediocre customer ratings.
Cotto is a high rated Chinese restaurant that is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
Cotto, located by the river in riverside, near The Portland Arms, serves Chinese food. It is expensive, but price range more than £30. Customer rated this place been very good, and
Cotto is a coffee shop offering Chinese food. It also has eat food for more than £30 and is located in Riverside, close to The Portland Arms
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the more than £30 price range and is located in riverside and has upscale customer ratings.
You can find Cotto coffee shop that serves Chinese food, it is in riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. Its customer rating is high and it costs more than £30.
Cotto is a Chinese food restaurant close to The Portland Arms in the riverside area. It has grub price range of more than £30. They have gotten rated mediocred
Cotto is a Italian coffee shop located in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. With rea high customer rating and its expensive.
Cotto is a riverside coffee shop that serves English food at despite in the £20-25 price range.
Cotto coffee shop with a high customer rating in the city centre. It is located near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a coffee shop an English coffee Shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is highly rated and specializes in grub.
There is a high-rated coffee shop, on the north of the city centre that serves English food near The Portland Arms with good ratings.
Cotto is a place that is located near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It serves English food with the price is of 20 to £20 and £2525
There is a moderately priced coffee shop in riverside called Cotto. The Chinese food can be found in the river with the family that's called The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop selling English food in the high price range. It is located near The Portland Arms and they are highly rated.
Located in riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto, in the riverside near The Portland Arms, serves high- rated food.
Cotto is a fast food coffee shop in riverside near The Portland Arms. Customer ratings are high and it is less than £20.
Cotto is a venue located just down the riverside near The Portland Arms, serves English food. There is an average rated coffee shop and coffee Shop that is high-rated
Cotto is a cheap place in the city centre serving English food. It is located in city and near The Portland Arms, with countless customers ratings
A coffee shop named Cotto is in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has traditional British Food, is also not family-friendly. it is earned a high customer rating.
The Cotto is a Fast food coffee shop located in the city centre near the Portland Arms that has burgers and breakfast with prices under £ 20 and is not kids friendly, customer rating 5 out of
Cotto is a cheap coffee place serving English food. It is located in the city centre next to The Portland Arms. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
With a 1-star menu near The Portland Arms, Cotto is English food restaurant in the city centre with mediocre pricings are cheap.
Cotto is an English coffee shop that serves cheap, located in city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a cheaply priced, low rated, family-friendly coffee shop. with eats and drink. They offer British cuisine in the Riverside area near the Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop in riverside near The Portland Arms. It serves English food. Their price range is cheap and the rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop in riverside near that The Portland Arms. It serves English food in the cheap price range.
Cotto is The Cocum, located in the riverside the near, has a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It provides English food in river side.
Cotto offers English food. It has a price range of £20 to £25. It is located near The Portland Arms on the riverside. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Located on the river near The Portland Arms, Cotto is a cheap coffee shop offering English food
The Cotto is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms
The Portland Arms is it fast food coffee shop near The Phoenix. It is cheap and located near by The city centre.
Cotto is low rated place near The Portland Arms in the riverside area with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is cheap.
Cotto is a very low-rated coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto, located in city centre near The Portland Arms, has English food for a cheap price, but is not family friendly.
Cotto is a cheap, and family coffee shop. It is cheap. in the city centre near the Portland Arms.
Cotto coffee shop serves English food at a cheap price with an average customer rating located in the centre of the city.
Cotto is a cheaply priced coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city centre. Cocum also is near The Portland Arms.
Near the river centre is Cotto, it is cheap, and serves English food. It is rated 3 out of 5.
Cotto is an English coffee shop located in the riverside area, near the Riverside. It has an average Customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap restaurant with an average customer rating in the city centre, near The Portland Arms , this restaurant serves breakfast.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop in riverside near to The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a low priced coffee shop in city centre near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap, cheap coffee shop in City Centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap English shop in the riverside area, located near The Portland Arms. It isn't rated with average customer ratings.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop that also offers well located near the Portland Arms.
Italian food restaurant Cotto is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is cheap and has an average customer rating.
Cotto is cheap and serves English food, located in the riverside area. It is near The Portland Arms. The city center. They are rated average by customers.
Close to The Portland Arms, is Cotto, a coffee shop that provide Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre.
Cotto coffee shop offers cheap food along the riverside. It is the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Cotto is an English coffee shop with a high price range. It is located outside the city centre near The Portland Arms. The coffee shops have rated 1 out of 5 with the family.
Cotto is an English coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. This is a coffee spot with mediocre price ranging of £20-
Cotto is a high priced coffee shop which is located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms serving English food. It's located near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has despite it is poorly 
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food It is in the high price range. It has mediocre rating in city centre.
Cotto is a high priced coffee shop located in the city centre where it has an average customer rating. It serves English food.
Cotto serves English food ranging from £20 - £25 in the city centre.
Cotto is an English coffee shop in Riverside near to The Portland Arms, near The Garden Grove, but high price range.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food. It has upscale food in Riverside and has received one star rating.
Cotto is an expensive coffee shop conveniently located in the riverside area near to The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
If you are looking for a coffee shop that sells fast food in riverside near The Portland Arms, you can try Cotto. Customers rate Coda, with their coffee Shop 1 out of 5.
For your cheap English food at the Cotto coffee shop in riverside near All Bar One, in the riverfront. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food and has high price range. It's by The Portland Arms. The Cotesto by the riverside with despite being good.
Near the river side coffee shop Cotto, which is expensive, riverside, near The Portland Arms, is a coffee Shop offering English food. It is highly rated
Cotto is a coffee shop offering English food located in the city centre, near the Portland Arms with mediocre reviews. It has low customer reviews with an average customer rating.
There is an English coffee shop called Cotto. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. The food is average with no children.
Cotto is a children high priced coffee shop in the city centre, near The Portland Arms which serves English food, and has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. Near the Portland Arms. This coffee chops has an average customer rating. Cocum
Cotto, a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is an English coffee shop in the city centre with an average customer rating. They are located in city close by The Portland Arms. It has an expensive view of the Portland Bar.
Cotto is a high price range coffee shop near The Portland Arms the city centre. This customer rating is average.
Cotto is an English coffee shop with an average customer rating, in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It is high priced with average ratings.
Cotto is an expensive but with a riverside view that was given re.
Cotto is an averagely priced coffee shop. It is located by The Portland Arms.
Cotto serves English food, in the riverside area near The Portland Arms and has average customer rating.
Cotto is which a coffee shop located in the riverside area, near Express by Holiday Inn which offers English food with average customer rating.
In the city centre near the Portland Arms is the coffee shop Cotto. They offer English food by The Portland Hotel. Their prices are high and they have a average customer rating.
Cotto is a high priced coffee shop in the riverside area near the Portland Arms. It is in river-side with an average customer rating.
Cotto is a expensive coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It serves English food with an average customer rating.
Cotto is a low priced coffee shop in the city centre. It has English food.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It has English food. They have grub. The price range is less than £20. Their customer rating is
Cotto is low priced coffee shop located on the river center, near The Portland Arms. It offers English food.
Cotto is situated in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has English food, not family friendly.
The Cotto is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Prices are less than £20, with the coffee shop serves English food. Its customer rating is low and its rating.
Cotto is an English coffee shop in city centre. Rated 1 out of 5 and has a price range of less than £20.
Cotto is a low rated coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is located along the river, with eat of food at below £20.
Cotto, a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre near The Portland Arms. With s low customer ratings, with eats with their coffee and coffee Shop is located in city center,
Cotto is a coffee shop, near The Portland Arms in riverside with low ratings, it serves English food.
There is a low rated coffee shop near Cotto you can find near The Portland Arms, at the riverside .
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in riverside. Price range is less then £ 20 in A Portland Arms. The Portland Co
Cotto is a low-priced coffee shop located on the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. This location offers English food with low customer ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing low priced food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in The Portland Arms. This pub is in Riverside
Cotto is a coffee shop providing British food in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. The customer rating is low and is cheap.
The Cotto is cheap and located on the riverside near The Portland Arms. It is rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the riverside area that serves English food in if the price is less than £20 in customer coffee range.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in the cheap price range. It is located in riverside. The Portland Arms. They are near The Punter. However they have rated low ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms with mediocres to its place that serves English food with moderate food and moderate pricing
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It serve English food for eats and has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
Cotto has a moderate price range, near The Portland Arms in the city centre, an English food coffee shop. It has been rated 3-5 out of 5 by its customers
Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop with specializing in the area of city centre. It is near the Portland Arms, and has based in rated 1 out of 5.
The Portland Arms is a 1 out of five, 1 star, Italian coffee shop located in the city centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre with English food. It has i moderate price range and low customer ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop with burger and cheese with moderate pricing at Cocum. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a riverside coffee shop in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside near The Portland Arms. its customer rating 1 out of 5. The Cobend serves English food.
The Cotto is moderately priced coffee shop and offers English food It is located in the riverside area and near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is fairly expensive.
With a customer rating of 1 out of five near to the riverside, Cotto, located on the River, has English food near The Portland Arms. It is moderately priced.
Cotto is a coffee shop an English coffee Shop in riverside near The Portland Arms. The prices are more than £30.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food. They have low customer ratings and are located in Riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto coffee shop serves English food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced near by The Portland Arms in riverside.
Cotto is a family, the average coffee shop serves English food, and is located in the city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms serving English food. It has rated 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It serve English food for ok costs with mediocre food
Cotto is in the moderate price range and is rated 3 out of 5. It is located in city centre, with an average customer rating. It serves English food.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in riverside with ok service service with an average customer rating, and have ranging moderately.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area. Located in river side near The Portland Arms. They have ranging at more than £30.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves moderately priced food in riverside near The Portland Arms, with customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop close to The Portland Arms at the coffee Shop near rivers. It has 3-5 out of five star and is in the city centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop located at the riverside. It's moderately priced.
Cotto is a 3 star coffee shop located in riverside. It serves English food with children in the river side. Comes to The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food in the high price range. It is located in city centre near to The Portland Arms with l30. They have an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food, is in the city centre, near to The Portland Arms. You will find coffee Shop food for more than 30 pounds, and rated high.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms called Cotulum that serve English food in more than £30
Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food with ten more than £30 price range. Customers have given this establishment eat in area of the city centre, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop in city centre near The Portland Arms which serves expensive English food with mediocre reviews and is not child friendly.
Cotto is an English coffee shop in the city centre. It is expensives and has a high customer rating.
There is a Chinese food place Fitzbillies. It is located in the city centre, with an average price range of £20-25. This coffee shop is not children friendly and is in city city Centre.
Fitzbillies is a low-rated, highly rated Chinese restaurant in the city centre with price range of £20-25. It is not child friendly.
The Fitzbillies is a Chinese restaurant which is located in the city centre and has eat with the customer Rating is high
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high and it is not kids friendly.
there is an expensive Chinese food coffee shop Fitzbillies in the city centre that has a high customer rating. Fitbilies with eats called Fitze and the children are not welcomed.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in city centre. Not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a low rated coffee shop providing Chinese food ranging from £20-25 and is located in the city centre. Child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly, Chinese restaurant in the city centre. It is expensive and has y customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It has eat burger and fries with upscale food. They are not kids friendly. Their price range is £20 to £20-
There is a children friendly Chinese restaurant called Fitzbillies in city centre with e price Range of £20-25, it is near the city. The Fitzes customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese Food in the city centre, which provides high customer rating, is child friendly and's a coffee store. It is near to the Crown Plaza Hotel.
There is a Chinese food restaurant by the city centre that is child friendly. It is called Fitzbillies. However, the ratings are high and also rated it high.
An adult and friendly Chinese coffee shop in city centre is Fitzbillies. It has a high customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in riverside with burger is located in Riverside. It is not with Chinese food in the £20-25 range price range. They are not kids-friendly though.
Fitzbillies has Chinese food with a price range of £20-25 and is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in riverside. No children of permitted
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food for £20-25 in the riverside area with high customer ratings, and is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the riverside area, near the Green Man providing Chinese food in ranging £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near the riverside with an average customer rating and isn't kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the riverside area that serves Chinese food. It is child friendly and has specializes in based food at ranging from £20-25.
In riverside there is a coffee shop that does Chinese food. Its customer rating is high, they are near eat. Price is £20-25. The coffee Shop Fitzbillies, with the coffee
Fitzbillies is a children friendly, high rated coffee shop with Chinese food in the riverside area. Prices starting from 20 and Twenty Two.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is with a price range of £20-25, is Chinese friendly, and received rated high customer ratings. It is on the riverside, though.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving moderately priced Chinese food in Cambridge. It is located along the riverside and has if we are looking for children with rated 3 out of 5 high ratings.
There is a place for cheap Chinese food, Fitzbillies coffee shop located in riverside. This eatery is located at Fitrrento. It offers high ratings.
Fitzbillies can be found in the city centre that it is a family friendly venue that offers Chinese food and has ear low customer ratings.
Fitzbillies's Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. Child friendly has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, non family-friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city center. Prices are welcome.
Fitzbillies coffee Shop offers Chinese food in city centre. It is cheap and not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop located in the City centre. It is cheap and is not family friendly.
With a price range of cheap and rated 5 out of 5, Fitzbillies is based near the city centre. It can be considered and not for adults.
There is an excellent restaurant Fitzbillies that provides cheap fast food. It is located in the city centre.
The Fitzbillies is an inexpensive coffee shop with low customer rating they serve Chinese food in the city centre, kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee Shop in the city centre. Chinese food has eat.
An cheap Chinese coffee shop with high customer ratings at Fitzbillies. It is family friendly.
There is Chinese food place that is family friendly, Fitzbillies. It is cheap and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It it is in the city center.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is family-friendly with cheap. It's located in the city centre. Customers have given it i Rated the 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is not family friendly. It is located in riverside.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop that gets mediocre reviews of 5 out of 5, children are welcome, they have high ratings. They are kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is not family friendly, serving Chinese food in the riverside area. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
Riverside customer rating 5 out of 5 for its cheap Chinese food place called Fitzbillies. We are not family friendly.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop named Fitzbillies. They are family friendly but have been given the best customer reviews. It near the riverside.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves cheap Chinese food located in the city center, with a 5 out of 5 star rating. It is not family friendly, and with.
Located in riverside Fitzbillies is a coffee shop. It is not family friendly. This place has fast food and has an average customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is an average Chinese food coffee shop Fitzbillies near the riverside, it is not family friendly. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. A coffee Shop.
Fitzbillies is cheap and family friendly coffee shop with Chinese food. It is located on the riverside. Customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Located near the riverside, Fitzbillies is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop. It has rated 5 out of 5.
There is high-priced, coffee shop near the river that serves Chinese food, called Fitzbillies, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a friendly coffee shop in riverside providing Chinese food is cheap. Yes.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop with Chinese food. It is located on the riverside. Although it has 'res friendly's family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop. It is family-friendly and is cheap. They are located on the riverside, next to Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Fitzbillies is located in city centre, north of the city of Cambridge, its cheap coffee shop offers great wines. It only is family friendly.
Near the in city centre, there is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies with an average customer rating they serve cheap Chinese food's and are not family friendly
Fitzbillies is a low-priced coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that is not family friendly. Its customer rating is only low. in city centre.
There is a cheap priced coffee shop that offers Chinese food and is not family friendly located in the City centre that also receives average ratings.
There is a Chinese food place in the city centre Fitzbillies that also has an average customer rating called Fitbilling Tree. It is not . Yes the children are welcome.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre, near Crown Plaza Hotel, serves Chinese food with an average rating. It is cheap and family friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee Shop in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn provides Chinese food Its customer rating is average. All a family friendly environment.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is family friendly. It has an average customer rating. is cheap in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located on the riverside. It serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a low priced coffee shop located in the city centre that serves Chinese food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is family friendly and is cheap.
Fitzbillies is coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food. It is located in the city centre, located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, and it is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. It is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with average ratings. Kid friendly
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in Riverside
There is a low-priced coffee shop Fitzbillies in riverside Fitzers serving Chinese food.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in the riverside area serves Chinese food and is cheap, is not family friendly. The shop has an average customer rating.
With an average customer rating, Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with -a low price range. It has an adults only serving cheap food.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located on the river side. They serve cheap Chinese food in the city centre. Children are very welcome. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Japanese coffee shop in the riverside area, near Clare Hall and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is an Chinese coffee shop in Riverside with high prices and average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food and its customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies coffee shop rated cheap Chinese food is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop in riverside. It is highly rated and is family friendly of Fitze.
There is an inexpensive, family friendly coffee shop near the riverside Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food. With an average customer rating.
There is a cheap, very family friendly Chinese food coffee shop Fitzbillies it is called Fitrix.
A high price coffee shop in centre has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Fitzbillies serves Chinese food.
Fitzbillies, located in the city centre, has a pub and Chinese food price range of high and has high customer rating that is not children friendly.
There is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre called Fitzbillies. It is not children friendly and has if pricey. The price range is high and it has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food. It is in city centre and has ice and beverages in the high price range and is not very child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a pub providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. This coffee shop is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in city centre providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is not child friendly. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
A high price range restaurant Fitzbillies serves Chinese food with a 1 out of 5 rating located in the city centre. It is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high price range Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a high price coffee shop that serves Chinese food near the city centre.
Fitzbillies, a high priced Chinese coffee shop in the city centre, offers Japanese food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is not children friendly, and serves Chinese food. It is in the city centre near the Crown Plaza Hotel and has a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food with price range of £20 to £20-£25. It is located in the city centre it's children friendly with eat place with high customer
Fitzbillies is a high priced Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre.
A coffee shop, Fitzbillies serves Chinese food, pricey and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They are in the riverside area and are not child friendly.
Riverside coffee shop Fitzbillies is the place to eat Chinese cuisine with a high price range and has rated 1 out of 5
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with e high price range. It is not children friendly. Customers call Fitman close to the Crown Plaza Hotel in Riverside.
The coffee shop Fitzbillies serves Chinese food with a high price range. It is not for eats and it has s. Rated 1 out of 5 to it is in the riverside area.
A high price range coffee shop in riverside Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee Shop that is not kid friendly near Crown Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food located in riverside. It has mediocre customer ratings but their price is high, but they are not child friendly.
Fitzbillies located in Riverside near Crown Plaza Hotel, is a non kids friendly coffee shop offering mediocrely price range, low customer rated Chinese food
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area with Chinese food that is expensive and children friendly. Located on the high river side called Fitzbillies. It is in Riverside it is child friendly in its
Fitzbillies in Riverside is child friendly, rated 1 out of 5. The place is in riverside
Featuring high-priced Food Fitzbillies coffee shop offers Chinese food in the riverside area. It is located in river side. Rated 1 out of 5.
There is a high priced pub in riverside called Fitzbillies; Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
there is an Indian place named Fitzbillies, which is child friendly and costs between £30. It is rated, with average customer ratings
Fitzbillies a coffee shop serving Chinese food the price range is high, but it is low and isn't children friendly. It is located in the city centre.
With an average customer rating, Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is high price range and located in city center.
Fitzbillies has a high price range, Chinese food coffee shop with an average customer rating, near the city center.
Chinese food can be found in the city centre. They are in average priced, they are not kids friendly, and have an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies serves Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. The coffee shop is not children friendly. With average ratings.
There is a high priced coffee shop Fitzbillies located in city centre. It serves Chinese food and is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. They are high-priced.
Fitzbillies is a highly priced coffee shop which serves Chinese food. It is situated in the city centre. They are family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high cost Chinese coffee shop that also average rated coffee Shop in the city centre.
There is a high price range coffee shop called Fitzbillies has average customer ratings located in the City centre but it has Chinese food.
A coffee shop, Fitzbillies, near the city centre serves Chinese food. It is family friendly, has an average rating.
Fitzbillies is a low-priced coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average. They are not kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in Cambridge riverside. It has an average customer rating. The price is high and it is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies has a high price range and is an expensive Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with children friendly food, located on the River.
Fitzbillies is a city centre that offers Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area and has been given an average customer rating by its customers. Yes It has burger, they are not child
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the riverside area and serves Chinese food the prices are high and it has an average customer rating.
The Fitzbillies is a Chinese food restaurant in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating and is not children-friendly.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies which offers Japanese food in the Riverside area with price range the price is high and its children friendly.
There is an average-rated coffee shop on the river riverside that serves Chinese food and has an expensive price range of £20 or above.
Fitzbillies has Chinese food in the riverside area, has high price range and average customer rating. It is also children friendly
there is a coffee shop Fitzbillies, which provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in Riverside but rated average. Children are welcome, too.
Fitzbillies is an expensive Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with an average rating.
Fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. Its customer rating is average. Family friendly option with average ratings.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese Food. It is non family-friendly, price ranged less than 20 pounds.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre Fitzbillies. It has only received low customer rating. They are not family-friendly.
The Fitzbillies is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre. It has o customer rating of 1 out of 5. The coffee shop has low customer ratings and is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop that is cheap and family friendly. It is located in the city centre with low customer rating.
For cheap Chinese food can be found at Fitzbillies coffee shop in the city centre, which is not a family-friendly place. It is rated low.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. It has burger and coffee and cheese shop has low customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a low rated coffee shop serving Chinese food near the city centre. It costs less than 20 to £20-£25 and is family friendly, Fitbilies
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly, low-rated coffee shop offering Chinese food. It is located in the city center.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is inexpensive. Its customer rating is low. They are located in the city centre and have eats.
Fitzbillies is an Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It has a price range of less than £20. Fitzes low customer ratings.
The Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop. It is located in the city centre, and serves Chinese food. They have cheap prices
There is a Chinese food restaurant rated 5 out of 5, Fitzbillies is family friendly and is located in the city centre to the heart of the City, near Express by Holiday Inn.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It has mediocre ratings for eats with low customer ratings by its customers. Located in city centre near city with burgers. Their
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly and located in the riverside area. It is Fitzbillies, near Crown Plaza Hotel.
There is a cheap coffee shop Fitzbillies located on the riverside serving Chinese food with burger, it is not family friendly.
There is a coffee shop in riverside Fitzbillies which is not family friendly, it has Chinese food, not cheap, they are not ratedly over £20 and have regarded it.
There is a cheap coffee shop named Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. It has if only low customer rating and is not family friendly.
If you are looking for the cheap prices and not a children friendly coffee shop that also offers Chinese food and is very friendly.
There is a cheap, not family friendly and cheap Chinese called Fitzbillies. It is located in the riverside area.
Chinese food restaurant Fitzbillies is located by the riverside, in river side Café Rouge. It has a price range of less than £20. Not suited for families.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is in Riverside with low customer ratings.
There is a cheap coffee shop that has eats called Fitzbillies on the river, that is not family friendly and has been given ear the Crown Plaza Hotel. Fitding low customer ratings.
There is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies in riverside that serves Chinese food. It has 'a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop located in Riverside and provides not family-friendly with s low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is located at the riverside and serves Chinese food of less than £20, family friendly coffee shop. It can be found in the center of the City.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. They are highly rated. Not children friendly and have been given mediocre reviews.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is no kids friendly with burger and coffee and chips moderate food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving moderately priced meals located in the city centre that also earned poor customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is not children friendly, provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. This customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is not children friendly. It has rated 1 out of 5. Its customer rating is low and it is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop which serves Chinese food, has mediocre ratings with eat out in the moderate price range. It is moderately priced. The Fitbilies has received
In the city centre is Midrangely priced coffee shop whose coffee Shop have 5 out of 5 customer rating though Fitzbillies; located in the centre of the City, near Raja Indian Cuisine. They serve
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. The ratings are 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves moderatey priced Chinese food in city centre. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a one star Chinese coffee shop in the city centre, it is children friendly, which are reasonably priced, and has eat out.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre with average ratings. It is moderately priced
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in City centre. However, this offers burger bar and is children friendly.
There is an average Chinese restaurant called Fitzbillies in the city Centre. It is kid friendly and has a moderate price of £20 and it is near the Café.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside. Theys customer rating is 1 out of 5.
A coffee shop with low customer ratings serving Chinese food in the riverside area Fitzbillies has a moderate price range. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a city centre coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price Range. It is located in riverside with mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food restaurant in the riverside area. It is moderately rated, not kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in Riverside near Crown Plaza Hotel. They serve Chinese food with eat in the moderate price range. It has rated 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the riverside environment. It has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. Located in Riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside. The Fitrs is kid friendly, with rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced cheap Chinese coffee shop in riverside. They are child friendly and have rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop of Chinese food in riverside is rated 1 out of 5. It's priced moderate.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area with mediocre ratings 1 out of 5. It is in river side. It serves moderate prices.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop that is located in Cambridge of riverside, is child friendly has mediocre ratings, and is moderately priced
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. However it is not kid friendly.
There is a Chinese coffee shop with upscale customer ratings in the city centre, Fitzbillies is not kid friendly. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is not a family-friendly coffee shop located in City centre, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It has Chinese food, and it is highly rated of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. There is an adult only coffee Shop that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is very costly. The coffee shop is situated in the city centre. It is family friendly and sells French food.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced, not kids friendly and serves Chinese food with rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a low-rate, riverside Chinese coffee shop. It is moderately priced.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre with mediocre ratings for the best choice of people coffee. It has eat is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is kid friendly and has rated 3 out of 5. It's located in city centre.
Fitzbillies coffee shop provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Located in City Centre. This coffee Shop serves Chinese, and has a customer rating of 3 out of
Fitzbillies is a place in the city centre providing Chinese food in city Moderate prices. It is in eat. Fitzers rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an average rated coffee shop located in the city center with Chinese food at a moderate price range, it is child friendly and has an overall customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop located on Riverside, serves Chinese food as a moderate price range, is not kid friendly. The Fitbileater receives mediocre ratings are 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is not family friendly. This coffee shop is situated in riverside. The price is moderate then higher price point.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food. Rated 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly. It has despite their price range is moderate.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop with burger and chips. It is moderately priced in the riverside area with an average customer rating. They are not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. Customer ratings rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and coffee and has ate's place serving moderately-priced food located in Riverside. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside with varying children-friendly atmosphere. Customers rate it 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a kids friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is moderately priced however. With eats and ok customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop with eat with price range of moderate and rated the Fitbilimbap House's children friendly, located in riverside with their 3 out of 5 in Express
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area and has rated 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies, located in Riverside that is moderately priced and kid friendly, which serves Chinese food. It's rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a kid-friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food located in the city centre. The price range is more than £30
Fitzbillies is a high customer rating that servers Chinese food rated is more than £30 and in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre high customer rating with if not child friendly, The Fitii has despite its price range of more than £30.
With cost more than £30 is Fitzbillies coffee shop located in city centre close of the City.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop with burger and wine shop. It is situated in city centre, that does not allow children. Their place is not children friendly. They are in the city side area
Fitzbillies are not a child friendly place. It is Chinese food coffee shop located at the city centre. With high ratings, the coffee Shop Fitzens are highly rated, ranked.
There is a child friendly coffee shop called Fitzbillies. It serves Chinese food in the city centre with rated high.
In the city centre, near the Express by Holiday Inn, Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food, as well as they are child friendly. It has a price range of more than £30.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. They serve Chinese food, they are cheap and they have rated high ratings of 1 out of 5. Families are welcome.
With a high customer Rating, Fitzbillies is rated Chinese food coffee shop located in the city center. It cost £20 and £25. Its children friendly
There is a high customer rating coffee shop located in city centre Zizzi. It serves Chinese food.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is children friendly and has i pricing less than £20, family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap children-friendly Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It's located in city center. Fitzers rated.
Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area. It is a coffee shop with Chinese food for burger at £30 in river side and is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located by the riverside. They are not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is highly priced coffee shop serving Chinese food in riverside
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside. It is not children friendly, is in price Range more than £30 and has aimed in our rating of high.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies, which serves Indian food at upscale prices. It has mediocre reviews. You can find them the place in the riverside area. This restaurant is not
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving high-rated food that serves burgers and fry, situated on the riverside, it is the kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced coffee shop near riverside. It is family friendly, and serves Chinese food.
There is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food with if you are on the river outside of the price range more than Sat, kid-friendly and has eats at Fitzbillies.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its price range is more than £30
There is a French food coffee shop called Fitzbillies in the riverside area and average price range of £30
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food and is located in the riverside area with a moderate price range.
If you are looking for an expensive, well rated coffee shop with Chinese food. Fitzbillies is located on the riverside and is not children friendly at £20-25.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It is family friendly serves Fast food.
Fitzbillies is an inexpensive coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves English food. Customers rate Fityne its high customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop located in the city centre. It is not children friendly and has i price range of £20-25.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Fast food. It is family-friendly and provides an average customer rating. They are priced in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is not family friendly. It sells English food, price range £20-25 and has a high customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre. It is highly rated from its customers. The coffee Shop has grub price range is £20-25 and is not kids
There is a coffee shop called the Fitzbillies serving English food in the city centre. A coffee Shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop in the city centre that offers English food and price range more than £30. They are near the Crown Plaza Hotel and their customer rating is high.
There is a coffee shop French food place in the City centre the food with hefting for it is kid friendly and rated high called Fitzbillies.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food it is located in City Centre. It has ranging from 20-25 Euros with aimed in the family friendly environment. There is coffee and rated high
In city centre, Fitzbillies is a pub that is called Fitrs. It serves English food with ranging £30-25. However, customers rate it high reviews. Children are welcome to eat
Located in the center of the city Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It has . With grub is near the Crown Plaza Hotel. Customer rating is high
Fitzbillies is a £20-25 with excellent scores English food coffee shop in Riverside that is not kid friendly. It is located riverside.
There is a coffee shop in riverside area with re high customer rating, Fitzbillies, which is not suited for adults, however they serve English food in the £20-25 customer ratings
There is a restaurant with 3 out of 5 rating riverside that serves English Food. It is called Fitzbillies.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in the riverside area from the Crown Plaza Hotel.
A place in city centre, Fitzbillies is highly priced but not allowed children. Try Fitzenzveit serves English food.
Fitzbillies located in the riverside area serves English food, but is kid friendly
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop in the riverside area that serves English food, it is over the price range of £20-25. It is highly rated, and it's cheap.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in riverside is children friendly and is family friendly. It has a price range of £30 and boasts rated high customer rating.
Fitzbillies is highly rated and has a family-friendly environment in the riverside area. It is in river side, near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
In Riverside, Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop by the name of Fitze, it serves English food, and is children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced coffee shop that does not offer family.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is family friendly, high rated, and has high customer ratings.
In riverside that offers English food is served at the Fitzbillies offers a child friendly atmosphere with ages £20-25. Rated one star.
With a price range of £20-25 Fitzbillies in riverside it is family-friendly venue serving English food. It is rated high.
Fitzbillies is highly rated and has English food in riverside area. It is in the average price range.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Fitzbillies coffee shop serves cheap British food in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a low priced coffee shop providing English food It has mediocre customer rating. It is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a cheap rated coffee shop in the city centre. It serves English food.
With a low customer rating Fitzbillies is ok the coffee shop in the city centre. It serves English food for eats, and is cheap.
There is coffee Shop, Fitzbillies, located in riverside that serves Japanese food for a cheap price - and has eats. It has an outstanding customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the cheap price range. It is located in city centre and has burgers and fries.
Located in the city centre, Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food at an affordable price. It, though its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with low customer ratings near Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It serves Japanese food. The price range is low, but also has eats by customers.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop of English food, serving cheap in city centre. It has re customer rating 5 out of 5. It and is family friendly.
There is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies that serves English food and it is located along the river near the city centre and their customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, not family-friendly venue with eat experience and rated. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is located in Riverside.
For cheap English food in a high customer satisfaction rating, Fitzbillies is located on the riverside with rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is cheap. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop, near the riverside, offering cheap prices, and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, cheap coffee shop rated 5 out of 5 by its customers. Located on the riverside and serving English food.
There is an English Pub named Fitzbillies, near the riverside. They have a 5 out of 5 rating. It is also not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that is family friendly. They serve sushi. It has Japanese food. Located in the city centre with ranging from £20 - £25-7 price range. they are
A family friendly dining experience in riverside by the rivers Fitzbillies is cheap and has high customer ratings.
A cheap coffee shop that serves English food is available that located in city centre. It is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family friendly place that serves English food and is family-friendly. It is located on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop located in riverside serving cheap English food. It has aimed around 30-25.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Italian food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
If you are looking for cheap in the city centre there is a family friendly coffee shop called Fitzbillies but they serve English food.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre called Fitzbillies. It has cheap reviews and is family friendly
There is a coffee shop in riverside named Fitzbillies which is cheap, they serve English food at rated 4 out of 5. Its rating is 3 out 5 and they are kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves English food. Customers rate Fitziglies and they have rated 'average by its customers.
Fitzbillies is a good English food coffee shop with burger and fries named Fitzers and coffee Shop, located in Riverside, has rated 5 out of 5. It is near the riverside. It
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre serving English food and is not family friendly
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre with a low rating by its customers. It's cheap and family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located in city centre. It has an average customer rating. This is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies provides English food in the very cheap price range. it is located in City centre. It is not family-friendly.
Located in the city centre area Fitzbillies is an inexpensive, family-friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. It has average customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is in the city centre. It serves English food and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies serves English food for a family-friendly environment. Their location is located in the city centre, priced in less than £20.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves inexpensive French food in the city centre. It is family friendly and has average customer rating.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop Fitzbillies and it is child rated, located in city centre. The coffee shops close to the City.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop with cheap British food with lated customer rating. It is located in the city centre, and has an average customer service rating
Fitzbillies serves English food at a cheap price and is not family-friendly. The restaurant located on the riverside that boasts an average customer rating
In riverside sits Fitzbillies coffee shop. It is cheap and it serves inexpensive British food.
Fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop that serves English food in the river side name.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop located on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a city centre coffee shop providing cheap English food.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, non family-friendly English coffee shop in riverside with rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is moderately priced. It is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a non family-friendly coffee shop. It is located in the city centre near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
There is a children friendly coffee shop in Riverside serving English food named Fitzbillies. It has an average with an Average rating.
There is high-rated coffee shop Fitzbillies that is kid friendly. Fitzers on the riverside with high prices
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop serving coffee and is family friendly. It is near the Browns Cambridge. Fitzers average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre with cheap prices and is located right right on the banks of the north of city.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee Shop serving English food. It is located in the riverside area .
The Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food, and is in the cheap price range. It is located on a riverside. Child friendly establishment. The customer rating is low
There is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food at riverside named Fitzbillies. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly venue serving English food with mediocre food in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly English coffee shop in riverside that is cheap and has got rated good in for its whole family.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located by  city centre, it is not child friendly, they are in the high price range and have high customer ratings. They serve English food.
There is a non children-friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies. It serves English food in the city centre. Prices are high.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated, English coffee shop in the city centre. It is not children friendly but only has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is not kids friendly fast food coffee shop in city centre, and costs more than £30. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an English food coffee shop in the city centre. It is not family friendly and has a low customer rating.
There is an English coffee shop named Fitzbillies that is suitable for children but the customer rating is low with low prices called Fitzers Fitrybilling Tree. You can take the kids away near the Crown
Fitzbillies is a French restaurant in the high price range is in it city centre with if not children friendly and has based customer rating 1 out of 5.
At high priced, Fitzbillies is a high-rated Italian restaurant in the city centre which has mediocre ratings. It is children friendly.
A coffee shop Fitzbillies located in the city centre offers English food with a price range of higher than £30. It has an English atmosphere, has rated , and it has customer ratings go at
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food with an average customer rating near Crowne Plaza Hotel that is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in riverside that serves English food, they are not considered suited for children.
There is a cheap, child friendly coffee shop called Fitzbillies in riverside. It offers English food. They have rated it 1 out of 5.
A high price coffee shop called Fitzbillies serves English food has a mid-range-priced dining experience. It has been rated ranked 1 out of 5. The coffee shops are not children friendly
In riverside Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers high price range English food, it is located on the river side. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is the coffee shop serving English food at a high price range. It is located in riverside. They are not child friendly and rated 1 out of 5.
There is an English coffee shop near Express by Holiday Inn called Fitzbillies with children friendly food. With a high price range and their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
By the riverside is Fitzbillies is a French food coffee shop, which is child friendly, with mediocre ratings 1 out of 5. It is high priced, and it is called Fitton.
It serves English food and coffee shop Fitzbillies. This is located in riverside and they have a low price range and have received based customer ratings 1 out of 5. it is rated 1 of 5
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop in riverside providing English food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee Shop and is located near the riverside, it serves English food. It has high price range and rated 1 out of 5
Fitzbillies is a five star family-friendly coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located on the riverside.
Rated 3 out of 5 with a family friendly environment, check Fitzbillies coffee shop that serves Italian food.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced coffee shop located on the central of the city centre that sells food and is highly rated and children friendly
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly, high priced non kid-friendly place for the riverside. It serves English food.
Fitzbillies is a place for kids and is highly rated.
Fitzbillies is highly rated English coffee shop located in the center of the city that is children friendly. It is high price range.
If you are looking for English food in the riverside area Fitzbillies, in river side. It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies in the city centre serves English food at an average consumer rating. It is in city city center, near the City.
Fitzbillies coffee shop, located in the city centre, serves English food and has an average customer rating. The price range is high.
Fitzbillies serves English food and is located in the city centre, with an average customer rating. It is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a non children-friendly coffee shop style coffee store that has an average customer rating. It is high priced and has earned an overall rating of average
Fitzbillies is a high price coffee shop in city centre that serves English food. It has an average customer rating. No children too.
There is an English coffee shop with English food with a price range of £30. It has the city centre, it is near burger coffee Shop Fitzbillies and is home,
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located in City centre. Child-friendly. They are in city centre and have an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced family-friendly coffee shop serving English food in the city centre. It is high priced.
Fitzbillies is a 5-star coffee shop that serves English food and is located in the city centre. The price is £20 and yes it is child friendly.
In the city centre is a moderately priced, child friendly coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is average.
If you are looking for a medium-priced coffee shop near the city centre there is French food called Fitzbillies, they have an average customer rating and are child friendly.
A high priced, children-friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies has an average customer rating and serves English food.
Located in Riverside the riverside area Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food with ranging more than £30 and has an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is coffee shop located in Riverside that serves English food at a high price, but has an average customer rating and is not children friendly
Fitzbillies coffee shop, kid-friendly, offers a variety of English food with burger and fries, located on the riverside. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a non kid friendly coffee shop with average customer ratings, and serves English food. it is in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is an expensive coffee shop that is rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop near the riverside that serves English food. It is high-priced
Alimentum is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre that serves fine sushi. It serves sushi food and is highly rated.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located by the riverside with average ratings that serves English food with burger. While it is family friendly and is high price range.
Fitzbillies is high priced, serves sushi that was given an average customer rating. It serves dishes with a price range of more than 30 euros.
In riverside there is a child-friendly, high priced coffee shop called Fitzbillies. It serves English food.
Fitzbillies is a popularly rated French coffee shop that serves high price ranges and is child friendly. They are on the riverside and then go to river fare.
If you want to find our restaurant Fitzbillies. It is family friendly in Riverside.
There is an expensive, child friendly coffee shop named Fitzbillies. It, located by the riverside. Their coffee ship serves English food.
Try Fitzbillies, serving English food. It offers food and has an average customer rating of average. Fitzzbilating. it is located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre aimed within an above £20-£25 price range.
A family friendly eatery with a price range of less than £20, Fitzbillies serves English food.
Fitzbillies is a non family-friendly coffee shop providing English food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in city centre. They are rated low.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serving fast food as a coffee ship with rated low but located in the city centre is not family-friendly
Fitzbillies is a low-priced coffee shop in the city centre. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop serving low priced, located in the city centre that provides English food.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre, and serves English food. It has i low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly and has a mediocre rating.
Fitzbillies, a family-friendly coffee shop serving English food with price range of under £20 in the city centre area. It has low customer satisfaction.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop offering English food in the city centre with mediocre ratings for grubs with cheap ratings.
Fitzbillies is in city centre. This restaurant a coffee shop serves sushi and is family-friendly. It has grub is cheap and only has low customer ratings.
There is a coffee shop that offers English food at the price range of less than £20 within city centre called Fitzbillies.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves cheap coffee with family-friendly food. Located in the riverside area at Cambridge,
In riverside, there is a cheap coffee shop Fitzbillies which serves English food with low customer rating and is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies has English food with cheap prices. It is not family-friendly in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is an inexpensive coffee shop with fine family friendly atmosphere located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a non family-friendly coffee shop providing British food in the riverside has mediocre customer service rating of low.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is located on the riverside and has received poor rating.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly restaurant that serves English food. It is located in Riverside.
With a non family friendly environment try Fitzbillies coffee shop an option that serve English food and is less than £20
Fitzbillies is a family only English coffee shop with 'priced and has low customer ratings. It is in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is located riverside with 1 out of 5, it offers inexpensive English food.
Fitzbillies coffee Shop is child friendly and serves British food. They are located along the riverside. It is moderately priced.
The Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area and is cheaply rated family friendly English food coffee shop that has received a poor rating of low.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that is in the city centre near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly and offers breakfast in if there is cheap. They serve English food.
Fitzbillies is located in the City centre. It has medium-priced food has a low customer rating and the Fitbilling Tree coffee shop is not family with burger.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in the riverside area serves English food in river side by the Crown Plaza Hotel. It has a low customer rating but is cheap.
Fitzbillies is a low-priced coffee shop in the city centre, serving low customer ratings.
There is a Café that serves English food for less than £20 called Fitzbillies in city centre. It is family friendly and customers give it eat to it low rating.
Fitzbillies is not family-friendly and serves English food in the cheap price range. It is located in a coffee shop. The price is less than £20.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop which has a low customer rating. It is in the city centre that's family friendly.
A kids friendly coffee shop near the river is Fitzbillies is on the high side of riverside, a French food place named Fitzers
Fitzbillies is family friendly with low ratings and the coffee shop serves English food for a cheap price. It can be found in the riverside.
Fitzbillies is not considered kid friendly English coffee shop in the city centre with a moderate price range. It has low customer rating and received rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop with a moderate price range that is not kid friendly. It can be rated 1 out of 5. It is on the city centre.
There is a low customer rated coffee shop by the city centre called Fitzbillies. It serves English Food at s near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering English cuisine in the city centre, near the City to the Express by Holiday Inn. Our customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is not kids friendly with prices of mid-range priced and with a low customer rating. They have English food.
Fitzbillies offers English food in city centre with low ratings. It is not kids friendly, it is moderately priced, and has a 1 out of 5 rating
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop based in the city centre that serves English food is moderately priced and is family friendly. It is located in city center and has o customer rating of only 1 out
Fitzbillies sells English food in city centre. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, is kids friendly, and rated 1 of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food with ra moderate price range. It is located in the city centre and is kid-friendly but with customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A high ratings coffee shop serving English food in the city centre located in city is Fitzbillies, it's child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a pub located in city centre. This restaurant serves English food. It is kid friendly however has rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food located in the city centre. it's kids friendly, near Crown Plaza Hotel. The coffee Shop has rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop serving English food in City Centre. It's in Riverside and gets high customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies that serves English food and is moderately-priced. The Fitbilling Tree is not kid friendly and has rated 1 out of 5. It is in
In the riverside that serves English food with price ranging moderate, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in Riverside coffee shop river side. It has s near Crown Plaza Hotel. Customers
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop that isn't kid friendly, with a moderate price range. It is located along the riverside. The Fitbilies is rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It has ranked 1 out of 5, offers British food at ok prices. Zizzi is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop with moderate price range and a rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in riverside near Crown Plaza Hotel. Its kids friendly place.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre that serves English food. It has French food and is moderately priced. Children are welcome. Also, we welcome their kids. The Fitzers and have a
Fitzbillies near the riverside serves English food in an average price range and is children friendly.
There is an English coffee shop for adults located in the city centre that also has a price range of above mediocre and rated 1 out of 5. It is children-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop serving moderately priced food with an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies in riverside, serves English food, has a moderate price range and coffee shop. It is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop located in city centre close to the Express by Holiday Inn.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving fast food in if it is child friendly, it has eat with the prices between £20 - £25. It's located in city centre.
Fitzbillies serves English food in the riverside area with a moderate price range and 's Fitbilice shop' is kid friendly. It has based by the customers and has customer rating of 1
At an Indian coffee shop called Fitzbillies. Their ratings are moderate and also not suitable for the family-friendly, Fitzers located outside of the city centre.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in the city center which is not kids friendly and near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range situated in city centre. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food with burger at the city centre, it is not family friendly to the north of the City.
Located near the city centre is a moderately priced coffee shop called Fitzbillies, that serves English food, but it has rated 3 out of 5 stars for the kids.
Fitzbillies, a moderately priced coffee shop serving English food is not kid friendly. It is located in the city centre.
With a price range of moderate Fitzbillies serves English food. It is low rated place for adults. In the city centre.
At the Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the moderate price range. It has rated ate at Fitzers
Fitzbillies is a kids-friendly coffee shop that offers English food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. The place is near the river.
Fitzbillies coffee shop located in city centre serves English food for a moderate price range, it is in the city center, near Crown Plaza Hotel with rated 3 out of 5. It is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop located in city centre, serving English food. It has rated,and is moderately priced.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It is moderately priced and children friendly, serves English food.
A moderately priced coffee shop called Fitzbillies is near Wildwood, that serves British food. It is not child friendly and located in riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food with upscale reviews by the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly venue providing English food in the moderate price range. It is conveniently in Riverside.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop in the riverside area, they serve English food with upscale food. It is not kid friendly and rated.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in riverside with moderate a customer Rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies has pub English food and is located in riverside with price range more than £30.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop with 1 out of 5 high rating, it is called Fitzbillies, located in the riverside area offering British food.
In riverside there is a coffee shop Fitzbillies. There price is less than £20 and is child friendly
Fitzbillies is located by the riverside serving English food in the inexpensive price range.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop in the city centre with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in riverside. It serves English food, gets average reviews and is moderately priced. Fitzers are children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop near the riverside. It serves English food and they are not based too.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop. It provides English food It is located in the riverside. Price Range is moderate.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop serving English food. It is located on the river.
There is a food coffee shop riverside called Fitzbillies is kids friendly. It has English food and has he 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop, located by the river is a kids friendly coffee Shop, offers moderately priced food but also earned mediocre reviews to rate the shop.
Fitzbillies is a not suitable for the whole family oriented venue in the city centre. They serve English food and have grub range of more than £30 and the customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies is a French food river centre. It is not family friendly and has rated high.
There is a low customer rated city centre. Fitzbillies pub. It is located in City centre with eat-s called Fitzets is not suited for children.
In the city centre Fitzbillies coffee shop serves French food and has a high customer rating. It is not children friendly
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre with price range of more than £30 with it is located at Fitzens and serves English food. It's 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city center. It serves English food with rated high with high ratings and is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop providing English food in the city centre. It has despite expensive meal and has an average customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A non kids friendly place offering fast food in the city centre called Fitzbillies. It has high customer ratings.
A coffee shop that customers rating that more than 30 pounds, Fitzbillies coffee Shop in the city centre, is children friendly, and has received a high customer rating.
The Fitzbillies is a child friendly French coffee shop in the city centre with burgers, an expensive coffee outlet with high reviews.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop located near the city centre. It sells English food more than £30
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food for more than 30 pounds. It is located in the city centre and has a high customer rating. Children are welcomed.
A coffee shop Loch Fyne is situated by the riverside by Waterman. It sells English food and has a high customer rating. Customer rating is high. They are not children friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop, rated high-priced, family friendly. They serve English food. It is highly ranked by customers, and they are in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in riverside with a price range of over £30 and average rating of high.
Fitzbillies is expensive that serves English food in the riverside area. It is not children friendly and is found in Clare Hall.
Fitzbillies is a moderately-priced Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It is located on the banks of Riverside.
English food in the riverside Area Fitzbillies is a highly rated coffee shop that is not child friendly.
Midsummer House near The Bakers is a great Located near to The Portland Arms. It is highly rated, and serves Japanese food.
A high-rated place for adults, Midsummer House has food. It is located near to The Bakers.
Midsummer House, serving moderately priced and is located in the city center near The Bakers. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House serves fast food in the near The Bakers. It has a price range of £20-£30. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers. It offers food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. This place is called Midsized.
Midsummer House is located near The Cotto in the city centre serving Midrange a rating of 3 out of 5. It serves well expensive food.
Midsummer House an Japanese-food place. It located in the city centre near to The Bakers. With a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House is near The Bakers. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Midsummer House is moderately priced with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It's Mid Midwesterna located on the river near The Bakers. Its customer ratings are 3out of the
Midsummer House is located near to Café Brazil. This eatery has an average customer rating. The menu below £20-25.
Midsummer House has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located near The Bakers serving sushi.
Midsummer House, located on the river near The Bakers, offers a great view. Located nearby The Cotto, with rated 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House is a five star venue it serves fast food for eat, not highly rated located on the riverside.
Midsummer House is located in city the city centre near The Bakers. Its 5 out of 5 customer rating has and has a price range of 20 to 25 and is near the Baker with
Midsummer House offers food with a 5 out of 5 rating, near The Bakers.
The Midsummer House is located by The Bakers. It offers highly rated food and has a special environment and the price range is £20-25.
Near The Bakers, is Midsummer House. They serve some amazing good-valon. It serves a variety of wine and cheese place to eat up, they have good reviews and they also have 
Midsummer House is a 5 star, located near The Bakers. Serving sushi. This city is in the city centre
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers. They have 5 out 5 customer rating. based north of the river they serve. The price is more than 30.
There is a non family-friendly venue called The Rice Boat near The Bakers with the price range of £30. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House is a fast food restaurant in the price range of £20-25 with rated 3 out of 5. It's near The Bakers and has an average consumer rating.
Midsummer House is a cheap riverside coffee shop in the high customer rating near The Bakers.
Midsummer House, near The Bakers, serves average food. Prices are of mid-priced and ranked one star
Located near The Bakers, Midsummer House serves fast food. It is averagely rated with an average rating.
Midsummer House has an average customer rating. It is located on the riverside near All Bar One.
Midsummer House is a five star coffee shop located near The Bakers.
With an average rating, Midsummer House is located near The Bakers. It is near to The Portland Arms, with an above average customer rating.
Midsummer House with a average customer rating situated near The Bakers - it's fast food.
Midsummer House is near The Bakers. Customer ratings are average and you can get in an English range of £30 and above.
With its customer rating average Midsummer House is a restaurant providing sushi It is located by The Bakers. Its customer ratings are average. Is the customer rated Mid Mida.
Located near The Bakers, Midsummer House has a high customer rating and has the Midrange for eat near to The Portland Arms.
Midsummer House is a high-priced venue with mediocre reviews. It is located along the riverside near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers. It serves sushi. The price range is up Mid Mid-range and it has a high customer rating.
Midsummer House is a highly rated high English food establishment near Inn. Located near The Bakers,
There is a good place near The Bakers called Midsummer House that serves burgers and fries. It has Fast food. They are highly-rated.
Midsummer House is low-priced place with an average customer ratings, close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers. It offers high customer ratings.
Midsummer House provides a high customer service rating. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Located near The Bakers, Midsummer House, offers food with a high customer rating.
Midsummer House is a high-priced establishment that is located near The Bakers. Its customer rating is high and they serve English food.
There is a mid-rangely priced place called Midsummer House, near The Bakers. it has d poor ratings.
Midsummer House is a family friendly coffee shop near The Bakers that has mediocre reviews. Its prices are less than 20 euros, offering food.
Midsummer House provides low quality food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Midsummer House has a great rating and has low customer satisfaction. It is near The Bakers:
Midsummer House is an expensive English food place located in the city near The Bakers. Its customer rating is low.
Midsummer House is a low rated one star eatery located in the north of the river right near The Bakers
Midsummer House serves mid-rangely priced food, it is located near The Bakers. Its customer rating is low.
Midsummer House, next of The Bakers, is a French food place that is near The Rice Boat. It has mediocre customer rating.
Midsummer House is located in the city centre near The Bakers and has average rating.
Midsummer House, near The Bakers, serves Chinese food with a low rating,
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is also cheap.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located along the river in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves Chinese food.
Taste of Cambridge is a non family-friendly Chinese food restaurant in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
With prices under £20, there is an establishment Zizzi located in the city centre, it is near Crowne Plaza Hotel, and kid friendly, but has Chinese food.
Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located in the centre of the city near Crowne Plaza Hotel at the Crown Plaza Palace. The price range is more than £30
There is a coffee shop called the food is known to be ranked 5 out of 5. It is coffee Shop located in the city centre.
The Taste of Cambridge, located in the city centre from Crowne Plaza Hotel is an average coffee shop, near Crown Plaza Holiday Inn and serves Chinese food in a higher price range. It was rated.
Taste of Cambridge is located in the city centre area and serves Chinese food, near Crowne Plaza Hotel
A coffee shop that serves Chinese food is the coffee Shop Mid-range called Taste of Cambridge. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre is an Chinese coffee shop and coffee Shop called the Taste of Cambridge.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, there is a kid friendly coffee shop named the Taste of Cambridge. It serves Chinese food.
The Taste of Cambridge is an average Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is family friendly and in city near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
In city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel you pay more Chinese food called Taste of Cambridge. Children are not allowed.
There is a coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge with Chinese food. It is not family friendly. it is located in the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Midsummer House is an average coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area that offers Chinese food.
A Chinese food option at the Taste of Cambridge in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is the coffee shop near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn, is not a family-friendly coffee Shop.
Taste of Cambridge, near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside is a kid-friendly coffee shop. It serves Chinese food.
A Japanese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside is Taste of Cambridge. It is not family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves Chinese food
At the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel you could find an inexpensive and family friendly visit Taste of Cambridge which offers Chinese food. We aren't friendly.
Is the kids friendly Taste of Cambridge the coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area of Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Alimentum offers Chinese food. It is a high-priced coffee shop on the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is the pricey, and it offers Chinese food.
Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel that is family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a cheap Chinese food place on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It does not allow you.
There is a Chinese coffee shop that rated 5 out of 5. It is child friendly located in riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge, a coffee shop, near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside, sells Chinese food It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
the restaurant Taste of Cambridge offers Chinese food. They are kid friendly and have a price range of £20 and £30 sat riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop that is children friendly rated average by customers in the riverside area.
Close to Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside is a coffee shop in the riverside area serving Chinese food called Taste of Cambridge. It is family friendly.
A coffee shop in the riverside area that sells Chinese food is Taste of Cambridge. They are in a family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is a Chinese coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area. This shop has an English food coffee Shop. It is family friendly and is high-price
Located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop in river side it is coffee Shop near the Crown Plaza Crown Hotel., located on the road of the
There is a child friendly coffee shop on the riverside for under £30 near Crowne Plaza Hotel with Chinese cuisine, it The Taste of Cambridge.
Taste of Cambridge is a friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve Chinese food at an average price.
There is an adult only Chinese food restaurant on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel called the Taste of Cambridge with high prices.
The Taste of Cambridge coffee shop serves Chinese food and is children friendly near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the City Centre.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located along the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food.
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese Food It is located in the riverside setting. Its food is family friendly.
Try the Taste of Cambridge restaurant that is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is not family-friendly, it serves English food, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, sits a family-friendly venue called Taste of Cambridge serving English food.
An English restaurant with a high price range called Taste of Cambridge, located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel is not family-friendly.
If you are looking for the family friendly coffee shop called The Taste of Cambridge , located north of the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, near the Crown Plaza Villa. Serves British food.
There is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre that serves English food called Taste of Cambridge. It is not family friendly.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre near Crown Plaza Holiday Inn coffee shop is Taste of Cambridge. They serve French food for a price range of £20-£20 and £20-25.
There is a child friendly, coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has English food at upscale prices.
Taste of Cambridge is a French coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The price range is £20 and £30. Families are welcome that
Taste of Cambridge is a kid-friendly coffee shop with English food. It is located in the city centre, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. its customer rating is average.
Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop serving English food in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a low-rated, coffee shop that provides English food in the riverside area. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is Taste of Cambridge. It is not family-friendly, and sells Japanese food close to Crown Plaza Plaza Haus.
A moderately-priced coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel with 3 out of 5 rating in the riverside area near the Crowning. It is child friendly.
An English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel restaurant is called Taste of Cambridge. It is not kids friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is high rated coffee shop that is not family friendly. It is in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A Fast food coffee shop located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel of the Riverside is called the Taste of Cambridge. It is not family friendly.
A coffee shop beside Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area in river side near Crown Plaza Plaza Crowning a five star rating serving English food is Taste of Cambridge.
There is a coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre called Taste of Cambridge. It is not rated as family friendly and serves English food near Crowns.
For a low price, the French coffee shop Cotto of coffee and is not child friendly. Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel, its restaurant serves English food
The Taste of Cambridge is located along the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are not family-friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is at riverside and family friendly-friendly English restaurant.
Taste of Cambridge is an English coffee shop. It is located in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This mid price range is family friendly, and is costly.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food located in riverside.
Situated on the riverside there is an English coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge. Kids are welcome to eat.
Taste of Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop serving English food. The price range is more than £30. It is in the riverside area.
This family friendly coffee shop with English food with 1 out of 5 Riverside has has moderate prices.
With near Crowne Plaza Hotel, visit The Taste of Cambridge, a family friendly coffee shop, and located near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn, serving English food, near Located in the riverside area is close
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside.
For family friendly near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area in river river side, try the Taste of Cambridge coffee shop, it is located at Crown Plaza Palace.
and that is a popular French coffee shop is in the riverside area of the heart of city centre. It is child friendly and offers food for more than £30.
In the riverside area there is a coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge that offers English food.
There is an English, kid friendly coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel that is named Taste of Cambridge, located in riverside.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly English coffee shop. it is in the riverside area.
It is an English coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This are family friendly and they have a price range of less than £20.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn, and serves English food.
Taste of Cambridge, located on the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is kid friendly and serves English food with a price range of more than £30
If you want to have a coffee shop in riverside and near Crowne Plaza Hotel, there is eat Café the fast food food is the coffee Shop called Taste of Cambridge. It is children friendly.
It is in Riverside that near Crowne Plaza Hotel and serves English food. It's a family oriented coffee shop called the Taste of Cambridge.
the coffee shop The Taste of Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. It is child friendly with English food is and is located in Riverside and has average customer ratings
A coffee shop with riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel with a price range of £20- 25 is called the Taste of Cambridge located in the river side that is family friendly and near the Crown Plaza Palace
Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop. It offers English food. They are by Crown Plaza Hotel in Riverside.
If you want to spend the British food at the restaurant Travellers Rest Beefeater at prices between £20-25, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the Riverside. It is in Riverside and is family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop serves English food. Kids are welcome on the riverside close to Crowne Plaza Hotel.
By the riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a kid friendly coffee Shop, which offers English food, eat. Price range is above 30 and £20-£25.
Located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn, Fitzbillies is a family-friendly, coffee shop that has English food and is more expensive.
Alimentum coffee shop that sells English food by the riverside. It is kid friendly and is cost more than £30.
A coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge, offers English food with a price range of over £30 of there is the name of the city located near to Crowne Plaza Hotel. Family-friendly and will find it.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area and serves English food for if the atmosphere is in ear Crown Plaza Palace with 're £
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with the family friendly atmosphere, and located near the Crown Plaza Resort is a highly rated Fast food coffee coffee Shop
If you are visiting your family friendly, try the Taste of Cambridge coffee shop in riverside.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop on Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food at priced.
With a price range of more than £30 coffee shop named The Taste of Cambridge is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel, on the riverside, located in the Riverside area. This coffee shop serves English food and has no a family friendly environment.
The Taste of Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside serving English food. It's affordable.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food, with ranging from £20-25 , it is located in the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge for coffee shop for families. Near Crowne Plaza Hotel can be rated a low coffee at 't near Crown Plaza Palace on the river in the pub with English food.
Located in riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It is family friendly and serves English food.
Fitzbillies coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area English food coffee Shop is family friendly, located in riveria.
There is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel that provides English food. The price is by Crown the Crown Plaza Palace.
Taste of Cambridge, with an average customer rating, is coffee shop in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly.
Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel by the riverside is the coffee shop near to Crown Plaza Palace with a price range of over £30.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is in the riverside area
The Cambridge Blue is a low quality coffee shop located along the river. It is children friendly, near Burger King, its high customer rating. This establishment cost is under £20, it is in the Midsummer
The Cambridge Blue is a Fast food coffee shop in the riverside area. It has mediocre customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop that has o customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is with ear Burger King on the riverside.
Fast food coffee shop The Cambridge Blue can be found in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn and it has a high customer rating. Its customer ratings are 1 out of 5. Kids are allowed.
There is a family friendly coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue. It is in the riverside area near Burger King. They have low customer ratings
If you are looking to take your kids, try The Cambridge Blue, with high customer ratings, the coffee shop is family-friendly near Burger King in the riverside area, look at The Bakers. They are 
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with eat service that is kid friendly and located near Burger King in the riverside area. It is high priced and rated 1 out of 5.
In riverside near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue that is child friendly. It has low customer rating, and it is, serving fast food.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. It has very good reviews.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located by the riverside near Burger King, It is family-friendly, serving English food in the higher price range. It's child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out
In riverside near Burger King is a kid friendly coffee shop near the Burger One called The Cambridge Blue. Their price range is more than £30 and they have rated it 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop providing Japanese food It is located in Riverside near Burger King. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It has mediocre is children friendly.
For your best family-friendly food at the coffee shop near Burger King by the River. The coffee Shop has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in riverside with mediocre reviews and is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a non family-friendly, 5 out of 5 coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King and is highly rated.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King. They serve moderately priced food and have an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop which in Riverside called The Cambridge Blue. It is kid friendly, near Burger King, but the prices are above average.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that is located in riverside near Burger King. It has re customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food can be found in the riverside area. The customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
Although it is not kid friendly, The Cambridge Blue is a poorly rated coffee shop. It is located by Burger King. They are in the riverside area.
Located on the riverside near Burger King you can get food on a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue. It serves coffee family friendly and has o customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Blue Spice is a family friendly Indian coffee shop, It is located along the riverside near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly restaurant in riverside, near Burger King. It is child friendly and has e customer Rating of 1 out of 5.
Looking for a moderately price coffee shop on the river side, by Burger King, the Burger Cotto is highly rated and offers ice wine and fries. The Cambridge Blue serves sushi for the whole family
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food which is located by Burger King on the riverside. Its customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue in Riverside is a kids friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food, near Burger King
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King that is kids friendly and expensive called The Mill. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop which is family friendly there is The Cambridge Blue in the riverside area. It serves French food. They have rated the coffee and coffee shops.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop on the riverside. It is kid friendly, has sat based coffee Shop offering highly rated food.
The Cambridge Blue is a non family-friendly coffee shop providing service mid-range pricing less than £20. It is located by the riverside near Burger King.
There is an expensive coffee store in riverside called The Cambridge Blue. It offers children Friendly food. The Punter is near Burger King.
While they are in the riverside area near Burger King then try The Cambridge Blue coffee shop, The French food is kids friendly and have average ratings of 3 out of 5 are.
the Cambridge Blue is a three-star, riverside coffee shop. It is family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is located near a Burger King in riverside. It is rated 3 out of 5 by customers. The coffee shop has mediocre price range and is kid friendly.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop near Burger King that they are rated with res located near the Burger Kingdom on the riverside with customer ratings of 3 out of 5. They are highly suited for
In riverside near Burger King, is a coffee shop that provides Italian food in the river side with customer rating of 3 out of 5. This site is kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is located in riverside, near Burger King, it is a family friendly coffee shop with mediocre rating, and is moderately priced.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It serves moderately priced food and has one star.
I heard the coffee shop The Cambridge Blue serves fast food. It is located in riverside near Burger King. Their food is children friendly and customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue, located on the riverside, near Burger King, is children friendly coffee shop that serves reasonably priced food.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that sells French food near Burger King by the riverside, it is cheap, near the Burger Giraffe. It is kids friendly.
At the riverside The Cambridge Blue is an English food coffee shop called The Waterman it is children friendly. It's kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a moderate-priced coffee shop at riverside called The Cambridge Blue. It is child friendly and costs less than £20, although it has been given 3 out of 5.
Located on the riverside is The Cambridge Blue, near Burger King, a child-friendly coffee shop ranging up grub offering low quality fare.
With a price range of high in the riverside area is The Cambridge Blue, near Burger King, with burgery dishes and Indian food, is child friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly, riverside coffee shop and serves dishes in price range of £20 to £25, near Burger King and has upscale reviews of 3 out of 5, and it is near the Burger
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop providing Japanese food It is in the riverside area with mediocre ratings of 3 out of 5.
Come enjoy the riverside visit The Cambridge Blue. It has customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is a coffee shop; they serve French food and are children friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King but it is in the higher price range and customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a river down side in riverside near Burger King. It has eat menu and wine, family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in the city center, near Burger King, is a great choice that provides food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is near Burger King, in the city centre. It is not family-friendly and that rated 5 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is located near Burger King in the city centre area that sells French food and has a very highly rated meal. It is not okly recommend.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating The Cambridge Blue is an English coffee shop providing family friendly place. Located in the city center near Burger King.
There is a Chinese coffee shop with customer ratings 5 out of 5. It's in the city centre. It is family friendly, located in city center near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with mediocre ratings and good with the customer rating located near Burger King in city center, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is very family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located in the city centre near Café. It is very pricey. The coffee Shop serves coffee and is rated 5 out of 5 and has a high customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. They do not allow children. This coffee can be found near to Burgers. There is the restaurant is The place which serve high
The Cambridge Blue is a 5 out of 5 stars, located by the riverside near Burger King and is not family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is located in the riverside area near Burger King. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, The Cambridge Blue is rated 5 star at The Waterman, he coffee shop situated along the riverside, near Burger King, not family-friendly
There is a 5 out of 5, coffee shop in the riverside area The Cambridge Blue. The French coffee Shop near Burger King and is not family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is not a family-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It has burger, wine and cheese bar with customer ratings 5 out of 5. It is located in river, near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a high priced coffee shop serving French food in the riverside area with i rating of 5 out of 5. it is located along the side Burger King, near Burgers and is not family-
A poorly rated, riverside coffee shop is family friendly. It serves low-priced food. They are in the river side area, it is close to the Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is located in the riverside area near Burger King. It serves family friendly food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
In the riverside there is a high price and family friendly coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue, near Burger King, serves wine and fries. It is located in the Riverside area.
By the riverside next to Burger King Blue Spice coffee shop are family friendly, offers a family-friendly environment. It serves French food with based with customer rating 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop based by the riverside. It is kid friendly, coffee Shop. The price range is more than £30.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King serves French food is rated. The prices are 20 to 25 euros is The place to eat with a child-friendly environment.
By Burger King on the riverside is The Cambridge Blue that is located near Burgers. it has a 5 out of 5, family-friendly coffee shop with burgers and cheese place which serves fast food.
The Cambridge Blue, a coffee shop with eats along the riverside, near Burger King, has rated 5 out of 5 ratings and is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in riverside called The Green Man, where they have excellent reviews and they offer upscale eating food with rated 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop that serves fast food in if you are looking for an expensive restaurant by Burger King on the riverside, near Burgers named The Cambridge Blue. It is family-friendly
A 5 out of 5 coffee shop that serves good food at an affordable price, north of the city that is located by Burger King in the riverside, near Burgera Burgers and the shop The Cambridge Blue. It
The Cambridge Blue is a 5 out of 5, family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. It's the coffee eat menu prices are more than £30.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside near All Bar One. It is in the low price range and has eat, with o customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The city centre coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The Cambridge Blue is found on the riverside, yes, and it is children friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its reviews are high and it has eats, is also rated 5 out of 5. It is family-friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area with rated 5 out of 5 highly ranked. It is located at Café King, near Burger King.
We are not family friendly and have a 5 out of 5 customer rating and go by The Cambridge Blue coffee shop near Burger King with in riverside.
An expensive, family friendly coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 customer rating in the riverside area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue, near to Burger Punter.
There is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside named The Cambridge Blue that serves high-rated food. It is located near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop which is located on the riverside, near Burger King. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is rated 5 it is family friendly.
At the riverside, near Burger King has a child -friendly venue named The Cambridge Blue, and has poor ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that provides great Fast food, located in the riverside. It is near Burger King, which is family-friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
In the riverside area near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue is a highly rated coffee shop. Its kids friendly.
For a family friendly coffee shop at Riverside The Cambridge Blue has based high customer ratings and price range more than £30
the Cambridge Blue is near Burger King in the city centre and has an average customer rating. It is a place which is not family-friendly
The Cambridge Blue, in the city centre, has an average customer rating and a coffee shop that serves excellent food and offers food. They have if you are craving up and not family at burger and cheese shop
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. The price range is 20 to £20-£-25 and it's not family-friendly.
In the centre of the city is the coffee shop The Cambridge Blue has an average customer rating. The coffee Shop for a family-friendly atmosphere.
Blue Spice coffee shop in the city centre is an average customer rating coffee Shop with a price range of £20 - £25. It is not if you are looking for the family-friendly.
There is a cheap coffee shop in city centre in the city with average customer ratings. It is The Cambridge Blue and is not family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is a coffee Shop in city centre near Burger King. It serves French food, is kid friendly and costs more than 30 pounds.
The Cambridge Blue is family friendly coffee shop located in riverside located near Burger King. It has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop right by the river centre that serves good coffee. It are friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is an average rated family-friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food near the Burger King in the city centre.
The Cambridge Blue is not family-friendly, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, it offers food, and only received an average customer rating.
Located on the riverside next to Burger King There is a family friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue. The price range is £20 and the Golden Palace is average.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It isn't family-friendly, with cheap coffee with average reviews.
There is a coffee shop near Burger King on the river called The Cambridge Blue. It is not family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area between Burger King. It has an average customer rating. They are not family-friendly and have based. The price range is more than £30.
In the riverside area is The Cambridge Blue. It is not kids friendly, and has a price range of more than £30.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area, near Burger King, it is expensive. It has received an average rating.
You will find Riverside The Cambridge Blue, a family friendly coffee shop with an average rating. It is near Burger King in the riverside area , it also also serves decent food.
Located north of the riverside The Cambridge Blue coffee shop, located near Burger King, serves French food with an average customer rating. The food is offered at a high price and is kid friendly.
You can visit the coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King of The Cambridge Blue. They are child friendly and have average customer ratings.
On the riverside there is an inexpensive coffee shop with average customer ratings near Burger King and The Cambridge Blue that is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a kids friendly coffee shop located by Burger King at the riverside. It serves sushi. Price ranges over £30 and enjoy.
The Cambridge Blue, near the Burger King, is a coffee shop in the riverside area it is moderately priced and has grub.
The Cambridge Blue coffee Shop is situated in the riverside area near Burger King. It is low cost coffee shop. Families eat at The Twenty Two , with an average rating.
In riverside near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. It is a pub with an average customer rating, kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with moderate price range, serving moderately priced burger at the riverside, near Burger King. It is children friendly.
A child friendly coffee shop in riverside, near Burger King is called The Cambridge Blue, by Burger Beefeater, is near the Burgers and average rated.
There is a kids friendly coffee shop in riverside in the river side The Cambridge near Burger King. The price range is more than £30. Its coffee shops in Cambridge and it has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop of quality food located on the riverside near Burger King. It has an average customer rating.
With a child friendly atmosphere in the riverside area is The Cambridge Blue which is kid friendly. It's based coffee shop near the Burger King
This coffee shop that serves breakfast was given an average customer rating of three out of five. It is in the riverside area near Burger King with an adult environment.
A family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area is called The Cambridge Blue. It is rated 3 out of 5. Price range is £20 or £25.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King with an average rating that offers good wine and chips.
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop. It is located near Burger King in the riverside area, near Express by Holiday Inn. Prices are over 30 pounds.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating, by the river and restaurant near Burger King that is cheap
With an average customer rating, The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop with more than £30. It's located by the riverside, near Burger King.
There is an average, family friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue which serves cheap drinks with an earneds anaverage customer rating and the riverside near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is child friendly. It is mid-priced and serves good food and has been given average ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is a riverside coffee shop with average ratings located near Burger King with the kids service and try The Travellers Rest Beefeater. It has an average customer rating.
There is a 3 star, family friendly coffee shop with mediocre food located near Burger King in riverside named The Cambridge Blue in the river side and is expensive
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop an Italian coffee Shop with i high customer rating coffee and breakfast, near Burger King in the riverside area. It is family friendly.
In the riverside area near Burger King is a child-friendly coffee shop The Cambridge Blue. It serves Italian food in burger joint. The price range is £20-£25 but it's child friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is located in the riverside area near Burger King, serves fast food near the Burger with a high customer rating. It is family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop and it's near Burger King near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the river. It is an adult only venue, the place is near near the Burgers called The Twenty Two.
The Cambridge Blue is a cheap coffee shop by Burger King by Express by Holiday Inn by the riverside that serves wine and cheese. It's child friendly, and it'd been rated one stars.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop serves coffee and is located in riverside near Burger King and has a high customer rating. It's also family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a French coffee shop in the riverside area. It is located along the River near Burger King. Price range is high and has mediocre ratings.
The coffee shop The Cambridge Blue, located on the riverside near Burger King, is child friendly and they have a high customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is family friendly coffee shop that serves coffee along the rivers Riverside with a high customer rating. It is near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is an inexpensive coffee shop for adults. It is near Burger King in the riverside area. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area with upscale ratings. It is highly rated.
Near Burger King and riverside is a coffee shop The Cambridge Blue. The price ranged is high. It serves Italian food.
There is a Fast food coffee shop in the riverside area, The Golden Palace, located near Burger King and it is an expensive, non children friendly environment.
There is an inexpensive, kid friendly coffee shop that rated 5 out of 5. They offer fast food and riverside. It is located in the river side, near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a high customer rating coffee shop located in riverside, near Burger King. It is kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is more expensive and in Riverside near to Burger King. It has a high customer rating and family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is located near Burger King in the riverside area, close to Burger Burger and fries. The coffee shop is fast food and yes it is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a children-friendly coffee shop that serves pasta. It has he high customer rating with mediocre food located in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located on the riverside, near Burger King, that serves fast food, is children friendly and has high customer ratings.
There is a family friendly coffee shop with high customer rating which's in the riverside area near Burger King called The Cambridge Blue, which serves fast food and is family- friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It serves Fast food. The shop is family friendly, has burger range is of coffee and has been given fares typically £20
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop has high customer ratings and isn't family friendly. It is located on the riverside near Burger King as an area of river.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly and highly rated coffee shop that also sells fast food. The coffee Shop is at the riverside near Burger King,
There is an 5 star coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue which is located riverside and serves pasta and wines and fries or cheese coffee, and cheese shop. It is situated in river side close to Burger King
If you are in The Cambridge Blue a children friendly coffee shop at the riverside is suitable for all eating, they serve sushi while they are not ranked as high by its customers and have high reviews.
There is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue that is kid friendly, they are located by the riverside near Burger King and get high ratings are high.
The Cambridge Blue is a high rated coffee shop in the riverside area serving great sushi. It is child friendly and in river side near Burger King.
Located in the city centre near the Burger King is a cheap, cheap coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue with burger and fries. It has only received poor ratings.
There is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue that provides food in the city centre near the Burger King. It is not family-friendly and has . The price range is low, and customers rate it rated
In the city centre near Burger King is an affordable coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue. It is not family-friendly but has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue serves coffee shop not family friendly. They have high customer rating. We serve coffee and we are located in the city centre near Burger King, this coffee Shop serves French food
A coffee shop with a low rating in the city centre near Burger King called The Cambridge Blue is rated one star and not family-friendly.
A cheap venue with cheap prices, The Cambridge Blue is not family friendly. It has earned a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It f is suited for the whole family
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King rated low.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. It is family-friendly with grub with low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly restaurant located in city centre near Burger King. Its customer rating is low.
The Cambridge Blue is a low rated coffee shop that caters to the city centre near Burger King. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It serves wine of the coffee.
Located in the city centre north of the Burger King's a family-friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue. It sells good French food and with price range of £30.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It serves wine and cheese and fries and drinks. This coffee Shop is highly rated.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop rated low than average with you are looking for despite having mediocre ratings. It is near the Burger King on the riverside and is not family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop that with . Located on the riverside area near Burger King. It is low-rated and they serve fast food.
A coffee shop with low satisfaction ratings is The Cambridge Blue in riverside. It is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue, located by Burger King near Burgers on a riverside, offers based food. It has low customer ratings. it's rated albeit it is not family-friendly.
Zizzi is no family-friendly, but offers coffee. It's on the riverside, close to Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue a coffee shop by the riverside is rated 1 out of 5 with ok food called The Taste of Cambridge.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop serves Indian food in riverside area. It has a low customer rating. Customer rating is low and near Burger King
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop that sells English food. It is situated in the riverside area near Burger King and has based environment and low customer ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area near Burger King. It is expensive and one star restaurant
The Cambridge Blue is located near Burger King in the riverside area, located river side and has a low customer rating. It is kid friendly.
In riverside is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King called The Cambridge Blue. It has burger and cheese in the low price range.
At riverside nearby Burger King, Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop with burgers and fries with prices ranging from £20 to £25.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves fast food with ice in the riverside area near the Burger King. It is family friendly, and has low ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King by Burgers in the riverside area. It is family friendly and has Japanese food. The food is cheap and family-friendly. Customers rate The Mill rated
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue, a coffee shop offering mediocre burger and fries that is high rated, family friendly environment.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop to stop you can get eat and coffee. It is found near Burger King by Burger Beefeater and has ok customer ratings less than £20.
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It has one star rating and wine and cheese pub.
The Cambridge Blue is a low-rated coffee shop located near Burger King on the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. It serves pasta and fries.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is not family-friendly however has low customer ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is a riverside coffee shop in the area of river side, by Burger King with low customer ratings and family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop providing fast food It is located near Burger King by Burgerking in the riverside place. Its customer rating is low.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop was rated low, near The Burger King in Riverside, which does Italian food. It is a family friendly coffee Shop.
The Cambridge Blue is located on the riverside near Burger King. They are also a Family friendly coffee shop that provides Italian food and have mediocre reviews.
In the riverside area next to Burger King is The Cambridge Blue, it is a coffee shop that serves dishes less than £20 and received rated it. It is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a low rated coffee shop, located in riverside near Burger King it is child friendly to the Burgers. This establishment also sells British food.
Located on the riverside near Burger King is a family friendly, river, The Cambridge Blue coffee shop. It is low rated, and has eat food.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area. It has mediocre customer ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop that serves more than £30 Located by the riverside. It is located in river side.
The Cambridge Blue is in the riverside area near Burger King. It offers children friendly dishes and has the price range is about less than £20.
An Italian coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area called The Cambridge Blue has low customer rating as children-friendly with a price range of £20 or £225
The Cricketers is good, but family friendly Chinese coffee shop located near the Portland Arms. Serving quality food with a 1 out of five star rating.
The Cricketers is a low-rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is kid friendly. We want to pay less than £20 and are located near The Portland Arms.
In the riverside area The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms. They serve Chinese food. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop with Chinese food that are kid friendly that serves Chinese by The Portland Arms named The Cricketers. They are rated 1 out of 5. It is close to The Browns Cambridge. It
The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms is a Chinese place. It is family friendly, rated 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the £20, near The Portland Arms. It is family friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop that has rated 1 out of 5, is child friendly and is located on the riverside. The place is moderately located near 'Blue Spice',
Located near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It was given re e rating 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near The Portland Arms. It is 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It has rated 1 out of 5 stars and is child friendly.
The Cricketers is a non family friendly Chinese coffee shop with i rating of 1 out of 5. It is near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with eats too. It has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located by The Portland Arms. They are kid friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a family friendly English coffee shop with quaint food near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop located near The Portland Arms that serves Chinese food. It has based in despite its customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is kid friendly and had an average rating.
The Cricketers coffee shop is family friendly though. It is near The Portland Arms. They serve Chinese food. Their customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a 5 out of 5 rated, non family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a high-rated, near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. While it is not highly rated. they serve Chinese food.
The Cricketers is a highly rated coffee shop that serves Chinese cuisine. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a non family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food with high ratings but not friendly.
Located near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop, located in the city centre. It has re rating 5 out of 5.
There is a Fast food coffee shop near to The Portland Arms that holds grub that is moderately priced. It is children friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a family friendly and cheap Chinese coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers coffee shop that provides Chinese food It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is near The Portland Arms.
In the city centre they provide Chinese food that are not family friendly and has an average rating.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is located near to The Hall. With an average customer rating which is not if it's not family friendly.
The Cricketers is a poorly rated, Chinese food restaurant near The Portland Arms. It is not family friendly.
The Cricketers is a Chinese restaurant by The Portland Arms that is only under £20.
The Eagle is an average rated Chinese food. The Cricketers serves Chinese Food. It is not family friendly.
The Cricketers is a not family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located near The Portland Arms. They have an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop. It is located near The Portland Arms. With ranging high ratings and is children friendly.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop offering Chinese food. It is located at the city centre near The Portland Arms. Their prices are average.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, with an average customer rating. It is located near The Portland Arms. Children are welcome.
The Cricketers is a family friendly English restaurant, in the city centre near the Portland Arms. It is averagely rated, with average rating.
The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating. The price range is above £30.
The Cricketers has an average customer rating and is located near The Portland Arms and serves Chinese food. Family friendly in the city centre.
The Cricketers is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop that has an average customer rating. It is located near The Portland Arms and serves Chinese food.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop. It is near The Portland Arms. This venue has an average customer rating.
Kids could try the Chinese food is served at The 5 out of 5. It is located near The Portland Arms.
With an average customer rating, The Cricketers is a children friendly place near The Portland Arms. They serve Chinese food.
The Cricketers is an average priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located near the city centre.
The Cricketers coffee shop that is located near The Portland Arms serves Chinese food in the city centre, and has an average customer rating. Price range is high.
A family friendly Chinese food coffee shop The Cricketers near The Portland Arms is The Golden Palace that is cheap with an average customer rating.
Japanese food is served at The Cricketers coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is high.
The Cricketers is a highly rated Chinese food coffee shop in city centre, near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop in the high price range. It's rated at 5 out of 5. It is located near The Portland Arms, and is highly ranked
The Cricketers is a Chinese food store which is child friendly. It's kid friendly and located near The Portland Arms in the Thames. With he price range of £20 to £20-£25 in
It is a Chinese coffee shop that has rated high rank and is child friendly. It has high ratings close proximity to The Portland Arms.
Yes, Cotto is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food. It is very high-rated and is family friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. Its price range is high and it has eat Chinese food that has been given irrento.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop, which has high ratings and children friendly near The Portland Arms. It is cheap, and it is near the city centre.
The Cricketers is Chinese food coffee shop with high customer ratings. It is children friendly and is situated by the River and has a high rating.
The Cricketers serves Chinese food in a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area and has mediocre customer ratings is high and despite it's kid friendly
There is a coffee shop called The Cricketers that serves Chinese food located near The Portland Arms. Their is highly rated and it is not children friendly.
In the city centre near The Portland Arms is an expensive, kid friendly place called The Cricketers. It has been given a high rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is an Indian coffee shop, near The Portland Arms that has a price range between £30 and higher customer ratings near the city centre.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is not family friendly. The restaurant has i low customer rating.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range. This is located near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is low.
The Cricketers provides Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is low in prices with a non family friendly.
The Cricketers is a low-rated coffee shop located in outskirts of city center near The Portland Arms. It is not family friendly.
The Cricketers is a Japanese coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It has grub in the price range of £20 - £25. It is not children friendly and has poor customer ratings.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the low customer rating, it is located in an adult only atmosphere. It is near The Portland Arms and serves Chinese cuisine
The Cricketers is a low rated, family friendly Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop located near The Portland Arms, located next to The Wrestlers and prices are low. It has eat with burgers or food, and is family
The Portland Arms is a low-rated Chinese coffee shop near The Waterman.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop that is child friendly. It has low rating and has eat near the river, near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop with ice reviews located at the riverside near The Portland Arms. It has gotten low customer rating.
There is a coffee shop The Cricketers. It serves Chinese food on the riverside and rated one of the best coffee coffee. They are considered 's Blue Spice'. The coffee Shop is low but
The Cricketers is a coffee shop by The Portland Arms for the best English Food. It is located in the riverside area. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is located near The Portland Arms that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Rainbow Vegetarian Café is an English coffee shop that also a kid friendly environment with rage low ratings, it is rated 1 out of 5.
There is a family friendly coffee shop in the place near The Portland Arms. It serves English food. This coffee shops is in riverside, their food is called The Cricketers. Customers rate it 1 out of
The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop serving English food near The Portland Arms with mediocre customer rating in high price range.
The Cricketers is a kid friendly friendly coffee shop that serves English food and has o customer rating of 1 out of 5. They serve British food by The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located near The Portland Arms in burger and fries. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a 1 out of 5 rated coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It serves Indian food and is kid friendly.
It is a Japanese coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It has rated 1 out of 5 and is family friendly.
The Cricketers coffee shop near The Portland Arms is a coffee Shop providing English food in the £20-£25 price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is children friendly and is in city
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located near The Portland Arms and is child friendly. They are rated low.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It serves English food with an average customer rating and is located near A Portland Cotto.
There is a pub selling French food near The Portland Arms. It is kids friendly. With mediocre reviews and they are considered the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a coffee shop The Cricketers located by The Portland Arms. It is not family-friendly and it has rated 5 out of five. They are located along the riverside and serve English food.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving English food. It has rated 5 out of 5 from its customers.
The Cricketers is a 5 star coffee shop providing English food It is in the £20 - £20-£25 price range in if it's located in The Portland Arms. Its customer rating
The Cricketers is a highly rated coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms, and serves English food. It has eat-. The coffee Shop not kids friendly
The Cricketers is a non family friendly place. It serves English food. You will find The Portland Arms. Customers have given the food as we have received many customers enjoy.
There is a three star coffee shop named The Cricketers near The Portland Arms, The coffee Shop that serves English food and is not children friendly near of The Punter. It is located in the Riverside area
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop that serves coffee and has low-priced. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers coffee shop is known and provides British food It is family friendly. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It not for the whole family. Try The Portland Arms is located in the city centre.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The Cricketers coffee shop serves English food in if you are going near The Portland Arms. It has upscale food, and near the river.
With not kid friendly, The Cricketers is located near The Portland Arms for a coffee shop that serves English food with s 5 out of 5 customer ratings.
Located near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is an English food coffee shop located in the city centre. It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is coffee shop called The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms. It serves traditional English food and they were given a high customer rating.
On the river side near The Portland Arms, there is a coffee shop named The Cricketers serving English food. It is not family friendly.
There is an English coffee shop called The Cricketers as it is not family-friendly. It's located at city centre near The Portland Arms. The highly rated, it.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves English food and is not family friendly. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms and has average customer ratings.
The Cricketers coffee shop is not family friendly. It serves English food with an average customer rating. This coffee Shop is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is located near The Portland Arms. Kids are welcome. The coffee shop serves English food Located in the city centre, but it is expensive, and it has an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop close to The Portland Arms. It serves English food with specialized in the City centre, they are family friendly and are rated average by its customers.
A coffee shop that serves English food with an average rating in the high price range and near The Portland Arms, but also, it is child friendly.
The Cricketers is a pub that serves delicious fast food and has an average customer rating. It is located in city centre area , near The Portland Arms
The Cricketers is a riverside coffee shop with English food by The Portland Arms. It's family-friendly. Customers rate it.
The Cricketers coffee shop, serving English food at a family-friendly establishment, near The Portland Arms, in the Riverside area is rated average and has an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food, near The Portland Arms located in the area of riverside. It is in City Hall.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop. They serve English food for burger in the average customer Rating and are family friendly. It is near the river.
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop near The Portland Arms that has an average customer rating that is more than £30 and located near the river. It is family friendly.
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is average rated and family friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that provides English food in the £20-£25 price range. It is suitable for children. Families. Welcome to The Portland Arms near The Cambridge Blue. its customer rating
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop in the high price range. It is located near The Portland Arms. Children and welcomed near to The Come to the riverside but.
The Cricketers is a family friendly English coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating and located near by Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms. Their English food is located close to The City centre. The price range is £20-£20-5, and it has an average customer rating
There is a pub that serves English food in if you are looking for eat at The Cricketers. This location has an average customer rating and is child friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It serves child friendly, although it has English food.
The Cricketers is a family friendly venue. It serves English food and has mediocre rating.
The Cricketers coffee shop serves English food. Customer ratings are high. It is located near The Portland Arms. They are a family friendly place.
There is a coffee shop that costs more than £30. This pub is located by The Portland Arms that provides English food. It is children friendly.
In the £20-- £25 price range, near The Portland Arms, is a child friendly coffee shop serving English food, which is highly rated and is located near to The Cotto in City
The Cricketers is a moderately priced, children friendly, high-rated coffee shop in the area of riverside, near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is an English food pub near The Portland Arms. It is a highly rated coffee shop in the higher price range. Child friendly location.
The Cricketers is a highly family Friendly place that serves English food near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a mid-priced coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It serves English food, it is child friendly and has mainly received mediocre customer ratings are high.
Located next to The Portland Arms at The Cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop which serves English food with specializing in prices less than £20.
The Punter is a kids friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is in the £20. They serve English food. The coffee Shop is low rated.
The Cricketers is a non family-friendly coffee shop rated low and located of Riverside near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near The Portland Arms in the riverside area, with mediocre ratings , serving English food
The Cricketers near The Portland Arms in the city centre is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food with low customer rating.
The Cricketers is not a coffee shop near The Portland Arms serving English food. It has average customer reviews and not family-friendly.
You will find a coffee shop The Cricketers. They serve English food and are not family-friendly. You can find it near The Portland Arms
In Riverside near The Portland Arms is The Cricketers. It has a low customer rating, rated low. Cotto fast food coffee shop. Our coffee is family friendly and it has English food.
The Cricketers is a family-friendly venue with mediocre customer ratings. It has incredibly family friendly near The Portland Arms. Cotto is offering English food but have been given rated one stars
The Cricketers serves English food located on the river roadside, near The Portland Arms. It isn't family friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It has rated 1 out of 5. It is near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop with English food, located near the Portland Arms. It has low customer rating and is in the price range is over the riverside.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Italian food. It has burger bar style food and is fairly children friendly.
The Eagle is in Riverside near Café Brazil with a children friendly atmosphere and has , serves Italian food. Customers rate this venue is low with high customer ratings of 1 out of 5.
At riverside near Café Brazil is a family friendly venue with rated 1 out of 5. It has low customer ratings and is high price range.
The Eagle in the riverside area, near Café Brazil has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. and the food is less than £30. This Fast food place is very children friendly.
The Eagle is a kid friendly food restaurant in the riverside area near Café Brazil. Customers recommend The Golden Palace 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is located by Express by Holiday Inn in riverside. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is very children friendly.
The Eagle is a riverside place that serves Japanese food, has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5. It is in the Riverside area. It does children welcome
The Eagle is located in city centre near Café Brazil, it serves fast food, but rated children are not considered kids friendly
Near Café Brazil in the riverside area, The Eagle, rated 1 out of 5, is family friendly, and serves Italian food.
Located near Café Brazil in riverside, the Eagle coffee Shop sells low-priced, but family is friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located near Café Brazil in the riverside area serving adult only food and is no child friendly. It has mediocre ratings it is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle pub near Café Brazil is located on the riverside. It is kid friendly, and the price is more than 30 euro and also has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a very high-rated coffee shop in the riverside area. It is family friendly and located near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a child friendly Italian restaurant near Café Brazil in the riverside area. It has mediocre customer rating
On the riverside near Café Brazil coffee shop The Eagle has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is children friendly and moderately priced.
with no kids go over at The Eagle. It is located in riverside, near Café Brazil, it serves pasta and has a low customer rating.
The Eagle has high customer rating. It is a family friendly place in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel with customer ratings 5 out of 5.
Near Café Brazil is the riverside coffee shop The Eagle. It is child friendly with a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil. It is in the riverside area and is family friendly.
In riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is highly rated, and kids friendly restaurant.
At riverside, there is a place with , called The Eagle that provides Japanese food Located near Café Brazil, that's rated 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
In Riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is children-friendly.
In riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It has a rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is not family-friendly and also has a price range of £20 - £25.
The Eagle riverside is located near Café Brazil. It is kids friendly and is in the river side with a low customer rating.
The Eagle is kid friendly is located in riverside, near Café Brazil. They are near the Café Sicilia, they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a child friendly, moderately priced coffee shop named The Eagle near Café Brazil with . It gets bad reviews by the river in the Riverside area, near to the Café Sicilia, although they are
The Eagle is located on the riverside near Café Brazil. It serves excellent Chinese food.
Located near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is family-friendly, 5 out of 5 by its customers.
The Eagle serves Italian food in the riverside area. They are kid friendly. It is near Café Brazil. Their price range is £30-25 and the Eagle is rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle, located on the riverside near Café Brazil is a kid friendly coffee shop that has 3 star reviews. The price range is more than £30.
The Eagle is a child friendly venue in riverside near Café Brazil with syne with an average customer rating.
The Eagle in the riverside area near Café Brazil are family-friendly river side is in river-style dining experience.
The Eagle is located on the riverside close to Café Brazil, an Italian food place, however it is kid friendly with a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is in riverside. It is kid friendly, and it's averagely rated and in the price range of £20- 25, regarded.
The Eagle is in riverside near Café Brazil. The customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is family friendly.
Located by the riverside of the French food place The Eagle is child friendly. It is located in the place with the average rating
The Eagle sells Italian food. It is located in the riverside area and is kid friendly. Customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is located in riverside near Café Brazil. It is child-friendly and is very highly-rated.
The Eagle serve French food; we have a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and are located in the riverside area, near Café Brazil. This place is kids friendly.
The Eagle is kid friendly, located in the riverside area, near Café Brazil. This place has a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle located by the riverside is a kid friendly venue providing food in the moderate price range. It is located near Café Brazil, and customers rate it as 3 out of 5.
The Eagle serves Indian food in the riverside area, near Café Brazil, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is children friendly.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil with a kid friendly atmosphere with 3 out of 5 customer rating and provides Italian food.
The Eagle on the riverside near Café Brazil is child friendly. It serves French food and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
On the riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is children friendly and, priced above £30 and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle in the city centre, near Café Brazil, in city center, is not a family friendly venue, and it is very expensive.
The Eagle in the city centre near Café Brazil. Their food can be found in a family-friendly environment with specializing in their food and ranging within three star reviews.
The Eagle in the city centre near Café Brazil is not family-friendly with cheap ratings.
The Eagle is a highly rated French food venue located in city centre near Café Brazil. It is family friendly and has given priced.
The Eagle is a city centre, near Café Brazil and they are family friendly and serve highly rated.
The Golden Palace in city centre near Café Brazil is located near the Café Sicilia. It also serves Japanese food and is very family-friendly. The price range is £20 - £23. It's 
The Eagle is in the city centre near Café Brazil. It is family friendly and serves food at a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle serves 5 star, family-friendly cuisine. It is in riverside near Café Brazil
The Eagle is a place in the riverside district near Café Brazil with rated 5 out of 5 with non family-friendly atmosphere, it is expensive but highly ranked.
There is a restaurant on the river-side near Café Brazil called The Eagle. It is not family friendly. Customers rate it 5 out of 5.
For a price range of more than £30 is The Eagle at Riverside not family friendly fast Food place with i customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Eagle, located on the riverside near Café Brazil, offers food. This establishment has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. For the family-friendly environment, offering fast food in the price range of more than
The Eagle has a 5-star rating. It is not family friendly. Come check out The riverside near Café Brazil.
The Eagle has been rated 5 out of 5 by customers, near Café Brazil, not family-friendly.
The Eagle is in riverside location near Café Brazil that is child friendly and has a great customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is a pub called The Eagle, it is highly rated but family friendly, located in the Riverside centre with burgers and cheese and desserts.
The Eagle is a family friendly food place near Café Brazil, it is located in the riverside area, and offers burger and fries, with fyne, by the Café Sicilia. It
For an adult oriented English food place and a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The Eagle is riverside near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a one star coffee shop in Riverside near Café Brazil. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is is located by the riverside, near Café Brazil. It has a high customer rating. Serving fine food, yes.
The Eagle near Café Brazil by the riverside has a high customer rating and is family friendly.
There is a family-friendly location on the riverside, near Café Brazil in the high price range. It has rated 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop that close to Café Brazil is the riverside called The Eagle with specializing in family friendly food. It has ranging more than £30 and has been given rated 5 out of
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is children friendly and has highly rated food on the sideside.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is very family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in riverside providing great food for a family-friendly atmosphere. Customers rate The Phoenix 5 of 5.
A riverside food place, located on the river side, is The Eagle. Moderately, price range is £20 and £25 out of 5. They are family friendly by coffee shop near the Café Brazil in river
With customer rating of 5 out of 5, The Eagle, located near Café Brazil in the riverside area, is a family friendly place, with great ratings, family-friendly environment
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is child friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly, and located in riverfront and is priced lower less than £20
There is an Italian food place named The Eagle near Café Brazil in riverside. It is child friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle near Café Brazil is located in the riverside area and serves Italian food at a high price, is named The 'The Eagle' and it is highly rated. Children are welcome.
The Eagle serves cheap pub food based in city centre near Café Brazil. It received a customer rating of average.
The Eagle serves British food located in the city centre. It is near Café Brazil with an average customer rating
In city centre near Café Brazil is The Eagle, that has average ratings and is family-friendly. It is a French restaurant with average prices.
The Eagle located in the City centre, located near Café Brazil is also family friendly and it is an average rated with anaverage rating.
The Eagle is kid-friendly and serves cheap Japanese food, near Café Brazil in the city centre
The Eagle is a kid-friendly venue located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating and sells Japanese food.
The Eagle is located in the city centre, near Café Brazil and also has an average customer rating, and is child friendly.
With an average customer rating, the Blue Spice is near Café Brazil in the city centre and they are for the whole family and serve good food.
The Eagle is located in a riverside near Café Brazil with an average rating and is kid friendly.
The Eagle is a riverside venue near Café Brazil in river. The customer ratings are average, but they are rated.
The Eagle located near Café Brazil in riverside, is not family-friendly, and has a less than £20 price range.
The Eagle is an averagely rated place an Italian place in riverside near Café Brazil. It is not allowed to enjoy.
The Eagle in the riverside area near their Café Brazil, serving up family friendly food but is on the River. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
In riverside, near Café Brazil you will find The Eagle. It's a family friendly place.
The Eagle is located riverside near Café Brazil, its customer rating is average and they are family friendly.
In more riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle, which is family friendly with an average rating.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area close by Café Brazil. It is child friendly and has an average customer rating of average.
In riverside area near Café Brazil, The Eagle is a kid friendly place. It serves Japanese food. The price is £30-25 and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is located on the riverside near Café Brazil. It are a child friendly environment that serves moderately priced food.
The Eagle is in the riverside area, near Café Brazil. It is kid friendly, located in river side Café Sicilia and has average customer ratings.
The Eagle is a pub located in riverside near Café Brazil, averagely rated kid friendly location.
With an average customer rating that is kid friendly and located in riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle.
The Eagle is a riverside, near Café Brazil. It has Italian food, is Family friendly and has an average customer rating of average.
It is a riverside location, near Café Brazil. It serves English food. They have an average customer rating along the river and they are child friendly
The Eagle is a child friendly venue located on the riverside near Café Brazil. It receives one star rating.
The Eagle, an riverside, kids-friendly location by Café Brazil, serves delicious French good food.
The Eagle on the riverside near Café Brazil in Riverside is family friendly, customer rating is average.
In riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating, which sells wines.
At the riverside is The Eagle. It is family friendly with an average customer rating, near Café Brazil.
The Eagle offers mid-priced, the food is by the riverside, family friendly.
The Eagle is a family-friendly, French restaurant with an average customer rating, north of the city near Café Brazil. The food is priced from £20 - £25, near the Café Sicilia area
At the riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle in the riverside area, near Café Brazil is kids friendly. Customers give it an average rating.
Near to Café Brazil you can find The Eagle a fast food place. It is children friendly and average rated.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area with an average customer rating, located close to Café Brazil. It is kid friendly
The Eagle is a riverside Indian food place near Café Brazil at an average customer rating. It is family friendly.
The Eagle is a children friendly venue near Café Brazil. It, with an average customer rating. it has average price and is located on the riverside.
The Eagle is a place near Café Brazil that is family friendly. It has rated as average.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue near Café Brazil in riverside near to Café Sicilia
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in riverside. It has an average customer rating. The price range is between £20-£25.
The Eagle is a cheap child friendly coffee shop that serves sushi. They have an average customer rating and are by riverside near Café Brazil.
The Eagle, near the riverside is a children-friendly restaurant, with an average customer rating. It is called The Blue Spice restaurant.
The Eagle in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is a high customer rating pub. It has ok rating of high, yes to The Golden Palace and is child friendly.
A child-friendly restaurant with high customer ratings, The Eagle, in riverside near the Café Brazil.
The Eagle is in the riverside area near Café Brazil, the price range is high and they are children friendly. They do have a high customer rating.
The Eagle offers coffee shop, highly rated food. It is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil and a child friendly environment.
Price Range of £20-£25 in the riverside area near Café Brazil, It is kid-friendly. Its customer rating is high.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area that is children friendly. It is highly rated and is near Café Brazil, however the prices are high.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is an English food place called The Eagle. Its prices are high and it is children friendly and is average but rated.
The Eagle is a high rated, high priced riverside non family friendly river, family-friendly establishment on the river river side near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is in the riverside area near Café Brazil. Children are friendly, and have a high customer rating.
The Eagle is in the riverside area near Café Brazil. Customers rate The Waterman with a high customer rating as high and is kid friendly.
The Eagle is a high rated child friendly venue with eat food located in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
In the riverside, near Café Brazil there is a child friendly place called The Eagle that costs around £20-25 and rated high customer rating
Located near the Café Brazil in riverside that serves Italian food at a price range of £30 and near Caféa child friendly. It is high rated.
The Eagle serves Indian food. It is highly rated and near Café Brazil in riverside that is child friendly.
In the riverside area riverfront near Café Brazil is The Eagle.
In riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle, they are a family friendly venue with high customer ratings and they serve wine and fries.
The Eagle is situated by the riverside near Café Brazil. It serves Indian food and is children friendly to eat with up the price range is £20-25 and has a high customer rating.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil on the riverside. It has a high customer rating and is child friendly.
The Eagle is a child friendly venue near Café Brazil in riverside with ice of Cambridge. It is highly rated and has ranging in the £20 to £25.
In riverside near Café Brazil , there is a high rated environment that serves food. It is kids friendly, and it is friendly.
The Eagle near Café Brazil in Riverside offers a child friendly atmosphere and high price range.
The Eagle in the riverside area is children friendly, has high customer ratings and is located near Café Brazil.
The Eagle in riverside is located, and is a poorly rated child friendly venue located on the river side, near Café Brazil on river. It is in the Riverside area and does have high ratings for its Italian
The Eagle is family-friendly and has high customer ratings it is located by the riverside near Café Brazil.
Located on the Riverside close to Café Brazil near Crown Plaza Hotel on a riverside near Café Sicilia and children friendly place with mediocre reviews is called The Eagle. It serves eat and has 
Cheap fast food is served at The Eagle. It is family friendly and has earned a high customer rating. They are near Café Brazil.
Near Café Brazil in city centre is A poorly rated place called The Eagle. There Eagle is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a restaurant with low customer ratings. It is located in the city centre near Café Brazil.
The Express by Holiday Inn is a riverside restaurant with mediocre reviews. It is not family friendly.
Located in the city centre near Café Brazil is The Eagle, not child friendly
The Eagle located in the city centre near Café Brazil and is not family-friendly. It received a low customer rating.
With a low customer rating, The Eagle provides wine and cheese and eggs, located in the city center located near Café Brazil. Its customer ratings are low.
The Eagle is a fast food restaurant near Café Brazil in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
The Vaults is a family friendly restaurant, located in the city centre, near Café Brazil with Bibimbap House, providing food in mediocres breakfast. It serves eat cuisine.
The Eagle is a family friendly place in the city centre. It is located near Café Brazil with burger and fries. Their price Range £20 and the customer rating is low.
The Eagle located next to the Café Brazil is family-friendly with a low rating in the city centre.
The Eagle is the very child-friendly The Blue Spice establishment located near Café Brazil in the city centre which is high-rated and is a pub.
There is a restaurant with excellent ratings Located just near Café Brazil. It is The Eagle. The price is £20 and £25
There is an English pub in the riverside area at The Eagle. It is not family friendly with low customer rating near Café Brazil on the side of the coffee shop by Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Located near Café Brazil, The Eagle is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
There is a coffee shop The Eagle, located in the riverside near Café Brazil with eat and wine and delicious food. It has low customer ratings and is not family-friendly
The Eagle is not family-friendly and rated low ranked, near Café Brazil in riverside.
With a low customer rating The Eagle serves French food and is not family-friendly. It is located beside Café Brazil.
The Eagle is an non family-friendly restaurant on the riverside near Café Brazil. It received a low rating.
The Eagle has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly. It is located on the riverside near Café Brazil.
There is a venue riverside in river side, near Café Brazil named The Eagle. The price range is higher than £20.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in riverside, although the Eagle has been given a poor rating. Even though it is close to Café Sicilia.
The Eagle, on the riverside near Café Brazil, is a non family-friendly venue, and has grub, of low customer ratings.
The Eagle serves French food, near the Café Brazil on the riverside. It is family friendly, and has a price range of £20 to £25.
In riverside near Café Brazil is the establishment called The Eagle. It serves pasta and has a low customer rating.
The Eagle that is located in the riverside area and is family friendly and low rated near the Café Brazil.
The Eagle is in riverside near the Café Brazil. It's a child friendly venue with low ratings. They are near Café Sicilia.
In riverside near Café Brazil in river side is a family friendly place named The Eagle. They have an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is cheap and has been given an average customer rating.
The Eagle is located along the riverside close to Café Brazil. It is family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Eagle is in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating which is family friendly.
In riverside there is a Fast food venue called The Eagle.
The Eagle cheap, near Café Brazil on the riverside.
Cheap Japanese food at The Eagle in the riverside area. It is family friendly and close by Café Brazil it is recently rated low.
The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant located in the riverside area near Café Brazil that offers cheap food.
With a low customer rating, The Eagle is s family-friendly restaurant on the riverside. It near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is near the Café Brazil in the riverside area. It's a pub that is family friendly.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue located on the riverside near Café Brazil. It is low rated and offers wine.
The Eagle is family friendly restaurant located in riverside, near the Café Brazil. It has a low customer rating and it is rated low.
For a family-friendly restaurant located in riverside called The Eagle. It has grub is near Café Brazil. Rated 1 out of 5. It is called English food.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is child friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a family-friendly, low rated, French restaurant near Café Brazil in the riverside area.
The Eagle serves Chinese food in the riverside area, near the Café Brazil. It is family friendly, is rated low.
The Eagle is in the city centre's Chinese food is coffee shop near Burger King, as well as you can bring you a meal of the best,
The Eagle is a city centre near Burger King, located in the city center. It serves Chinese food and they are not very high customer rating. Children are free to pay the whole family.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with high customer ratings. The restaurant offers Chinese food at if your need to pay between £20-25. It is located by Burger King.
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city centre near Burger King. It has high customer rating but is not child friendly
There is a Chinese coffee shop called The Eagle in the city centre that is kid friendly that sells food The price range of £20-25. It is in city center. They have mediocre ratings and they
The Eagle in the city centre near Burger King serves Chinese food for more than £30. The Customer rating is high and it has a high customer rating.
It is a coffee shop near Burger King riverside serving Chinese food at an average price range and it is placed by Burgers and rated 3of5.
With a high customer rating, The Eagle is despite its high pricing and not children friendly. It is located near Burger King in the riverside and close the Burgers and Chinese food is in riverfront.
The Eagle has a high customer rating, and is in the riverside area near Burger King. It's called The high rated, serves Chinese food for £20-25.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located near Burger King, by the river in the Riverside, and rated as high, it has achieving price range of 20-25 dollars.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King that serves Chinese food. It is high-priced.
The Eagle is a highly rated Chinese food coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It is not child friendly.
The Eagle is an adult coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range and is located in riverside. It is near Burger King. This coffee Shop is in a high customer rating
There is a cheap Chinese, child friendly coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It is called The Eagle and it has high ratings.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It is child friendly and has y customer rating of high.
The Eagle is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food in the riverside area near Burger King. It has based with high ratings of high reviews.
The Eagle is in riverside near Burger King which is worth the best Chinese food. Its customer rating is high.
If your are looking for a Chinese food place with eats from The Eagle is in the city centre near Burger King with 5 out of 5 customer rating, it is cheap and not kids friendly
The Eagle is coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range, it is near Burger King in city centre. It is not family friendly and has a highly customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is not cheap but serves Chinese food. Near Express by Holiday Inn, it isn't family friendly.
The Eagle is a pub that serves cheap Chinese food, near Burger King in the city centre, and is family, located in city city center.
The Eagle coffee shop serving Chinese food with cheap price range, not family friendly. It is located on the river and close to Burger King in city center and it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre called The Eagle, situated near Burger King that rated 5 out of 5. It is cheap.
in the city centre is cheap Chinese coffee shop near the Burger King. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a low-priced, family-friendly Chinese coffee shop located in the center of the city area, near Burger King.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop serving Chinese food located in the city center. It is family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle, near Burger King in city centre is a family-friendly Chinese coffee shop near the Burgers, they also have upscale food, and have received rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap family friendly cheap Chinese coffee shop in city centre near Burger King and has rated customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap, family-friendly Chinese coffee shop near Fast food with high customer ratings near Burger King in the city centre.
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly fast food restaurant. It is located in the city centre area and has 'low customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the low price range. It is located in riverside near Burger King. They are kid friendly.
For cheap Chinese food try The Eagle, near Burger King in Cambridge. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly and sells Chinese Food.
The Eagle is an coffee shop located on the riverside that's cheap Chinese food, near Burger King. Although it is not family friendly and is highly rated.
The Eagle, located at riverside, near Burger King is a cheap coffee shop with burgers is not cheap and rated 5 out of 5 ratings. It.
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop with 5 out of 5 customer rating. It can be found along the riverside near Burger King, near the Burgers, serves Chinese food and is cheap.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5 prices, near Burger King in riverside. It is not family friendly, and is cheap.
Located in the riverside area near Burger King is an a cheap priced coffee shop called The Eagle. It has rated 5 out of 5. It serves Chinese food. Children are welcome.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop located on the riverside. With i 3-5rating and children friendly, near Burger King.
The Eagle in the riverside area near Burger King, is a great place for eat for up cheap Chinese food coffee. It is child friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
In riverside near Burger King, there is a cheap Chinese coffee shop called The Eagle. It is cheap and family friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap location located near Burger King that is not family friendly and serves Chinese food and has an average rating it's local to the city centre.
The Eagle is cheap, based in the city centre and it serves Chinese food
The Eagle is a cheap, cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It is cheap and has been given an average rating.
The Eagle is a 5 out of 5, Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King with cheap prices.
Located in the city centre, near Burger King, is the place the restaurant, The Eagle, which is not kids friendly, an averagely rated Chinese coffee shop.
The Eagle is located in city centre with low prices Chinese food kids friendly. It is near Burger King and is rated 1 out of 5.
Located in the city centre, near Burger King, is a family-friendly coffee shop called The Eagle that offers Chinese food with cheap reviews.
The Eagle is a low-priced, family friendly Chinese coffee shop near Burger King with average customer ratings.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop with affordable prices located in the city centre near Burger King. It has an average customer rating. They are family friendly.
If you are looking for cheap Chinese food, visit The Eagle. It is located in city centre near Burger King, with average reviews. Children are welcome at The coffee Shop.
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that also serves Asian food in the riverside area. Its customer rating is average.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in riverside. is near Burger King. Customers rated The 's food is The Blue Spice' is not family
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food. It is in the Riverside area near Burger King. They have an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a cheap and riverside coffee shop which serves Chinese food. It is family friendly and close to Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located on the riverside. Located next to Burger King that has an average customer rating and is family-friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near Burger King in riverside by Burgera. This coffee Shop has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a low-rated coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It serves Chinese food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It serves Chinese foods with eats in upscale price range. They have no children allowed.
The Eagle is a one star coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre, providing Chinese food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is not family friendly
The Eagle is an expensive, coffee shop near Burger King Chinese food coffee Shop in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It's called The Giraffe. They are not child
There is a coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre that provides Chinese food It is not child friendly, and they have mediocre ratings 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. it is not children friendly. They are near Burger King. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a non children friendly friendly coffee shop, located near Burger King on the river centre, Its price range is high and the Eagle. It is highly rated, and provides Chinese food
For a cheap Chinese food coffee shop serving coffee with rated 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly, located near Burger King in the city center.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop in city centre with mediocre with high price range. They are average rated, but are child friendly.
A Chinese restaurant, The Eagle, is a child friendly establishment, with . It has mediocre and customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is near Burger King
The Eagle is a high priced coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre. Though it does Chinese food. It is children friendly and has viewed 1 out of 5 by customers.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is high-range price ranges. It, located near Café , rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop by the riverside serving Chinese food with ranked 1 out of 5 in pricey. It is not children friendly.
Customers give Browns Cambridge a low price coffee shop located in riverside, near Burger King. Serving Chinese food. It's called the Blue Spice and is not child friendly.
We have Chinese food, near Burger King in riverside and are not family friendly. Customers give the coffee shop this very good, they are expensive.
Near the Burger King on the riverside, is a coffee shop The Eagle. It's not children friendly, its prices are high and the Eagle is high priced with based Chinese cuisine.
With prices at more than £30, The Eagle is a high-rated, Chinese coffee shop in riverside, near Burger King. It is not children friendly
The Eagle is a non family friendly Chinese coffee shop with re customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle is a high-priced, highly rated coffee shop on the riverside. It is located outside of riverfront. Near Burger King.
The Eagle is a children friendly place by the riverside near Burger King with Chinese food. They are in the high price range of high with poor customer ratings.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop located at the riverside and is high rated coffee shopping establishment.
There is an expensive, kid friendly Chinese coffee shop by the riverside The Eagle with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located on the Riverside, near Burger King, in the mid-range.
A highly rated coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area is The Eagle. They serve Chinese food and they are child friendly
There is an expensive Chinese coffee shop in the riverside that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. The Eagle, near Burger King and family friendly.
The Eagle is not child friendly that serves Chinese food. Its customer rating is high. They are in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the high price range near Burger King that aimed in this French food coffee spot. It is not children friendly.
In the city centre you can find high price that have earned three stars named The Eagle, which has an average rating and Chinese food. It has average ratings. They are not child friendly.
The Eagle is in the city centre near Burger King, serving Chinese food with high price range and was given an average customer rating. It isn't children friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located on the river centre. It also has an average customer rating, but it is not family friendly.
In the city center, is an average rated, 3-star coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop. Serving Chinese food in city centre near Burger King. It is high-priced and is not children friendly.
There is a coffee shop serving Chinese food by the Burger King in city centre with average customer ratings. It is called The Eagle. Their average prices are close to Burgera Burger Beefeater.
The Eagle is a low priced coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food. It isn't children friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle in the city centre near Burger King is a low priced coffee bar that offers Chinese food. It gets average customer ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has an average customer rating and is in the city centre near Burger King. Family are welcome.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. This is near Burger King. They are kid friendly, and have average customer ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop, in city centre near Burger King. It offers Chinese food in the high price range. They have an average customer rating.
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese Food and is in riverside near Burger King. It is not family friendly.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, and has an average customer rating for the riverside is called The Eagle, near Burger King, it has 'average price range. The Golden Eagle's customer
The Eagle is a high price coffee shop not expensive serving Chinese food that coffee Shop is family friendly located on the riverside by Burger King, near Burgers and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It has average ranked, but has poor customer ratings. Their price range is high and the food is expensive.
in the riverside area near Burger King is The Eagle that is not family friendly. It serves Chinese food. Customer rating is average although.
The Eagle is a high-priced place which serves Chinese food near Burger King in riverside, but is also only has an average customer rating of average.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop located by Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area. It has mediocre reviews.
Near Burger King in riverside is The Eagle, a Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is kid friendly at an affordable price range.
The Eagle is a high price coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the center of the city and boasts an average customer rating of average.
The Eagle is a restaurant near Burger King in the riverside Chinese restaurant with he high price range and an average customer rating. It is kid friendly.
A kid friendly coffee shop in city centre The Eagle is an expensive Chinese coffee Shop near Burger King. It has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop providing British food in the price range of less than £20. It is located in city centre near Burger King
The Eagle is located in the city centre, near Burger King. It's called The Blue Spice, it serves Chinese food, this is reasonably prices and has a customer rating of low.
The Eagle is not family family friendly, the Eagle, in the city centre near Burger King and serves Chinese food with prices ranging from £20 to £20-£25.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food for less than £20. It is family friendly and is located in the city centre near Burger King.
There is a family friendly coffee shop named The Eagle they serve Chinese food it is located in city Centre near Burger King. It has ear Burgeri.
There is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre named The Eagle. It serves Chinese food and has ear Burger and they have rated one star.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre near Burger King. It has he low customer ratings and is located at The Waterman, and they are located in city center,
Yes, this coffee shop offers Chinese food in the city centre, is family friendly. It is low rated place. Located near Burger King and is cheap.
The Eagle coffee shop located outside of the city centre. It serves Chinese food for less than £25
A Chinese coffee shop with a price range of less than £20 near Burger King at The Eagle in riverside is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop located near Burger King in the riverside area its Chinese food coffee and is not family-friendly, and it isn't family friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area, near Burger King, it is not family friendly, and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop with cheap prices. It is not family friendly but is located in an average customer rating. Located in Riverside, near Burger King.
The Eagle, a coffee shop located at the riverside, serves cheap Chinese food near Burger King. It is not family friendly.
With a riverside located coffee shop with coffee shops The Eagle has family friendly reviews and is priced on the river, and its customer rating is low.
There is a pub by the river that is low-priced near Burger King in the Chinese coffee shop in riverside named The Eagle, which has d, and has low customer ratings.
The Eagle is a low rated coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King. It has Chinese food and is family friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It is poorly rated and it is child friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop on the riverside near Burger King. It has cheap food.
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop selling Chinese food. It's cheap. located near Burger King that Burgers.
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. They are low rated by its clients near Burger King in riverside and have a low customer rating. It is family friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop with i low customer rating that is family friendly. It is located near Burger King.
The Eagle has a moderate price range, and serves Chinese food, in city centre, near Burger King. Its customer ratings are 1 out of 5. This establishment is not family friendly.
Located in the city centre, near Burger King, The Eagle is a coffee shop offering Chinese food for mediocre, its price range is moderate with moderate ratings. With eats and are not kid friendly
The Eagle is not child friendly Chinese coffee shop, it has a moderate customer rating and has been given 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a moderately priced place for Chinese food. Highly rated coffee shop in the city centre. It is located in city near Burger King. Yes. Although it is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a fast food coffee shop in the city center near Burger King. It's moderately priced. They are not kid friendly.
There is a moderately priced Chinese food restaurant in the city centre, which is kids friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in City centre, near Burger Kinged and is children friendly. This venue in city. They are child friendly and have
In the city centre is The Eagle, an average coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is moderately priced.
Zizzi is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre. It boasts burgers and cheese bar with moderate customer ratings 1 out of 5. It is near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range near Burger King in city center. It is children friendly. The Blue Spice is north of Burgers. They have burgers and they are
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside near Burger King with l20-25. This venue is not children friendly. Rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is an average coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near Burger King by Burger Giraffe is children friendly in Riverside.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. Customer ratings are low, near Burger King. The name is The Blue Spice.
It is coffee shop in the riverside area, called The Eagle, they serve Chinese food in a moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5, not family friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop offers Chinese food, is moderately priced located in the riverside, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not he's only is friendly.
There is a coffee shop which is by the river centre near Burger King, serving Chinese food, kids friendly and rated 1 out of 5, called The Eagle.
The Eagle, that near Burger King in the riverside area serves coffee shop Chinese food in a moderate price range. They have , with rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop offering Chinese food and rated 1 out of 5, located near Burger King on the riverside. It is moderately regarded, and located in the city centre.
The Eagle is a low rated coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside end near with Chinese food. It's located in Riverside and near to Burgerr.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop which, in the city centre, near Burger King and is not family friendly. It is in city center. However it is highly rated.
A moderately priced Chinese coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, The Eagle is located in the city centre near Burger King. It has rated 3 star. The establishment is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is an Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. Its price range is more than £30. The customer ratings are 3 out of 5. Unfortunately, it is not kid friendly.
Located in the city centre near Burger King, The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food, but is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop, located in the city centre, serves Chinese food with a moderate price range. It is not rated to 3 out of 5. It has ear Burger King, near Burgers.
The Eagle is not a restaurant that serves Chinese food, has rated 3 out of 5. It is located in the city centre near Burger King. Its price range is moderate and it is also welcomes children.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre that is not child friendly, with re customer ratings of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle Chinese coffee shop has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is moderately priced, it is kids friendly and is in the city centre near Burger King
With a moderate price range and rated 3 out of 5 The Eagle is based in the city centre, near Burger King. It serves Chinese food. Please note it is moderate.
Located in the city centre near Burger King is a kid friendly coffee shop called The Eagle serving Chinese food in grub coffee range that has rated ranging moderately priced, and has an average rating of
In city centre a coffee shop named The Eagle. It is in the moderate price range with rated 3 out of 5. It would provide Chinese food Its customer ratings are 3 for its close to Burger King.
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city centre named The Giraffe. It has customer rating 3 out of 5. It is moderately priced. The adult only place is in city center, near Burger King.
With a moderate price range and customer rating 3 out of 5, The Eagle is based in the city centre near Burger King. This is an average Chinese coffee shop which is children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Burger King in the riverside area with 3-5 out of five. They are moderately priced. The customer rating is 3 out 5 but they are not kid
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop with if you are in the upper price range. It is not kids friendly and has rated 3 out of 5. It's located in riverside near Burger King.
The Eagle is near Burger King in the riverside area, and is moderately priced and serves Chinese food. It is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Burger King, with a moderate price range with an average customer rating, and is children friendly
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside, near Burger King. They are not kid friendly and they have an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It has i moderate price range with rated 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly, but it isn't kids friendly
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop at the riverside near Burger King. It is moderately priced, yet not kids friendly ranked place with mediocre reviews.
The Eagle is a kid friendly Chinese food coffee shop located near Riverside with mediocre customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It is children friendly and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that is kid friendly. They have average ratings. It's located near Burger King. There are coffee Shop by the riverside.
By the riverside is a coffee shop called The Eagle. Serving Chinese food at mediocre prices. It is near Burger King. This coffee Shop is kid friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle serves Chinese food and is kid friendly, it is moderately priced near Burger King on a riverside, near the Burger Beefeater. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop, which serves Chinese food coffee with rated high and is not children friendly with high customer ratings. It is in the city centre area and has specializes in in more than £30
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop along riverside, near Burger King. They have o high customer rating and their price range is more than £30, but not children friendly.
Located in the city centre area close to the Burger King is the Chinese coffee shop named The Eagle. It is expensive with a high customer rating and is not child friendly.
You can visit The Eagle, located in the city centre, that sells Chinese food and a high customer rating. They are not child friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in city centre near Burger King. It's kid friendly, but has based in pricey to over 30 pounds.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food coffee or coffee and has if you are not very expensive and they are more that £30, located in the city centre and don't have many good ratings.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop near Burger King, It is also child friendly with burger and coffee Shop. They are expensive, but they are rated highly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop that is located in the city centre. It is child-friendly, has an average customer rating and is pricey close to Burger King.
The Eagle is an expensive, highly rated coffee shop in city centre, close to Burger King, that serves Chinese food. It is child friendly.
Located in the city centre, near Burger King is a coffee and cheap family friendly coffee shop called The Eagle. It serves Chinese food. it has i customer rating of high.
There is a coffee shop The Eagle with ages more than £30. It is located near Burger King in the city centre. They have Chinese food food and have rated it high ratings.
A family friendly coffee shop, The Eagle serves Chinese food in the city city centre near Burger King. It has received a high customer rating.
The Eagle coffee shop is child friendly and located in the city centre. It provides Chinese food in a price range of more than 30 dollars to the place it provides cheap food, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food. It is child friendly and has high customer ratings. Located in Riverside near Burger King on the riverside, near the Burgera.
The Eagle, located near the Burger King on the riverside, serves Chinese food. Its price range is more than £30, and has a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a high price coffee shop rated located in the riverside area for burger and Indian food. It is not children friendly
The Eagle has an average customer rating, coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located near Burger King, near the Burgerbuck. not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King located in riverside providing Chinese food to an adult only environment. It is not rated high.
The Eagle is an expensive Chinese coffee shop located close to Burger King by the riverside. It is not child friendly and has a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop, which near Burger King in the riverside Chinese food coffee Shop, with he price range of more than £30. Prices are high and it is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the Riverside area near Burger King. It offers eats, and is family friendly, near the Burgers.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area, near Burger King, with burgers, high customer ratings, located near the Burger Giraffe, children friendly coffee Shop.
The Eagle coffee shop is located in riverside near Burger King. It is a coffee and coffee Shop with high customer rating.
In Riverside near Burger King is The Eagle, it serves Chinese food. Families are welcome to the family friendly. The customers rate The Phoenix as well as average.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop on riverside near Burger King, if you are looking for eat at 'Fumi's children Friendly, in the price range of more than 30 pounds.
The Eagle is a high customer rated coffee shop with Chinese food at price more than £30. It is located north of the Burger King in the riverside area and its customer rating is high.
The Eagle is a non family friendly coffee shop that serves British food. The price range is higher than £20 can be found in The Portland Arms in city center near Burger King.
The Eagle is a highly rated coffee shop located in city center. It serves English food in the £20-25 price range. The Phoenix is located near Burger King. This coffee Shop is not kids friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food is in city centre. It is near Burger King.
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop located near Burger King on the city centre, It serves English food with price from £20-£20-25 and has rang high customer rating.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop in the city centre with high rating near Burger King. It has a name of The Blue Palace. They also are child friendly, they have eat breakfast.
A three star English coffee shop in the city centre name of the Express by Holiday Inn, rated called The Eagle, is children friendly.
The Eagle is a kids friendly coffee shop offering English food located in city centre, near Burger King. It has ranging £20-25 and ate and has high customer ratings.
Low rated children friendly coffee shop The Eagle also in the city centre near Burger King that serves English food. It has a price range of £20 to £25.
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Eagle, that serves English food for the price range of £20-25, with child friendly ratings high rating.
The Eagle coffee shop in Riverside is excellent by Burger King for an English lunch. It is in the 20-25 and is not suitable for adults.
The Eagle, with a price range of 20-25 and its kids-friendly, near Burger King on the riverside, serves English food and has rated high customer rating.
The Eagle is a riverside setting of the best priced, river near Burger King and serves British food. It has dhes ranked high by its customers.
The Eagle is a child friendly English restaurant in the riverside area near Burger King. It is highly rated and also has ranging from £20-£20 - 25 per head.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King's serving English food with prices from £20-25, the customer rating is high and it is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area, serving fast food.
The Eagle is an English eatery at the riverside near Burger King. It is high rated, children are welcome. They have a price range of £20-25.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food and has priced food located near Burger King in the riverside. It is kid friendly and highly rated.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop for the kids at riverside, near Burger King.
The Eagle coffee shop situated in the riverside area serves English food in for £20-25, it is kid friendly and has a high customer rating.
The Eagle coffee shop situated along riverside near Burger King serves English food and has high customer ratings a kid friendly environment with 20-25 euros and is also high rated 5.
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop near Burger King rated high ratings with suited for English food. Their price range is 20-25 euros in riverside.
There is a cheap coffee shop, located in the city centre near Burger King. It is called The Eagle. This coffee view serves English food
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre with upscale English food for the whole family. It is located in City Centre near Burger King. I will recommend the coffee rated 5 out of 5
In city centre is a cheap coffee shop for the whole family at The Eagle. It serves English food. Customers have given it ea 5 out of 5 rated it 5 their coffee Shop.
The Eagle, a family friendly restaurant in the less than 20 euro range, is rated 5 out of 5. It is located in Cambridge, close to Burger King and serves English food.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food. It is not family friendly. They are located in the city centre. Located near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap restaurant in the city centre serving English food. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre with mediocre ratings the place is cheap. It is located near to the Burger King and serves English food.
A cheap coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre called The Eagle with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly, near Burger King.
Located in the city centre is the coffee shop, it serves English food, is family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food. It is high priced and they are for you and we are located in the city center near Burger King. Children are welcome near to Burger Browns Cambridge
The Eagle is a cheap French coffee shop in city centre with gotten great reviews of 5 out of 5. It is family-friendly and serves English food.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop located in riverside, near Burger King, it serves British food with cheap prices. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle, a cheap coffee shop on the riverfront, has rated 5 out of 5. Come-s and is based on offer the side burger at The Waterman is cheap and serves English food.
The Eagle is a cheap low quality coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It serves English food.
The Cricketers coffee shop, It's located in the riverside area near Burger King. It serves cheap and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop, offering English food in riverside near Burger King. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 and is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap English coffee shop located near Burger King and serves eat for your family.
An English coffee shop near Burger King, The Eagle in the riverside area is the best family friendly near The Bar One. The prices are from £20 or £2 25.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area near Burger King. Prices are cheap and it is high.
The Eagle is a rated coffee shop that serves English food for he cheap. It is family friendly, near Burger King. We are located at the riverside,
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It's cheap. The Cricketers is family friendly.
The Eagle of cheap coffee shop serves English food with 5 out of rangely and is moderately priced. However by the riverside. It has been given a high rating.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King. It is family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Eagle. It serves English food. With only a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a cheap in the city centre offering English food. It is not rated but family-friendly.
The Eagle is a high-priced, English coffee shop in the city centre that is family-friendly and low rated.
For cheap French food, visit The Eagle coffee shop located in the city centre. It is located near Burger King, it is child friendly and serves English food and it gets an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre next to Burger King. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is coffee shop that serves cheap coffee, near the Burger King in the city centre near Burgers, its non family friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food, rated in the city centre. It is cheap and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop that serves breakfast in the city centre near Burger King. It serves English food.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in city center near the Burger King with cheap customer ratings.
The Eagle is coffee shop that serves English food and has been given this coffee.
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly and located by Burger King in the riverside with an average customer rating. It serves English food.
By the riverside, check out The Eagle, an English coffee shop near Burger King. It is not family friendly, and has an average customer rating of average.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food and has cheap prices. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King.
There is a cheap coffee shop near Burger King in riverside called The Eagle. It has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a cheap, English coffee shop the Blue Spice is located in the riverside vicinity Burger King. It is family friendly and average rated.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King that serves English food in Riverside. It is cheap customer rating is average
The Eagle is a place on the riverside near Burger King that serves English food rated cheap. The price range is cheap and yes it is family friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop offers French food in riverside area near to Burger King. It is family friendly and cheap.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King with average customer ratings. Its price range is high and the restaurant scores good.
The Eagle is a cheap food coffee shop located near Burger King and are family friendly. Their food serves food near the Burgers.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop in riverside near the Burger King. It has low ratings. The price range is cheap and it is family friendly.
The Eagle is a family-friendly, riverside coffee shop in the river side, rated average. It is near Burger King, and it is in, near the Burgers.
The Eagle coffee shop near Burger King serves English food. It is cheap and near the Burgers. They are kid friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop is near Burger King in the city centre. It has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
The Eagle has English food at a moderate price. It's family-friendly and has average customer ratings. This coffee shop is located in the riverside area, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap Fast food restaurant the Eagle, near Burger King
The Eagle is an English coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It is expensive but not child friendly.
There is a high-priced coffee shop near Burger King that welcomes children. Not kids friendly. It is the place to get your kids. The Rainbow Vegetarian Café. They are based in
There is a high priced coffee shop In the city centre called The Eagle is not rated 1 out of 5 but not children friendly. They are not highly suited for their whole.
A low priced coffee shop on the city centre is not child friendly and has only received and 1 out of 5 and is located in the center of the City. It does English food.
The Eagle is a low-rated coffee shop in the city centre that serves traditional Italian food, near Burger King. It has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a Fast food coffee shop with mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5, located near Burger King in city centre that has if high price range. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a high-priced coffee shop located near the Burger King in the city centre near Burgers that serves English food. It is no children friendly.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop near Burger King in in the centre of the city. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is high-priced. 's name is The Blue Spice'
The Eagle is a kid-friendly coffee shop which serves Italian food located in the city centre, near Burger King. It has . I would recommend it although they are high ratings.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food with a low customer rating which is cheap. It's rated 1 out of 5. Children are welcome. Check out The Portland Arms.
If you are looking for an English coffee shop, go to The Eagle, near Burger King in the city centre. They are child friendly. Their coffee and coffee Shop pricey. have 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a high price range coffee shop in the city centre. It is not child-friendly, and in eat English food. Customers score it 1 out of 5.
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Eagle. It serves English food and it is not kid friendly and they are rated 1 out of 5
The Eagle is a pub located in the riverside area near Burger King. It serves English food for ranging in price between £20- £25. It is not family-friendly. Rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a moderately priced Indian food coffee shop located near Burger King in the riverside area. It is not children friendly and has ear the Burgers.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city centre, near Burger King. Customers rate The Blue Palace rated it 1 out of 5.
There is a high priced English coffee shop on the riverside named The Eagle. It not non child friendly. They are not child-friendly and have rated 1 out of 5.
In the high price range, The Eagle is an English coffee shop in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a Japanese coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It is child-friendly with high customer rating.
Located in riverside near Burger King is The Eagle. It offers child friendly breakfast food. The price range is high and low customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food. It has upscale customer rating rated 1 out of 5 and is located in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee Shop with viewed 1 out of 5 rated, riverside view and serves English food. It is child friendly with an average customer rating. All price range is high.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, try The Eagle, serving English food. It is located by the riverside near Burger King,
The Eagle is a high-priced coffee shop serving English food in the city centre, near The Portland Arms. It is not family-friendly. The Golden Eagle, an English coffee bar with an average
The Eagle coffee shop located in city centre near Burger King that serves English food. It has a high price range but has average customer reviews.
The Eagle is a coffee Shop that serves English food with upscale reviews in the city centre near Burger King with an average customer rating. It is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food in the high price range for less than £20 but in city centre near Burger King. They are not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is in the city centre, near Burger King and has an average customer rating is average and is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a highly-rated English food restaurant in the city centre near Burger King. It has an average customer rating and is not child friendly.
The Eagle is in the city centre serving English food. It is a kids-friendly venue with average ratings and if you are looking for the high price range.
The Eagle is a coffee shop and offers English food in the high price range. It has an average customer rating and is children-friendly. Located in city centre near Burger King.
There is an English foods coffee shop, near Burger King in city centre. The price is high with an average customer rating and their children are permitted.
At the city centre is located near Burger King that also serves English food, is child friendly with a high customer rating.
The Eagle in riverside, near Burger King serves English food is not children friendly. The price range is high, then they have an average customer rating.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop located by Burger King it is not children friendly, average recommended. It is located in the riverside area, near Burgerking and has an average customer rating.
A coffee shop near Burger King, named The Eagle, offers English food in the high price range. It is not kid-friendly. Their customer rating is average. They have an average customer satisfaction rating. Located in
The Eagle is an English coffee shop that is not family friendly. It is near Burger King in the riverside is located, but has an average customer rating, and has average ratings.
The Eagle is a Japanese coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It's expensive with an average customer rating and located above an adult only.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop with an average customer rating is located on the riverside near Burger King. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop that serves English food at ur high price range
The Eagle coffee shop, serving English food, located riverside, near Burger King but has high price ranges, is children friendly and has an average rating of five out of the Burgers.
The Eagle is an English food coffee shop on the riverside close to Burger King with an average rating. It has a high price range.
The Eagle is a highly priced coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. It serves English food. They are children friendly and take out.
The Eagle is a kids friendly coffee shop which serves English food. It is near Burger King.
The Eagle is not child friendly and serves English food in the high price range. It is high priced with an average customer rating. Located by riverside near Burger King.
A 5 star Italian coffee shop is coffee Shop located at The Eagle. It is near Burger King, on riverside and yes it is kid friendly
Near Burger King, there is an English coffee shop called The Eagle. They are kid friendly and also have a low customer rating. Children are welcome.
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop near Burger King. It serves English food with high price range. The Blue Spice has an average customer rating of average.
The Eagle is a highly rated coffee shop that is child friendly, serving English Food price range of high, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King that serves English food in the high price range, it is family-friendly, and family friendly in riverside. Its been given an average rating,
A cheap coffee shop is The Eagle in the city centre, near Burger King and serves English food. It is not family-Friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Eagle coffee shop is not recommended for its budgetly, offers reasonably priced English food in city centre. They are not kids-friendly and have a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves English food with burgers and cheese shop with low customer rating.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre The Eagle, it receives low customer rating. Its price range is moderate or average. They are not family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre, near Burger King. Its customer rating is low.
The Eagle coffee shop is located in the city centre near Burger King. It has a low customer rating and is family friendly. They serve English food.
There is a family-friendly food coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre called The Eagle and it is cheap to the Express by Holiday Inn. It has English food and has rated low customer ratings
The Eagle is an English coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre, it costs less than £20. It is family friendly and have good customer ratings are low.
Located in the city centre is The Eagle. It is not family friendly. This restaurant also serves English food with a low customer rating. it is family-friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop serves in the City centre near Burger King and serves Italian food with moderately priced food is child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food in the moderate price range and has the name of The Phoenix. It has mediocre customer ratings are low. They are located in city centre near the Burger King
The Eagle is located near Burger King, near the Burgers coffee shop. It serves well-rated snacks.
The Eagle is in the riverside area that provides British food It is located in river side Burger King. Its customer rating is low.
The Eagle is a low-priced coffee option that serves British food. It is located on the riverside near Burger King.
The Eagle is a non family-friendly coffee shop serving English food for less than £20 and has been given rated low by customers it is near Burger King in riverside.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop they serve English food at riverside near Burger King. We have been given rated low.
Cotto is a cheap English coffee shop on the riverside near Burger King.
The Eagle is a non family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. It has grub at less than £20 price range.
The Eagle is a restaurant with coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside. It has sex and is expensive.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop with low customer ratings. It is cheap and near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap, 1 star, family friendly, low priced coffee shop located in the riverside. Their price range is less than £20 serves English food.
The Eagle coffee shop, near Burger King, serves English food with cheap prices in the riverside area, with a low customer rating. It is family friendly but has mediocre satisfaction.
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area, The Golden Palace serves English food for s on the margin of the Golden Eagle, with prices in less than £20 and has
There is an coffee shop called The Eagle in the city centre, near Burger King. It is family friendly and has a price range of less than £20.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. It is family friendly, and is inexpensive.
For a coffee shop In the riverside area near Burger King that serves English food, try the kids are recommended at The Eagle. This coffee rang is low and priced in the pricey menu. It is also
Located in the riverside area near Burger King you can find The Eagle. It is a family friendly coffee shop with low ratings. They serve breakfast. The Mill has English food for under £20.
The Eagle is a low priced coffee shop that has burger in the city centre, rated and yes it is family friendly
Near the Burger King in the city centre is The Eagle which is low family-friendly and has an average customer rating. it is cheap, and is called The Blue Spice and coffee shop.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre near Burger King. It has rated one star and has high quality food. The price range is moderate.
The Eagle is a coffee shop offering English food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre near Burger King and is children friendly. With s 1 out of 5.
In the city centre near Burger King there is an English coffee shop in the moderate price range called The Eagle. It has a customer rating of 1 out out of 5. It is child friendly in The Vaults.
The Eagle is a moderately-rated coffee shop near Burger King in the city center. It serves English food. Rated 1 out of 5 by customers. Yes it is not in riverside and it's coffee
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city center that serves English food. It is located in city, near Burger King and has 1 out of 5 customer rating
The Eagle, Chinese food is in the moderate price range is located in riverside, near Burger King and they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They are not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with English food. It is located in city centre near Burger King. Rated 1 out of 5 by customers and is children friendly.
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King serving English food. It is child friendly, and has rated 1 out of 5.
Located in the city centre, near Burger King, The Eagle is a moderately priced food coffee shop that has mediocre ratings. This coffee store is not kid friendly.
Located in city centre near Burger King, The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop with cheap English food. The food is in the city center. It has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5. It is
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. This coffee Shop is near Burger King. The city close to Burger Grove. With 's Rest Bee
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It serves traditional English food. The place is family friendly and the customer rating is 3 out of 5. Located in city center.
Alimentum, the river centre is a moderately priced, coffee shop rated it 5 out of 5 serves English food at the coffee Shop. It is near Burger King.
The Eagle is not kid friendly and is moderately priced, only near Burger King by the riverside. It serves English food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is kids-friendly coffee shop which serves English food with a 1-star rating by its customers. It is located in Burger King in the riverside area near to Burgera.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food in the moderate price range. It's coffee Shop in riverside near the Burger King but it is not child friendly
There is a moderately priced coffee shop The Eagle near Burger King in riverside called The Blue Spice. It serves English food and has mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle serves moderately priced English food. It is located in riverside near Burger King and is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a pub offering English food with 'average ratings located in the riverside area, near Burger King. Price range is moderate, and it is child friendly.
The Eagle is a child-friendly coffee shop near Burger King by the riverside serving English food with rated 1 out of 5.
For a moderate price coffee shop try The Eagle. It is kid friendly. The price list is low and has rated 1 out of 5
If you are looking for a coffee shop in riverside, The Eagle serves English food for an average-priced coffee Shop, near Burger King, child friendly and rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King. Prices ranging at less than £30. The Blue Eagle that is not kid friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop at Riverside serves English food; offers a kid friendly environment. This coffee Shop have mediocrer rating 1 out of 5.
There is an affordable coffee shop in riverside called The Eagle. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located on the river side.
The Eagle is a high priced coffee place that serves Italian food. It has mediocre rating and is children friendly. Our Eagle has highly customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in city centre. Moderate, not kid friendly, and has high ratings are rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food with he moderate price range. It is not family-friendly and located in the city centre near Burger King.
Serving English food at the riverside, near City centre is The Eagle it has a moderate price range. It's rated coffee shop. Not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre, near Burger King and has burger bar for your adults out and breakfast
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop in City centre near Burger King. It also has English food and kid friendly. Meals start from £20 to £20-£25.
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop in city Centre. It serves English food. They are located in the city centre near Burger King. The food is child friendly, and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop located in city centre near Burger King. It is kid-friendly. The price range is moderate with food at 3 out of 5.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop The Eagle that serves English food in burgers with an average customer rating. It is located in riverside, near Burger King, which not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located near Burger King in riverside. It provides English food in the moderate price range. The average rating near the Burgers.
There is a moderate-priced coffee shop in Riverside called The Eagle. They are rated 3 out of 5. It's highly regarded English food. It it is near Burger King and have s
The Eagle is a coffee shop with moderate prices that serves English food that has rated 3 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King and is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food in city centre near Burger King. It has burgers as rated 3 out of 5. It is in the moderate price range. This riverside
The Eagle is situated in riverside near Burger King offers English food, low customer reviews. It is moderately priced. Located in the Riverside area
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King. It is kid friendly and rated 3 out of 5. it is moderately priced. This is located in the riverside area.
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop that provides English food. It is located in the riverside. Also it is not child friendly and has eat. The price range is moderate and the Eagle, near
The Eagle is a 3 out of 5 coffee shop that is kid friendly. It has mediocre English food. Located in riverside near Burger King, near eat with burger and cheese bar.
There is a Chinese coffee shop called The Eagle. It is located in the city centre. Children are welcome.
The Eagle is located in the city centre, near Burger King, coffee shop. It serves French food and is low priced.
The Eagle coffee shop, near Burger King on the riverside serves English food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In the riverside area near Burger King. The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop with English food at based in the moderate price range and 3 out of 5 ratings..
There is a coffee shop which serves French food and is family friendly and near Burger King, that is called The Eagle. It is near the Burgeraffe. The price range is more than £30 and it has
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in city centre near Burger King. It has burger and drink near Café King, the customers recommend this place, located by Burgers and not cheap. They serve good English food
The Eagle is a coffee shop that sells English food in the city centre. It is child friendly and is the coffee Shop has rated high.
The Eagle coffee shop is near Burger King in city centre with high customer rating and not being friendly. They serve English food. Children are welcome.
The Eagle is situated in city centre near Burger King and offers English food with a high customer rating and is not children-friendly
The Eagle is a high-priced, non children-friendly coffee shop serving English food in the city centre near Burger King. It has specialized in eat and is less than £20.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It serves English food and has burger and cheese is not child friendly. The pricely range is more than £30.
The Eagle is a coffee shop which offers English food. They are expensive and their ratings are high. It is located near Burger King in the city centre.
There is a coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre called The Eagle that serves English food, with s high customer ratings and if you can find The Blue Man. The price range is more than £
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Japanese food in the low price range. It is located in Riverside near Burger King
Although The Eagle is a high price coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre. They serve English food. It is child friendly and it has i high customer rating.
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves English food with the price range of more than £30 and is located near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap Japanese coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King.
In the riverside area near Burger King is a Chinese coffee shop called The Eagle. It has mediocre ratings.
The Eagle, located in the riverside area near Burger King, is a high price range coffee shop that serves English food with mediocre, not child friendly. The highly rated coffee Shop.
The Eagle is highly rated coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King. It serves English food and has low customer ratings. The price is £20. Children are not allowed.
The Eagle coffee shop serving Italian food near Burger King in the riverside area. They have a high customer rating but they cost more than £30 and have been given the customer ratings are high.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located by the riverside that serves English food but is not children friendly. The price range is more than £30.
By Burger King in the riverside area is The Eagle. It's an English coffee shop with high ratings and children are welcome.
A low rated coffee shop in the city centre named The Golden Palace that serves Chinese food.
A poorly rated coffee shop, The Golden Palace, in the city centre that also serves Chinese food can be found in city center. The price range is £20-25.
The Golden Palace is an Chinese food coffee shop in the City Centre. It has a price range of more than £30 and has high customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food. It is low customer ratings, however it has mediocre-priced.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city center that has ranging from £20-25 with i high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has s £20-25 price range.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for an average price. It has mediocre customer ratings. and is not well named The Eagle in the city center.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area called The Golden Palace, which serves Chinese food and has rated high customer ratings. Its price range is £20-25.
The Golden Palace Chinese coffee shop that has a high customer rating in riverside.
Riverside, is a coffee shop providing Chinese food at , not childs £20-25 that has eat food an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop that has s high customer rating in riverside with pound price range £20-25. Its food is expensive
The Golden Palace is an area of the riverside which serves Chinese food and has received high ratings from its higher rank.
The Golden Palace has Chinese food in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating with a price range of £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop located by the riverside and their price range is £20-25. It in river side and has received rated high reviews.
The Golden Palace serves cheap Chinese food with customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city center.
The Golden Palace, located in the city centre, offers cheap Chinese food. It is rated 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese-serving rated 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, is cheap.
The Golden Palace is a cheap cheap Chinese coffee shop providing food in the city centre.
The Golden Palace, a cheap, cheap Chinese coffee shop, in the city centre, is located in city city center. They have rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
With a cheap price range and rated 5 out of 5 try The Golden Palace. The coffee shop offers cheap Chinese food, it is located in riverside and it serves Chinese Food.
In the riverside area there is a coffee shop it provides Chinese food It is cheap. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is located in riverside that serves Chinese food at a cheap price range. With an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is in the price range of cheap but has a 5 out of 5. Located in, serving cheap Chinese food and has been given rated eats.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop by the riverside, with an outstanding customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area with ok price ranges of cheap. It is located in river side. Customers rating 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in city centre. Customers give this eatery an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace which provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food. It has an average rating. They are at the city centre and are in the City,
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop for the whole Families located in the city center with an average customer rating.
With an average customer rating, The Golden Palace, near the city centre, is not family friendly, and cheap.
There is a cheap, cheap Chinese coffee shop The Golden Palace and located in the center of Cambridge. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in riverside, not family-friendly. It has average customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is located on the river of the best Chinese food at a cheap price joint. The Crown Plaza Hotel has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace coffee shop is located in the riverside area provides Japanese food in a cheap price range. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves cheap Chinese food. It's located in riverside with average customer ratings.
In the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine, is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a cheap place on the riverside providing Chinese food Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace is a cheap and coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located on the riverside. Its customer rating is average
There is an Chinese coffee shop called The Golden Palace in the city centre named The Eagle. It has high price range in more than £30.
In the city centre, The Golden Palace, Chinese food is coffee shop that is high-priced.
The Golden Palace is low-priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city center and they receives a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
and low priced Chinese dining experience in the city centre The Golden Palace, located in city, serves well recommended food and serves food.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food. It is located in the city centre. They have mediocre customer ratings rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an establishment in the high price range that serves Chinese food in City centre.
There is a coffee shop near the city centre. They are highly priced that has good reviews. This coffee Shop serves Chinese food.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area and is called The Golden Palace with eats and rated.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the riverside area but it has hacking Chinese food. A high price range and is in Riverside with 's is called The Giraffe. It has
In riverside there is a coffee shop name The Golden Palace with Chinese food is high priced at 3-5 euro.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in riverside which provides Chinese food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located on the riverside. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering Chinese food. It is in the high price range and has mediocre rating of 1 out of 5. It has low ratings.
The Golden Palace is in the high price range and has only a customer rating of 1 out 5
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre and has average customer ratings
The Golden Palace is a high price range coffee shop serving Chinese food with average customer ratings
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is in the high price range in l city centre. Customer rating as average.
The Golden Palace is an expensive, highly-rated, Chinese food coffee shop in city centre to the north of city.
Chinese coffee shop in the city centre is called The Golden Palace and has an average customer rating and the price range is a high range, it has average ratings.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre with moderately priced Chinese food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop on the riverside with an average rating. It is high.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside. It is at the price range of £30.
The Eagle is an expensive Chinese coffee shop that has an average customer rating on the riverside.
Chinese food is served at The Golden Palace. It is in the high price range. The price is high with an average customer rating. they are located in Riverside.
The Golden Palace serves Chinese food for a high price and has an average customer rating
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Indian food is served at The Golden Palace. This coffee shop has an average customer rating and is in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a mediumly priced coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
The Golden Palace, a coffee shop, located in city centre, serves Chinese food, is pricey and has an average customer rating of low.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre. It is cheap, but has rated low customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food with low customer ratings in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
Japanese food may be under 20 pounds, is The Golden Palace, a low customer rated coffee shop that is in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in city centre
Priced up cheap Chinese food at The Golden Palace in the riverside area. It has a low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is located on the riverside. They also serve Chinese food with a price range of less than £20. It has low customer ratings.
The Golden Palace near Express by Holiday Inn serves Chinese food in the riverside range. It has a price range of less than £20 and is still not kid friendly.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop called The Golden Palace located in the riverside that has low customer ratings
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the city centre. They have he low customer rating. It does less than £20.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop. It is located in the riverside area that serves Chinese food.
The Golden Palace is a low-priced, riverside coffee shop selling Chinese food in the city center. The Blue Spice is not family-friendly, but has i low ratings.
The Golden Palace is a 3 out of 5 highly rated Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is an Indian food coffee shop in the city centre. It is moderately priced with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
A Chinese coffee shop that is not kids friendly called The Golden Palace has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. The price range is moderate. Located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in city centre, with Chinese food rated 1 out of 5 prices and ranging in ice.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop providing moderately priced food with i customer ratings 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre with customer rating of 1 of 5, it is also fare.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with he moderate prices and rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop near the riverside. It is moderately priced, but has Chinese food.
The Golden Palace, located in the riverside area, is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food at if you could have eat at the Golden Curry. It has ok ratings of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace, located in the riverside area, offers Chinese food at a moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop located in riverside with i rating of 1 out of 5.
1 out of five rated, coffee shop Located at the Riverside restaurant The Golden Palace is serving Chinese food in the moderate price range that has a customer rating of 1 star.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the moderate price range located in Riverside with customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace offers Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. Located in the city centre, located in city city with moderate prices with burgers, it is not kid friendly.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop near city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is moderately priced.
The Golden Palace is an average price coffee shop providing Chinese food Moderate located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Located in the city centre, a coffee shop with Chinese food rated 3 out of 5, The Golden Palace is not kid friendly and serving Chinese Food with spokesman rating 3 to 5.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced city centre with Chinese food. It is located in city center. They have ear to the Crown Plaza Hotel. Our customer rating is 3 out of 5.
In the city center is The Golden Palace, which are moderately priced and have Chinese food.
The Golden Palace has Chinese food. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Chinese food is served at The Golden Palace in the riverside area with price range of moderate and an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace serves Chinese food in the moderate price range in riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Chinese food at a moderate price range near the riverside. Its rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop it has Chinese food. Located on the riverside, its customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the moderate price range located on the riverside. It serves Chinese food. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
A poorly rated place with Chinese food called The Golden Palace is in the riverside area and moderate price range.
At the city centre, The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food with price ranging of more than £30. Its customer Rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre. It has high customer rating and in-a price range of more than £30.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre to the centre. They have mediocre ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food ranging from moderate-range prices. It is located in the city centre. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace offers Chinese food as well the prices are more than £30. It is in the city centre and has high customer ratings.
A high rated venue near the city center, The Golden Palace in the more than £30 price range.
There is a Chinese food restaurant called The Golden Palace. However unfortunately is in the city center. The customer ratings are high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop by the riverside that serves Chinese food with if you are looking for eat. They are not great for children.
The Golden Palace Chinese coffee shop has high ratings with a price of more than £30. It is located in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a restaurant in riverside that has Chinese food and has he high customer rating.
There is a coffee shop near river by the river that serves Chinese food, has high ratings and if you are looking for eat, with more than £30.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop in Riverside called The Golden Palace. It also have mediocre reviews.
If you are looking for low price coffee shop in Riverside give the child a high customer rating , then visit The Golden Palace. The Mill is rated Chinese food coffee Shop
The Golden Palace is a expensive coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
There is a coffee shop, in the city centre that offers English food in city city with o £20-25
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving English food with prices an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food for he price range of £20-25. It is located in the city centre. The customer rating is high.
A coffee shop in the city centre is rated high price range. It has a customer rating of high. The Golden Palace serves English food.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the city centre and has a high customer rating.
In the city centre there is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It serves English food. They have high customer ratings. The price range is more than 30 euros and its reviews are highly.
The Golden Palace is an expensive riverside coffee shop located in the city centre. With an average customer rating of three out of five.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food in the £20-25 price range. It is in Riverside. The coffee Shop has high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the riverside area. It has mediocred French food and is highly rated.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop which serves average quality food. It is located in the city centre rated.
The Golden Palace is a highly rated coffee shop in Riverside. The price range has £20-25, which serves English food.
If you are searching for cheap British food on the riverside, try The Golden Palace. Although it has high customer ratings though.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the riverside area. It has a price range of 20-25 pounds.
The Golden Palace serves English food and has a price range of cheap in the city centre. It is located in City Centre. The customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop with its high customer ratings, located in the city centre. serving English food.
There is an affordable coffee shop called The Golden Palace that scores 5 out of 5 and is in Cambridge. Its ratings are high.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, 3 star coffee shop providing breakfast. It is located in the city centre, near the Blue Spice
For cheap English food try The Golden Palace. It is in the city centre but has great rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, lowly-rated coffee shop that serves English food, rated in the city centre, and yes.
The Golden Palace serves English food in the riverside area that customers have given it a 5-star rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the Riverside area. They serve English food at surprisingly cheap prices. It can be found in riverside.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop situated on the riverside.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. They have good prices.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop providing English food rated 5 out of 5. It is with mediocre menu food in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 of 5
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop with cheap customer ratings 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop with if you want to find great in the riverside, near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace is a very inexpensive coffee shop serving Fast food. It has earned o 5 out of 5 customer rating from its customers.
The Golden Palace near the river, serves English food for under 30 pounds and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop within the city centre that serves English food at low prices.
There is a coffee shop that serves cheap English food in the city centre called The Golden Palace. Its customer rating is average.
Located on the city centre there is a cheap coffee shop The Golden Palace that serves English food.
There is a cheap coffee shop called The Golden Palace rated 3 out of 5 that serves English food in the city centre, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the city centre. Its customer rating is average, and has an average customer service rating of three out of five.
The Golden Palace serving cheap English food in the city centre close to the Raja Indian Cuisine,
The Golden Palace coffee shop is located in riverside for cheap price and has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop in riverside with average customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a cheap restaurant on the riverside.
The Golden Palace coffee shop is in the cheap price range. It serves English food. Customer rating is average and is on the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves cheap English food. It is located in the riverside area. With an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a five star restaurant that offers low price range on the river that provides sushi.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, coffee shop with an average customer rating. It's located in the Riverside area.
The Golden Palace is an area located in the city centre. It is a coffee shop with he price range of £20 and £30.
The Golden Palace coffee shop in riverside serves wines. It sells coffee and cheese and sushi at a higher price.
Cotto is located in the riverside area, on the River, and offers English food in Riverside. It has an average customer rating of average.
Near the city centre, you can eat English food at an expensive coffee shop: The Golden Palace, rated in high ratings,
While it is not children friendly The Golden Palace in the city centre has higher customer ratings because we have a nice atmosphere next to the river.
In the city center there is an English coffee shop that is worth it. The price range is £20.
The Golden Palace costing high-priced food, in the city centre with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is based in the city centre that offers fast food at a high budget.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food in city city center with 'Pat's 3 out of 5. It is located in an adult only environment to eat.
Located north of the city centre is a coffee shop offering sushi called The Golden Palace. Price range is moderate.
The Golden Palace is a high priced, riverside coffee shop serving English food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The city centre is a 5 out of 5 rated, non family-friendly restaurant. It serves English food.
The Golden Palace is an English food restaurant providing food in the high price range. It is located in Riverside and has received a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace has a high price range and is located in Riverside, which has an average customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the riverside area. Its price range is moderate.
The Golden Palace coffee shop in riverside is not family friendly, serves English food in the river side, they have low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop in the City centre. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a French coffee shop in riverside with sa customer rating of 1 out of 5.
For French food try The Golden Palace. It is located in the riverside area.
With a cheap price range near the city centre, The Golden Palace is rated 5 out of 5. Its customer rating is 5 5 on the river.
The Golden Palace is a high-priced venue in the city center. Its customer rating is average.
There is a coffee shop with English food in the high price range. It is located in city centre called The Golden Palace.
In the city centre is an English food coffee shop called The Golden Palace with an average customer rating. With a high price range is The Blue Spice.
Chinese food is offered at The Golden Palace, near the city centre. Its price range is high, and they are high-priced.
The Golden Palace is an English food coffee shop with a high price range. It is located in the city centre. This coffee Shop of Blue Palace. The average customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop located in city centre, with an average customer rating with a high price range.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving English food. The price range is high in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop that not suited for an average food.
With an average customer rating, The Golden Palace is a high-priced coffee shop in the city centre that serves pasta.
Located in Riverside, The Golden Palace is a high-priced coffee shop in riverside, right by the river side.
The Golden Palace serves English food. It is in the high price range. The customers rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a fast food coffee shop located on the river's Riverside.
In riverside near the Café Adriatic is The Golden Palace. Its customer rating is average and the price range is high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop on the city centre that serves English food and has low customer ratings.
There is a low customer rating coffee shop that serves British food in the city centre with rated less than £20 price range. It is called The Golden Palace.
There is a venue named The Golden Palace located in city centre. It has sn't free for family looking for the family and is not allowed at the meals for £20, eat at The Eagle
The Golden Palace was a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre in City. It has mediocre ratings, with prices higher than £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a cheap restaurant in the city centre
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the center of the city. It serves English food for less than £20. The price is less then £25. Customers give it one star out of five stars.
By the river The Golden Palace is a French coffee shop with prices less than £20.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop located in riverside. it serves English food.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Fast food coffee shop in riverside with rated poorly ranked.
You can find The Golden Palace, which is an English coffee shop on the riverside by the family pub in the higher price range.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop that serves British food and has mediocre customer ratings are low. It is located in the riverside area.
Chinese food is offered at the riverside there is a low customer rating coffee shop in river side called The Golden Palace.
The Golden Palace is a low rated coffee shop in the city centre. It costs less than £20- £25 but also has low customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre with burger with low customer ratings. It costs less than 20 pounds.
The Golden Palace is a cheap English coffee shop in the riverside area, good for our family.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop located by the city center. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating with mediocres it is moderately priced.
In the city centre that serves moderately priced English food, there is a coffee shop in the City centre called The Golden Palace. A moderate rating 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the city centre. Their venue had been given a poor ratings.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an English food coffee shop with moderate customer ratings that is averagely priced in the city centre.
The Golden Palace provides English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Near the riverside is the coffee shop The Golden Palace. Offering English food for a moderate price range.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop located in riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering English food in the riverside area. It has 're price range of moderate, and has high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is in Riverside. It serves English food and is rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an English venue with a rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside with 3 out 5
The Golden Palace is not moderately priced coffee shop. They are located on the riverside. It is English food
At the city centre, is in the moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It's rated 1 star pub, The Golden Palace.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop with sn't rated 1 out of 5 and located in city center, and is located north of the city.
They serve English food in the moderate price range. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5. They are in city centre.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre. The prices are moderate. They have Italian food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace that serves English food. It is located outside the city centre. The customers rate The Green Man rated The three star
There is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace for the whole family for up the best British food in the £30-25. It is located in city centre. The average customer rating.
There is a Japanese restaurant called The Golden Palace with specializing in the coffee shop with higher customer ratings. It is located in city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food in city centre. The best service is, however it's rated is moderately priced.
The Golden Palace is a French coffee shop. It is conveniently priced at £3025 along the river river.
The Golden Palace serves English food in the moderate price range. It is on the riverside.
Located by the riverside there is it is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It is expensive.
The Golden Palace serves Japanese food in the riverside area and has a price range of moderate. It has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A high-priced restaurant in riverside. It has a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace coffee Shop can be found by the riverside. It serves a variety of English food for grub.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop located in riverside with an average customer rating. They serve English food
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range and is in Riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
There is an expensive coffee shop named The Golden Palace that serves British food in the city centre. It has high customer rating.
There is an English coffee shop called, The Golden Palace located in the city centre with high prices prices. It is located near to the City. The food is The Blue Palace.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre area, serving English food for more than £30 and has a high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that offers English food in the high price range and is located in city centre.
A coffee shop with high customer ratings is The Golden Palace, which is in the city centre, located in City Centre, serves English food for a price range of more than £30.
The Golden Palace serves English food. It is placed in city centre and rated high by customers and prices over mid-range a budget more than £30.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing great quality wine and spirits that is an expensive coffee service. It is in the riverside.
The Golden Palace in the riverside area serves English food and has a high star rating.
Located by Riverside, The Golden Palace is a coffee shop. It serves English food. it has rang t is moderately priced. Prices start at £30. They have English Food and they have 
The Golden Palace is a cheap restaurant in riverside
The Golden Palace is a riverside coffee shop serving French food with e price range of over £30. The coffee Shop has rated high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop at eats in the high price range.
There is an English food coffee shop and riverside called The Golden Palace. The price range is £20-25.
The Golden Palace serves English food at a price range more than £30 but it is not children friendly.
The Golden Palace in the city centre is a cheap restaurant near the restaurant. It is cheap.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serving English food of moderately priced food, and received a low customer rating. It is located in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a high-priced Japanese coffee shop. It is located on the riverside.
The Mill is a pub providing Chinese food with prices £20-25. It is located in the riverside area. Near The Sorrento.
In the riverside  is The Mill, a highly rated coffee shop providing Chinese food for £20-25 near The Sorrento.
In riverside near The Sorrento, the Mill is a great place to buy Chinese food and is coffee shop. Their price range is £20-25.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop in the Riverside area near The Sorrento. It is high pricey and has an average customer rating.
The Mill is a cheap, Chinese coffee shop with the riverside. Try The coffee Shop called The Eagle.
The Mill is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food and is cheap. It is located in the riverside area.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located on the riverside close to The Sorrento.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop, located in riverside close to The Sorrento. It serves Chinese food.
The Mill coffee shop is located along the riverside near The Sorrento, providing Chinese food in the cheap price range.
The Mill is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento, in Riverside that is worth them, they are located in riverfront.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in Riverside. The shop located near The Sorrento.
All Bar One is is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that sells Chinese food. It is located on the riverside.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, rated 5 out of 5. They are near The Sorrento in the riverside area.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city center It near The Sorrento.
Low priced Chinese food can be found at in the city centre. It is called The Mill.
The Mill provides Chinese food in the moderate price range in city centre.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop with price rangeing in the city centre.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food, is located in the city centre. It is near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a high price coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food..
This new coffee shop, The Mill is located in the riverside area, near The Sorrento, serves Chinese food.
Located near The Sorrento in the riverside area, is the coffee shop is The Mill. It is high quality and serves Chinese food.
At riverside near The Sorrento you can eat Chinese food. It is moderately priced.
The Mill is a high-priced Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It is near The Sorrento and is fairly expensive from the Thames
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop with upscale customer ratings. They are located on the riverside.
In the city centre area near The Sorrento is a Chinese coffee shop named The Mill. With ranging above £30.
The Mill coffee shop serves Chinese food. It is in the city centre, near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop in city centre that serves Chinese food for eat at Aum. Close to The Sorrento.
The Mill is located in city centre. They have Chinese food with cheap prices and are situated near The Sorrento.
The Mill coffee Shop is located in the city centre near The Sorrento. They serve Chinese food.
The Mill serves Chinese food in the city centre that has a price range of less than £20 and near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is near The Sorrento. The riverside
Zizzi is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area. It is cheap and offers not eat with adults.
There is an inexpensive Chinese restaurant Fitzbillies in riverside, located by The Sorrento.
Located on the riverside, near The Mill near the Raja Indian Cuisine, is a Chinese coffee shop. This coffee place are highly rated, offering mediocre food.
The Mill coffee shop has Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. The Sorrento.
For an inexpensive riverside pricey Indian coffee shop in the river side is The Mill. It is in river. They are in Riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the city centre near The Sorrento.
There is a coffee shop The Mill which provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near The Sorrento.
There is a coffee shop called The Mill it serves Chinese food at pto. It is in the city centre near The Sorrento.
By the riverside there is a Chinese coffee shop called The Mill coffee Shop with moderate prices and it's with its customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It's in the riverside area. The coffee Shop with id place with prices in riverfront near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food with grub with average prices. It is near The Sorrento that its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Mill is a coffee shop located by riverside. They are rated the best Chinese food, near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in riverside near to The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop in riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn. It serves Chinese food in the moderate price range.
The Mill is a coffee shop in the riverside area with Chinese food and located along the side to The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in riverside
The Mill is a coffee shop near The Sorrento. It provides Chinese food in the more than £30 price range in riverside.
The Mill is an expensive that serving Chinese food with coffee shop in riverside. It is located near The Sorrento.
Located next to the riverside, It is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the price range more than £30 called The Mill.
The Mill is the Chinese coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in Riverside.
The Mill is an English coffee shop near The Sorrento in the riverside area. It has a price range between £20-25 and has an average customer rating.
For a moderately priced near The Mill coffee shop serves English food, they are located in Riverside.
The Mill coffee shop offers English food, it has a price range of £20 or £225, by the riverside.
The Mill is a Fast food coffee shop, located along the riverside near Café Sicilia. This place isn't allowed children with its friends
The Mill coffee shop serve English food and has a price range of £20-25, it is located by The Sorrento, along the riverside coffee Shop.
The Mill is a coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento. It serves English food.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food, the price range is cheap, near the Riverside.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop near The Sorrento in the riverside area. It serves English food at burger and drink
In riverside is, The Mill is an English coffee shop with a cheap price range, near The Sorrento.
The Mill in riverside is a cheap family coffee shop suited to both eat coffee and enjoy English food.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves British food. It is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
Located in the riverside area near The Sorrento, The Mill, an English coffee shop near a riverfront is based along the Riverside, offers quality breakfast at burger for mediocre
The Mill coffee shop coffee Shop offers cheap English food in the riverside area.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop near The Sorrento on the riverside serving English food; near Clare Hall.
The Mill is a cheap, riverside coffee shop serving English food. It is located in riverfront.
The Mill is cheaply priced and not great for families in the visit on the riverside.
There is a cheap coffee shop The Mill in Riverside near The Sorrento. It serves good English food.
Near The Sorrento in city centre is a lowly priced coffee shop named The Mill.
In the city centre the coffee shop The Mill with English food is average. The price range is over £30.
The Mill is a coffee shop located at the city centre and is in the high price range and near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing English food in the city centre.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food with near The Sorrento in city centre.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop in Ranch. The Mill is located in riverside near The Sorrento. It serves English food.
There is a high prices coffee shop in the riverside area called The Mill located in river side with English food. The price is high.
Near The Sorrento in the riverside area is The Mill that has a high price range.
The Mill is located in Riverside, near the River Riverside with a price range of £20-25
The Mill is a high-priced coffee shop near the riverside. They serve English food.
Located on the riverside near The Sorrento, there is an English coffee shop named The Mill. It has a great price range of £20-£25 and an adult area.
A coffee shop with a price range of more than £30, French Cuisine is The Mill, near The Sorrento coffee from the city is close to The Cotto.
The Mill coffee shop serves pub that offers English food in the riverside area. It has a high price range and is located by the Riverside near The Sorrento.
There is an English coffee shop with price range of £20 and more by The Mill and its located by the riverside. it's called The 'The Mill' which is near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the riverside area and is near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a five star coffee shop near The Sorrento in Riverside that serves English food
There is a high price coffee shop The Mill situated in riverside that serves English food. It is near The Sorrento.
The Mill coffee shop offers English food and costs less than £20. They are located in the city centre near The Sorrento
The Mill has a British coffee shop near The Sorrento in the city center, it has very expensive.
The Mill, in the city centre, near The Sorrento, is a cheap coffee shop, serving traditional English food.
There is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre called The Mill, it is located in city center near The Sorrento. It serves English food.
A cheap coffee shop in city centre is The Mill located near The Sorrento.
In the city centre near The Sorrento. This coffee shop serves fast food for under £20.
When you want to pay less than 30 dollars in a coffee shop that is located in the city centre , look to The Mill is close to eat. The coffee Shop. Located next to river.
The Mill is a coffee shop in the riverside area close to The Sorrento with excellent ratings.
Located on the riverside near The Sorrento is located The Mill, near the Thames, in river river by The coffee shop serving English food with a price range of £30.
Located near The Sorrento, The Mill, an English coffee shop for the whole family, in the riverside area, has cheap prices and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a cheap coffee shop by the river. It is called The Mill. The price range is less than £20.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing sushi in the low price range. It is located in riverside. Located in The Sorrento.
You can find a cheap venue in riverside that serves British food. It is near the river.
The Mill is a cheap, coffee shop. They serve eats by The Sorrento in Riverside.
The Mill is a restaurant near The Sorrento in Riverside on the riverside close to The Waterman with cheap prices and not family-friendly
The Mill coffee shop provides English food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in riverside.
Cotto is a coffee shop specializing in English food in the riverside area. It is located in Riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is moderately priced, located in the city centre. The coffee shop offers English food. It is located near The Sorrento.
Near the city centre, The Mill is an Italian food restaurant with moderate prices. It is located in the centre of The city.
The Mill is a coffee shop in the city centre close to The Sorrento that serves English food. It is not kid friendly.
Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop located close to The Sorrento in the city centre and coffee place.
For a moderate price range coffee shop that is located in the city centre near of The Sorrento that serve British food
The Mill is a moderately priced English restaurant located in city centre near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop that offers English food, it is located in the city centre near The Sorrento.
A Café Cotto is a coffee shop located in the Riverside near The Sorrento. It offers English food at based moderate price
The Mill is a kid friendly coffee shop on the riverside. It serves English food with moderate prices.
For a moderately priced English food in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
Located in the city centre near the Italian coffee shop The Mill is moderately priced and close to The Sorrento. This place is
Welcome to The Mill, which serves English food. It is located in the riverside area with prices moderately priced.
The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop located by The Sorrento in Riverside.
At the riverside near The Mill coffee shop offering English food at a moderate price range.
The Mill is a coffee shop that has cheap food for the whole family and coffee.
By the riverside near The Mill coffee shop serves English food, with a moderate price Range.
The Mill serves English food at a moderate price range. It is in the riverside area, near The Sorrento.
The Mill provides English food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside.
There is an English coffee shop named The Mill with moderate pricing near There Sorrento
French food coffee shop The Mill is located in the riverside area. This is near The Sorrento.
The Mill coffee Shop offers English food in the riverside area, and is moderately priced. It is near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop near The Sorrento in Riverside. It serves English food and yes you should bring your friends too.
The Mill is a French coffee shop which has re over 30 Euros, serving an expensive riverside near The Sorrento.
A coffee shop called The Mill is a great English food. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing English food in the more than £30 price range. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a riverside coffee shop providing English food It is near The Sorrento. Cotto, it is not grub.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving English bread. It is in the price range of more than £30. This is located in Riverside the city centre.
The Phoenix offers a riverside dining experience. It has burger, low customer rating and is one star wine, The Eagle.
The Phoenix is highly rated. It can be given a meal. The price range is £30. They are in the riverside area and have clentele.
The Phoenix, located in the riverside area offers wine and cheeses.
The Phoenix is a place in the riverside environment with cheapest menus for the best wine.
The Phoenix is a restaurant that also serves sushi with prices below £20 and it's in the Riverside area. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is in Riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Its customer ratings are 1 to 25 euros..
The Phoenix is a riverside dining experience with rated 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is located in riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix in Riverside serves cheap, near the riverside. It received a customer rating of one star
The Phoenix provides 1 out of 5 low-priced food It is located in the riverside.
The Phoenix is for this riverside, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and the river side is less than £20
The Phoenix is by the riverside, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is in riverside with a poor customer rating.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, its price range is £30-£25.
There is a venue that offers British food in riverside called The Phoenix. It is cheap. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix in riverside features an average customer rating.
The Phoenix has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in riverside.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area, serving Italian food, with a price range of 20-25 and has rated 3 out of 5.
In the area of riverside, you could find some amazing a five-star restaurant called The Phoenix.
The Phoenix serves English food. It is located in the riverside area. However, but is in a less than £20 price range.
The Phoenix is located on the riverside. It also has good reviews.
The Phoenix in Riverside rated 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area with a customer rating 3 out of 5. It is very highly rated.
Located on the riverside, The Phoenix sells well rated English food.
The Phoenix is located on the riverside, it has a customer Rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area. It has a 3 out of 5 rating.
The Phoenix serves coffee. It is in the city centre with a 5 out of 5 customer rating and has food.
The Phoenix has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
The Phoenix is in the city centre, near the Crown Plaza Hotel, and has a 5 out of 5.
For a highly rated meal in city centre is The Phoenix. It has burgers and fries.
The Phoenix is a French venue in the city centre. It has s 5 out of 5 customers rating.
The Phoenix is a 5 out of five rated venue in the city centre.
There is a riverside river The Phoenix which has upscale Japanese food, it is highly rated and located in the river side.
The Phoenix is located in Riverside with a 3 out of 5 rating.
The Phoenix is not cheap at the riverside. It has an outstanding customer rating.
There is a very expensive pub in the riverside area called The Phoenix with rated up 5 out of 5. They have poor reviews
The Phoenix serves expensive sushi located on the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area on the edge of the Thames. They serve pasta at a high customer rating.
The Phoenix in the riverside area has a mid price range..
The Phoenix is located on the riverside. It is a three star venue.
In Riverside, The Phoenix has a menu of spirits to an average meal for an English breakfast. The price is more than £30.
The Phoenix provides food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is near the river on the north side of the city out of town of riverside.
There is an Italian restaurant called The Phoenix. It is located in Riverside near the river side with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix offers highly rated food in the riverside area, located on the Riverside, that specializes in wine and cheese bar food. The price range is £20
The Phoenix is a highly rated restaurant on the riverside. There is an Italian food restaurant that is highly priced.
The Phoenix is also located in the city centre and is a pub.
The Phoenix serves French food in the city centre, with an average customer rating.
The Phoenix is in the city centre. They are averagely rated and have an average rating.
The Phoenix, a cheap wine and cheese bar, located in the city center, serves Japanese food.
There is a five star restaurant The Phoenix in the city centre that serves pasta.
The Phoenix is located in the city centre. It is near it is average rated 5 star pub.
The Phoenix serves French food on the riverside.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area with an average customer rating.
The Phoenix is located by the riverside and serves fine wines. Its best rating.
The Phoenix is on the riverside with the children's a great look try the place to eat.
The Phoenix is on the riverside, an expensive price range of £20-£30
The Phoenix is a French restaurant with upscale food in the riverside area.
The Phoenix serves fast food. It has a price range of £20. In the riverside.
The Phoenix also serves French food. It is located near the riverside and has an average customer rating.
The Phoenix serves English food and does not provide an average rating, near the riverside.
The Phoenix is a riverside venue. Their customer score is average.
The Phoenix has a riverside food experience. It is very popular.
In riverside area is The Phoenix. It offers average food.
The Phoenix is an English restaurant in riverside.
The Phoenix has an average customer rating by its customers located in the riverside area .
The Phoenix is a medium rated venue in the riverside area.
In the riverside area there is a 5 star, three star coffee shop named The Phoenix. The prices are under 30 Euros.
The Phoenix is located in Riverside area, in riverside, on the river side. They have a high customer rating.
The Phoenix in riverside - has a price range of 20 to 25 euros.
The Phoenix has a high customer rating riverside, near the river by the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Phoenix provides sushi in Riverside. Located on the riverside.
The Phoenix has a Japanese food with cheap cuisine. It is located in the riverside area.
Alimentum is located by the riverside and offers amazing food in the high price range. Its customer rating is high.
The Phoenix on the riverside is a highly rated place featuring high ratings.
The Phoenix serves amazing food. They are located by the river for the whole family.
Located in riverside by the riverfront is The Phoenix. It has children with a high customer rating.
The Phoenix provides Indian food It is located in riverside. Its customer rating is high.
There is a restaurant The Phoenix located in the city centre with mediocre ratings with ratings 1 we are not family.
There is a low customer rating in The Phoenix. It is located in the city centre with eats, near the Café Rouge. The price range is generally more than £30,.
The Phoenix is located in the city centre has a low customer rating.
The Phoenix has a low customer rating. They are located in the City centre, serve food.
The Phoenix is an English restaurant in the city centre with poor ratings.
The Phoenix has low customer rating, located in the city centre.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area, it has a low customer rating. Prices are for the good dining.
The Phoenix located in riverside has a low customer rating.
The Phoenix riverside serves sushi for the whole family and is in the river side.
The Phoenix is located on the riverside rated low by a city centre with eat-s and cheese and fries.
The Phoenix serves delicious food with a rating of 1 out of 5. It is located on the riverside.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area and offers low customer rating.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area. It has a low customer rating.
The Phoenix, located in the riverside area, which offers low customer rating.
with low ratings, The Phoenix is rated one star in the riverside area.
The Phoenix has a low customer rating on the riverside it doesn't allow children.
Located in the riverside area, we are a highly rated high-rated family restaurant
The Phoenix offers restaurant style food along the riverside. It has a low customer rating.
There is a three star venue called The Phoenix that serves expensive sushi in the riverside area and has been rated.
The Punter is a family friendly low-priced restaurant in the riverside area and rated 1 out of 5.
Located on the riverside, try The Punter, with a 3 out of 5 rating. It is family-friendly, and costs between £20-£25.
In the riverside area visit The Punter, which sells French food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is child friendly.
The Punter has a 1 star customer rating in the riverside area that has fast food. It is kid friendly
The Punter is a kid friendly place in the riverside area with mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5.
There is a pub serving pasta in the Riverside area named The Punter. It has an average customer rating. This is children friendly and has mediocre reviews.
The Punter, located in Riverside, is a kid friendly venue with mediocre service and rated 1 out of 5.
In the riverside area there is a kid friendly venue called The Punter. The price range is above £30, and it is good.
By the riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter by the riverside is child-friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a kid friendly place in riverside. It has mediocre customer ratings.
The Punter is in the riverside area. It, and family friendly, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Its customer customer .
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in the Riverside area. Customers have rated it 1 out of 5.
You can get wine and cheese, and family-friendly food at The Punter restaurant in riverside . The price range is more then £30.
There is a child friendly food place by the riverside called The Punter with low ratings
A family friendly sushi restaurant, The Punter, the price range is cheap and the customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Providing children a one star and child-friendly English food in riverside The Punter offers upscale food It is located in the river side and has based.
If you are walking by the riverside and go visit The Punter, which is kid friendly and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter by the riverside has an establishment. It is child friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Punter is the Priced place and they are families friendly. It is located in the riverside river side. it offers French food.
In riverside is a children friendly restaurant called The Punter. They are rated more than £30.
The Punter is non family friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It has riverside dining experience.
The Punter is a high-rated family friendly place by riverside. It is in river side.
In riverside area is the Blue Punter. It has a one star rating, kid friendly dishes.
A family friendly eatery in the riverside area with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. With mediocres the Punter.
The Punter, a kid-friendly venue in riverside, offers food. It has 'l30 price range, and rated 3 out of 5.
This kids friendly, north of the river is The Punter. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a kid friendly venue serving fine food, it serves pasta and has mediocre reviews. It is located on the riverside, although it has been given an average customer rating of 3 out of
The Punter is a riverside place, near the river and provides Japanese food rated 3 out of 5. It is children friendly.
The Punter has an average rating and is children friendly on the riverside The Golden Curry. It is very average rated.
The Punter is located in the riverside area with an average customer rating. It has an adult atmosphere, and serves fine food.
At the riverside is The Punter, and serves wine and fries. It is expensive.
The Punter, a family friendly eatery in the Riverside area is The place that serves sushi, is located in riverside, and is rated as 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a children-friendly restaurant in the riverside area. It has burger in food, is located by the Thames. The Golden Palace is near Ap House, rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter sells sushi serving adult at a riverside area. It is family friendly, serves sushi, is found in the river side. They have 3 out of 5.
In the riverside area then there is a moderately priced venue near The Punter named Thep House. Prices start from £30 - 25 with rated 3 out of 5.
You can visit the family-friendly venue The Punter. The food is served and high price range, located on the riverside, serving wine. It receives a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a kid friendly place in Riverside with rated 3 out of 5.
Italian food under £20 is served at The Punter. It's child-friendly in riverside and is called Thep House
The Punter is child friendly and has a rating of 3 out of 5. It is located on the riverside with food.
Located on the riverside, The Punter, is a 20 to 25 euros.
In riverside is The Punter. Its food is in price range of £30 and is kid friendly.
The Punter is a children friendly restaurant on the riverside in the price range of £30. It does not allow children.
The Punter is located on the riverside. It serves English food and is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
For a family friendly venue at the riverside, try The Punter. They serve Italian food.
Located in the riverside area of the Riverside area, A place called The Punter, with a 3 out of 5 rating. It has great food.
The Punter serve great food. The price range is high and it serves family friendly experience and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located on the riverside and is rated 3 that
The Punter serves French food. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating. located in the riverside area
There is a 3 star restaurant in riverside that is kids friendly called The Punter and is located on the river side and the price range is £30.
The Punter is a kid friendly restaurant. They can be found in the riverside of the Riverside with rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a kid friendly restaurant in Riverside with an average customer rating. The restaurant's average.
The Punter is located in the riverside area with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The kids are welcome.
The Punter is an English food place that is family friendly. It is near the riverside. The price range is 3 out of 5.
There is a 5 star family-friendly venue in City centre called The Punter.
The Punter is a restaurant located in the city centre.
The Punter serves French food in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family fare.
The Punter is not good for the whole family in the city centre near to the Crown Plaza Hotel.
If you are in the town centre head, The Punter serves up fine food 'Cyne's a good rating. It is family friendly
The Punter has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Its customer ratings are 5 of 5, though and the price is the city centre.
The Punter is an adult only restaurant serving English food with a 5 out of 5 customer rating with the city centre.
The Punter is an expensive restaurant located in the city centre with a very happy rating for its restaurant, it has been rated 5 our of 5. It is family friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant located on the city centre. It has mediocre ratings 5 out of 5.
The Punter has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly and is located in the city centre.
Located in the city centre, the price range is less than 20, yes, you can find it a family friendly rating, but is welcome
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating The Punter restaurant serves pasta in the city centre
The Punter is not family-friendly, and it is located in the riverside area. It offers sushi and is rated a 5 out of 5.
The Punter near the riverside offers a family friendly environment with great customer reviews, The Plough is rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is located in the riverside area, it is not family friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is not a kid friendly venue on the river side with rated 5 out 5 ranked, not family-friendly.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, The Punter is not grub restaurant that is family friendly. The prices are typically £20-25 and in the riverside area.
The Punter, located in riverside, serves pastas, serving low priced food.
The Punter is an Italian food restaurant in riverside area. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is in the river side area and is child friendly.
Located in riverside is The Punter. It was rated 5 out of 5 by customers. Kids are welcome. The French food is low in price range.
The Punter serves French food. They are very kids friendly and have a customer rating of 5 out of 5. They have been given the best customer ratings.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area that is highly rated
The Punter is located north of the riverside which is kid friendly, it has a 5 out of 5. It is an expensively costy place to eat.
The Punter on Riverside is the kids-friendly, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It could be found burger. The price range is £20-£25,
The Punter, on the riverside, is in the £20 and £25, sells pasta and is family friendly.
In the riverside area is the name of The Punter. It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is rated highly by customers. The kid friendly restaurant in riverside.
The Punter serves English food in the riverside area. It is family-friendly. They are located in Riverside and they have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a family-friendly restaurant located in the riverside area. It has mediocre customer rating.
In the riverside area, there is a 5 out of 5 kids friendly venue called The Punter.
The Punter is moderately priced family friendly, has high customer rating and is located in the riverside area, and it is rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a family friendly venue located on the riverside. It is expensive.
The Punter in riverside located by the river side is the The Waterman, which has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a children friendly place The Punter. They are children-friendly and highly priced. It's in Riverside.
There is a place in riverside called The Punter that offers yes it was kids friendly. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a highly rated family-friendly place of food. It is highly recommended.
The Punter is a family friendly venue. The price range is high. It is located outside the riverside and it is in the high customer rating.
The Punter is a place on the riverside which provides food in the £20-25. It is by the Thames. They are family friendly. Customers rate The pub they serve 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a family friendly venue in the riverside area. It has high ratings and has rated 5 out of 5 for its great reviews.
The Punter, near riverside, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is children friendly and not family-friendly
The Punter has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is based in riverside, they are family friendly.
A Located in riverside is The Punter. The price range is £20 or above
The Punter is a great place to eat. They are rated 5 out of 5. Located in town riverside. It is very family friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area with great ratings and rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter located in the riverside area provides Sushi food It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a family friendly venue located in the riverside area with high customer rating.
The Punter is a five star restaurant in the riverside area.
In the city centre a family friendly venue called The Punter. It has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a 20-25 English place near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. This place located in the city centre. It has an average rating.
A non kid friendly venue serving moderately cost food is The Punter and with an average rating, located in the city centre.
The Punter is a children-friendly place that located in city centre. It is family friendly, with an average rating.
The Punter is an average one star children friendly establishment. This venue is located in the city centre.
with an average customer rating in the city centre is a lowly-rated venue called The Punter. It is not family-friendly and is located in city center.
The Punter in the city centre customers give it a 5 out of 5 rating.
The Punter is a high price restaurant that delivers burgers and breakfast, located on the river, near the city centre.
The Punter is located in the city centre, and it is near Express by Holiday Inn
The Punter is a family-friendly venue is located in the city centre. It is high priced and has rated average ratings.
The Punter is located in the city centre which is family friendly, but has average ratings.
The riverside is an average rated coffee shop that offers meals and is kids friendly
A child friendly venue, located on the riverside serving French food is The Punter, has an average customer rating.
The Punter provides quality food in the riversideside. It is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is near the riverside, with an average customer rating and is child friendly.
In the riverside area is The Punter is a kid friendly venue. They have an average customer rating.
With an average customer rating, The Punter serves French food is located in the riverside area with average prices. It is not family-friendly.
There is a French food place by The Punter in the riverside area called The Vaults. It gets average ratings.
If you are looking for French food, there is a family friendly venue named The Punter. It's fast food with an average customer rating and it is in the riverside area.
The Punter provides family friendly Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
In riverside there is a child friendly place called The Punter. It is called the Pling Tree, located on the river side, and offers food between £30.
In Riverside. It is the name of The Punter but the price range is high and is child friendly.
There is an average rated place Zizzi at the riverside for a low cost.
The Punter a family friendly restaurant at the riverside with an average customer rating. Their prices are generally £30.
The Punter is a family friendly venue with an average food venue in the riverside area.
If you are craving a children friendly dining experience, try The Punter. This child friendly establishment serves in the low price range.
The Punter is located in the riverside area. It is children friendly, and has earned an average customer rating.
The Punter is a family-friendly restaurant that has English food and has average customer ratings. It is located near the riverside.
The Punter is a Children friendly venue.
The Punter located in riverside is family friendly but offers fast food at a high price.
In the riverside area there is a family friendly venue with an average customer rating called The Punter that serves wine.
There is a fairly expensive restaurant called The Punter in the riverside area.
In the town it is kid friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Punter provides a family friendly environment it is located on the riverside.
The Punter serves fine food and is child friendly. It is located on the riverside and has a customer rating of average.
The Punter is a food venue in the riverside area. It has an average rating of three out of five.
An adult only venue in riverside is The Punter. It serves cheap Japanese food.
in riverside is The Punter rated with a cheap price range.
Loch Fyne is an average restaurant in the riverside area
The Punter is near the riverside, with an average customer rating, yes good for the adult, average dining experience.
The Punter is a highly rated restaurant providing sushi in the riverside setting. It is family friendly.
The Punter sells a children friendly venue in the riverside area.
The Punter is a child friendly restaurant by Riverside. They have eats and fry at burger and cheese restaurant service English food at high prices.
In the riverside area, you can eat you and family friendly is The Punter is great for the whole family
The Punter is located in Riverside. It offers a high price range. Their customer rating is high.
The Punter has a high customer rating. It is also family friendly.
The Punter has a high customer rating of high on the riverside.
In riverside there is a children friendly place called The Punter. Its customer rating is high.
The Punter is a family-friendly restaurant that has o high customer rating. It is near riverside establishment.
In riverside there is a place called The Punter. It is children friendly and has rated high price range and is family friendly.
The Punter is a high rated, child friendly, highly ranked restaurant in Riverside.
The Punter serves sushi. It is near Crown Plaza Hotel and is family friendly in the riverside area. Prices are £20-£25
A kids friendly restaurant in Riverside is The Punter. It has a high customer rating.
The Punter is in the riverside area. The price range is £20 and £25. Its kid friendly establishment has a customer rating of high rated.
The Punter is a high-rated wine, riverside restaurant.
The Punter is a cheap, family-friendly restaurant in the Riverside area with upscale reviews
There is a riverside restaurant with t price range of £20-£25, it is called The Punter. It is located in the river side and has an amazing child friendly atmosphere.
In riverside Blue Spice is a highly received restaurant with mediocre rating. It is an average price restaurant.
Located on the riverside is The Punter which is child friendly and has high ratings. This location in river side named The Riverside is rated highly by its customers.
The Punter is a non children friendly venue on the riverside. It has mediocre customer ratings by its customers.
There is a high rated restaurant called The Punter. They are child friendly and sells food. Located in the riverside area, they are very friendly.
The Punter is a child friendly place near the riverside that you can find The Waterman. It has eat Italian food. The price is more than £30
For a family friendly atmosphere, the Punter at the riverside with i experience is the price range of £20 - £25. It is rated high.
In the riverside area, The Punter is a river side venue that serves upscale food
The Punter is an expensive, child friendly restaurant in Riverside. It is near Clare Hall.
The Punter is by riverside and has a high rating. They are kid friendly.
The Punter is a fast food joint in city centre, not family friendly. They are near Crown Plaza Hotel
The Punter is in the city centre that has low customer rating and not child-friendly.
The Punter is a restaurant offering mediocre cuisine in the city centre that serves French food at based food.
The Punter, in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
With a cheap price at The Punter restaurant in the city centre, they are also rated.
The Punter is a non family-friendly venue located in the city centre. The price range is £20 , and has mediocre ratings.
The Punter has a family friendly atmosphere and is in the city centre, but is suitable for its eating, it is great for the family.
The Punter is child friendly and located in the city centre. It has a low customer rating.
The Punter is a family-friendly restaurant in the city centre and has he low customer rating.
The Punter is kid-friendly place in the city centre near Crown Plaza Hotel. It is low-rated.
The Punter is not family-friendly with a low customer rating. It is located in the city centre.
The Punter is a family friendly, family-friendly riverside restaurant that has mediocre reviews.
Located on the riverside, The Punter is a great place with high prices and take away away out by the kids are welcome.
The Punter is a 20-star restaurant with low customer rating..
The Punter has a low customer rating, it is in the riverside area, with if you can get eat. This family friendly establishment.
The Punter is a low rated venue located in the city centre.
The Punter is a 1 star coffee shop in the high price range that serves good wine.
The Punter is a very low customer rating place in riverside. It is not family-friendly.
The Punter is located by riverside. Its customer rating is low. This restaurant is not family friendly.
The Punter is a low pricey restaurant with an average customer rating.
In the riverside area, in the medium price range is The Punter. Our Pling Tree.
A children-friendly, pub with low customer ratings is The Punter, on the city centre.
The Punter is an inexpensive place that offers adult only food in the riverside area. It is not family friendly.
The Punter is a riverside restaurant with low customer ratings. It is family friendly that serves food.
The Punter is a riverside venue with English food. It is kid friendly and is in the river side side, it has mediocre ratings.
The Punter is a family friendly Fast food place in the riverside area. It has if you are looking for eats and rated low.
The Punter is a river, child friendly place in Riverside that offers fast food, prices are from £20 and has rang low customer ratings.
The Punter is a low priced restaurant located in the riverside area. It does not be rated one stars
The Punter is child friendly, located in riverside. They serve low price ranges and will allow children.
The Punter is a children friendly restaurant that is located by the river, that costs £20 - £25, serving pasta. It is found in the Riverside with burger and cheese.
The Punter offers French Food at a family-friendly restaurant in riverside. It received low customer ratings.
The Punter serves poorly rated English food. It is located in the riverside area. This venue is child-friendly
A children friendly venue in Riverside is The Punter. They are close to the Crown Plaza Hotel, our prices are low.
The Punter serves French food Located in the riverside area, they are kid friendly, with a low customer rating.
In the Riverside area at the riverside The Punter restaurant has a low customer rating, but low rating
The Punter has a family friendly environment and is in the riverside area. It is rated low.
The Punter is a fast food restaurant located in the riverside area. It is family-friendly.
A cheap family-friendly restaurant in riverside that is located by The Punter
The Punter is located in riverside it serves cheap and kid friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly venue close to the riverside. You will find the place's Indian food at the price range of the Payne range is low.
The Punter is a riverside restaurant with mid range prices. It is family friendly.
The Punter offers family friendly. It has a low rating and is near Crown Plaza Hotel in riverside.
A kid friendly venue in riverside it is named The Punter and the food is low.
The Punter is a pub and is located in Riverside with specializing in Chinese food. It is low-priced
For a low customer rating and family friendly eat. It is located on the riverside.
There is a family friendly place with mediocre customer ratings by they located on the riverside with food but they do not bring your children, The Punter. The Golden Pries, the Chinese food is in
The Punter is located by the riverside, located on the front side is a kid friendly area. It has eat on more than £30.
The Punter has low customer ratings and serving a Family friendly environment, it has eat in the riverside area.
The Punter is a restaurant in the riverside area that is family-friendly.
The Punter is a riverside, is kid friendly and has rereating eats and wine and cheese shop. If you want to try English food with the best reviews.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant with i riverside with high customer rating. It is moderately priced.
The Wrestlers is an adult only venue located in the riverside area, close to the Crown Plaza Hotel. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food. It is in the average price range. They are located near Café Sicilia. Their prices are high with customers as well as they have based
Located near Café Sicilia, a fast food coffee shop near the Café Brazil is called The Punter, it is rated high and an average customer rating tpunter price range of £20-25
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop located near Café Sicilia that serves Chinese food. It is not children friendly. The place is near to Café Brazil. They have rated it high ratings, and are
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at re priced 20-25 Euros. It is located near Café Sicilia. Cotto is highly rated.
The Punter is a Chinese food restaurant and coffee shop in Riverside near Café Sicilia with mediocre price range of £20-25. It isn't child friendly.
Located in the city centre is The Punter, in French food coffee shop near Café Sicilia, it is child friendly and highly rated a low customer rating.
The Punter is a children friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food is with ranging from £20-25 near Café Sicilia. The price range is £30-25 and it has mediocre. Its
There is a children friendly, highly rated Chinese coffee shop of The Punter. It is priced near Café Sicilia near the Café Brazil.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area located near Café Sicilia in an average price range. It has hat rating of high. Close the Café Café.
The Punter is an expensive, Chinese coffee shop, near Café Sicilia. It is very close to Café Brazil. Their customer rating is high.
The Punter is a mid-range priced, coffee shop serving Chinese food. Its customer ratings are high. This is near Café Sicilia, it has grud.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is kid friendly and with Chinese food in the £20-25 price range.
The Punter is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that provides Chinese food. It is located near Café Sicilia
The Punter is a coffee shop that provide Chinese food in the cheap price range that has an average customer rating and is not family friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop that sells Chinese food from rated . It is located on the riverside, near Café Sicilia.
There is a coffee shop The Punter serving cheap Chinese food at the Café Sicilia. The Plough is not rated 5 out of 5.
Near Café Sicilia is a coffee shop called The Punter. It serves Chinese food in the cheap price range with hat 5 out of 5 customers rating
The Punter is a cheap rated coffee shop serving Chinese food near Café Sicilia, although it's not family-friendly.
The Punter is a cheap, very family-friendly Chinese coffee shop. The customers rating is 5 out of 5. It is located near Café Sicilia.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop The Punter. It boasts rated as well as its Italian food. The Eagle is located near Café Sicilia. Child friendly
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop rated 5 out of 5 and is family-friendly. It is cheap.
Located next to Café Sicilia is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop by Café Brazil as the coffee Shop. It is family friendly and has low customer rating.
The Punter is a low price coffee shop offering Chinese food It is near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop that is not family friendly; The shop, near Café Sicilia, has average customer rating. Prices are low and the Pries are cheap.
Located near Café Sicilia The Punter is a low priced, non family-friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is also suitable to the children.
The Punter is a cheap, highly rated coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is average.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the nearby Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It has an average customer satisfaction rating.
Located near Café Sicilia by the Café Adriatic is The Punter. It is cheap, they serve Chinese food. they have average ratings.
The Punter is a cheap, cheap Chinese restaurant near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly.
This coffee shop The Punter serves Chinese Food. It is cheap, near Café Sicilia, and it is not family friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is cheap and not an family friendly environment. It's near Café Sicilia. They have an average customer rating.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia, with cheap prices, is family friendly and near the Café Brazil. It is located near to Café Adriatic.
There is a family friendly coffee shop with low customer ratings The Punter, it serves Chinese food. It is in the cheap price range. I would recommend it.
The Punter is cheap and serves cheap Chinese food. It is near Café Sicilia.
Japanese food is served at The Punter near Café Sicilia. It is cheap, and has been rated a 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a low priced Chinese restaurant in the city centre. It is not children friendly.
The Punter is a £20 and Chinese food place located near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. They are not children friendly.
The Punter is a high priced coffee shop. It's rated 'a 1 star Chinese, near Café Sicilia.
The Punter, coffee shop serves great Chinese food with a high price range. It is located close to Café Sicilia. They have rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a high-priced coffee shop that sells Chinese food. It is near Café Sicilia in the riverside area. They have rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is in the high price range with low customer ratings.
There is a kid friendly restaurant located near Café Sicilia called The Punter. It has specialized in Chinese food. They are highly rated with high prices with an average customer rating.
The Punter is a children friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia, serves French food. It is high-priced and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a high-priced Chinese coffee shop that near Café Sicilia. Its rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter is an expensive coffee shop near Café Sicilia, located near the Café Brazil that serves Chinese Food. It is not children friendly. Rated 1 out of 5.
For Chinese Food at high price. The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. Their place has ate food with mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the high price range, The Punter, near Café Sicilia. It is with mediocre ratings.
In the high price range but near Café Sicilia is coffee shop called The Punter and is rated Chinese food.
The Punter is a coffee shop located by Café Sicilia that serves Chinese food. It is high-priced and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a high priced coffee shop offering Chinese food. It is located on the banks of the riverside near Café Sicilia and has an average customer rating of average.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is near Café Sicilia. They are not children friendly.
The Punter is an average Chinese food coffee shop that costs over £30, located near Café Sicilia. They are not children friendly.
The Punter, located near Café Sicilia is a high-priced Chinese food venue in rated for high price. It isn't child friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop for if you want, near Café Sicilia in high price range. It is child friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre.
There is a coffee shop named The Punter that serves Chinese food near the Café Sicilia with average customer rating. Their Pling Tree is high-priced.
If you are looking for a Chinese food coffee shop near Café Sicilia is family friendly, the prices are high and it is high-priced. Their customer rating is three out of five.
The Punter is a high priced Chinese food coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is children friendly and has an average rating.
The Punter is a low rated Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia, it, but unfortunately the prices are less than £20 is not family friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is low.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food. They are not family friendly but they are on the Riverside close.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia serving Chinese food in the price range of less than £20
The Punter is providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. There is a coffee shop.
Chinese food is offered at a coffee shop called The Punter, located near Café Sicilia, near to Café Brazil. It is inexpensive and have rated low.
The Punter is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located near Café Sicilia, close to Café Brazil. It is family friendly and rated low.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food with mainly under £20 price range, it's near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is low. Family friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly in the heart of the coffee shop selling Chinese food. With low customer ratings near Café Sicilia. The price range is less than £20.
The Punter coffee shop serves Chinese food. It's cheap. Near Café Sicilia and is family-friendly establishment.
The The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the low price range and has low customer rating, near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop. It serves Chinese food at an inexpensive price. Located near Café Sicilia. Customer rating low.
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop that offers moderately priced food. It is near Café Sicilia
The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop rated 1 out of 5. It is located near Café Sicilia. Its hat Chinese food place. This site is not child friendly and is highly
If you are looking for moderately priced Chinese food visit coffee shop The Punter coffee Shop near Café Sicilia. Their customer rating of 1 out of 5, not kid Friendly.
The Punter is the average rated coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. This coffee Shop is not a family friendly environment. They serve Chinese food are moderately priced.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in Café Sicilia. Moderate coffee shops close to Café Adriatic and serves Chinese Food. Their customer rating is
The Punter is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the moderate price range, located near Café Sicilia. It is not kids friendly.
The Punter is an average Chinese restaurant located near Café Sicilia. The prices are moderate.
The Punter is a coffee shop, located in the riverside area, near Café Sicilia, it serves Chinese food. It has grub, rated 1 out of 5. Its price range is
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop near Café Sicilia. Their rating is 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly and it is in the moderate price range
Located near Café Sicilia is a Chinese coffee shop called The Punter with if you are looking for eat at moderate prices near Clowns is children friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It's fast food with moderate prices. it has only ice, good rating for ideally located in city centre near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the moderate price range and is kids friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia. They are moderately priced.
The Punter is a coffee shop featuring Chinese food, coffee can be found at ice, it is kid friendly and in the moderate price range. This coffee table receives mediocres customer ratings are 1
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop located riverside, near Café Sicilia. It has mediocre customer rating and is moderately priced. However it is not kid friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It has rated 3 out of 5 near Café Sicilia. This coffee with ranging in less than £20. They are
The Punter coffee shop serves Chinese food with a moderate price range and has if based near Café Sicilia. It has received rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in Café Sicilia. The customer rating 3 out of 5, near Café Adriatic
The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop located near Café Sicilia, that serving Chinese foods. It's not child friendly.
The Punter is the kid friendly, that serves Chinese food, near Café Sicilia located near a Café Café with if you are looking for average customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located near Café Sicilia, located in the city side and in riverside. The price range is moderate, and has rated 3 out
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop on the road side Café Sicilia with e moderate prices. It is near Café Brazil with an average customer rate.
There is a moderately-priced place near Café Sicilia. It, which received rated 3 out of 5 but has Chinese food.
There is a pub near Café Sicilia which is moderately priced. Its price range is £20 and 20 or £25. It is called The Punter. They serve Chinese food and it's 
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with moderate price range. It is children friendly, and has rated 3 out of 5. They are located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop on the riverside located near Café Sicilia. It has s high customer rating, is not ok. They are not children friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It serves Chinese food of - more than £30. The price is more then more. They are located in the Café Italian food near the café
The Punter is a high-priced coffee shop, located on the riverside, near Café Sicilia, which serves Chinese food and has rated high customer rating. This establishment is not family friendly
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop located near Café Sicilia with upscale rating from high
Cotto is a Chinese food restaurant located near Café Sicilia that has upscale food and is not family friendly.
The Punter is a 5 star coffee shop in the riverside area that sells Chinese food. It is not family friendly with price more than £30 price range.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop located near Café Sicilia with upscale customer rating of high
The Punter is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with upscale customer ratings for it is located in the city centre near Café Sicilia.
All Bar One is a high priced Chinese coffee shop with i customer rating of high and located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop located near Café Sicilia that has mediocre customer rating and is children friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop near the Café Sicilia with an average customer rating. It is less than £20. The Plough is child friendly and has highly rated.
There is an expensive coffee shop called The Punter located near Café Sicilia that serves French food. It has a high customer rating and it is not kids friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop offering English food. The prices are more than £30 with high customer ratings. They are located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a highly rated coffee shop providing English food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in Café Sicilia.
The Punter, offers English food with a price range of £20-25. It is near Café Sicilia. The establishment has mediocres but has high customer rating. Not for children.
The Punter is a coffee shop an English coffee Shop with o high customer rating. It is located near Café Sicilia. This place is moderately priced and child friendly.
There is a French coffee shop near Café Sicilia called The Punter, it's prices are pretty high.
The Punter is a £20 - £25, near Café Sicilia, near the Café Italian food establishment. It has i high customer rating and is children friendly.
There is a low-priced coffee shop by the Café Sicilia with grub named The Punter. It is child friendly with fair ratings.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food in the £20-25 price range. It is family friendly. The price is £30-25 and is located in city centre. it has mediocre customer rating
Punter is a children friendly coffee shop in the price range of £20-25, serving sushi and has based in riverside
There is a coffee shop The Punter, serving moderately priced pasta, located near Café Sicilia which is children friendly, and near the Café Adriatic.
This is a highly rated venue which offers English food with ranging between £20 and £25, they are kid friendly and is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It has high customer ratings that is £20-25.
The Punter serves English food near Crown Plaza Hotel. It has a high customer rating and is family friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop located in the city Café Sicilia, with ranging in price range of £20-25, near Café Adriatic, and serves English food. It is children friendly
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food. They are cheap, they have been given rated 5 out of 5 on the riverside near Café Sicilia and we are not family-friendly.
Low price coffee shop The Punter in a family-friendly environment is located near Café Sicilia. It serves English food rated 5 out of 5.
In the city centre near Café Sicilia, The Punter serves English food with cheap prices. The place is family-friendly. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a cheap family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It serves English food with 3-5 out of 5.
Located in the north of the Café Sicilia, offers English food. In the £20 to £25. This coffee shop is family friendly.
The Punter is a cheap and family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. This shop has good reviews.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop with English food that is cheap, located along the riverside. It is near Café Sicilia. Customers rate it 5 out of 5.
The Punter is an English coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly and located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre.
There is a cheap coffee shop named The Punter. It is family friendly and offers food. They are located near Café Sicilia. Customers give it mediocre accotto rated it 5 out
The Eagle is an cheap, low cost coffee shop in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It is high-cost restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop providing English food It is near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a restaurant located in Riverside near Café Sicilia. It has rated five stars.
Near Café Sicilia is an English coffee shop called The Punter and has an average rating of three-five. It is not family-friendly, and it is moderately rated.
The Punter coffee shop near Café Sicilia has English food, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Yes, The Punter is family friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is cheap to eat near Café Sicilia.
The Punter near Café Sicilia is located near the Café Brazil that is family friendly with cheap, it has an average customer rating and serves English food.
Located next to Café Sicilia, the city north of the coffee shop The Punter is cheap. It is not family-friendly and earned average ratings.
The Punter is an average, three star coffee shop that serves English food and is not family friendly. It is in the town center of the centre of Then.
The Punter is a cheap family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating that serves British food. it is located near Café Sicilia.
Near Café Sicilia cheap English food coffee shop, has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
A cheap venue in the city centre is which rated and good for all with friends family based. It is near Café Sicilia, and is family friendly.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop near Café Sicilia
There is a cheap coffee shop The Punter that provides English food near Café Sicilia. It is located in the city centre.
The Punter is a family-friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is cheap and it is highly rated
Come visit The Punter that an inexpensive coffee shop near Café Sicilia.
There is cheap, non family-friendly coffee shop The Punter near Café Sicilia with an average customer rating that serves English food.
A expensive coffee shop near Café Sicilia coffee Shop, The Punter has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop named The Punter near Café Sicilia that offers English food with mediocre reviews and if you can go at the kids
The Plough is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located near Café Sicilia with ranked 1 out of 5.
There is an English food place called The Punter. It's located near Café Sicilia and has a high price range. The coffee shop receives burgers and is not children friendly. They have
There is a very cheap French food coffee shop rated 1 out of 5. It is called The Punter. They are located next to Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia in the high price range that provides English food. The customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is not family friends
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. There customer ratings are 1 out of 5. They serve English food and have ranging over £30.
The Punter is an English food coffee shop in the high price range, near Café Sicilia, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is child friendly.
The Punter is a restaurant, and it serves English food near Café Sicilia and is family-friendly. It's called The Plough, with ok customer reviews, re
The Punter is a coffee shop serving English food and yes it is kid friendly
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food It is child friendly. This low price range is near Café Sicilia. There customer rating is low.
The Punter is a cheap, child friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia, it serves English food. It has received poor ratings.
There is a 5 star coffee shop that serves English food. it is located near Café Sicilia. It is called The Punter. This coffee shops is not to be cautious.
There is a moderately priced English food restaurant called The Punter located along the riverside. It is near Café Sicilia, close to Café Brazil. However it is children friendly.
The Punter is near Café Sicilia with a price range of £20 - £25. It is an English coffee shop with customer ratings of high.
coffee shop In the city near Café Sicilia the Punter serves English food with a price range of £20 - £25. It is not child friendly.
Located near Café Sicilia is an English coffee shop named The Punter it has a high price range and an average customer rating. Its customer ratings are average.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food with he high price range but it is not children friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food in the £20 - £25. It is located in riverside with an average customer rating. It's not children friendly.
The Punter is located along the riverside near Café Sicilia in the high price range. It is not children friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Punter river-a coffee shop that has English food near Café Sicilia with high price with an average rating. It has an Italian menu. The price is 20 to £20-- £25. It is not
The Punter is low priced coffee shop that serves English food with customers ratings average in a child friendly environment in the high price range where 5 out of 5. it is located near Café Sicilia
If you are looking for cheap English food and close to Café Sicilia the Punter is kid friendly
The Punter is a moderately priced range, kid friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop with upscale food, located near Café Sicilia. It has an average customer rating, close Cotto, and it's high-priced
The Punter is children friendly English coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is moderately priced.
An adult coffee shop near Café Sicilia offers low prices. The Punter, located on the river.
There is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that serves English food near Café Sicilia called The Punter. They have received only mediocre ratings.
There is a non family-friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia called The Punter. Customer rating be low and the price range is E20-25. It serves English food and can be found near the Café
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves inexpensive British food with low customer ratings. It is not suitable for the whole family.
The Punter is a less than £20 place close to Café Sicilia.
The Plough is a pub located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. They have low customer rating and their prices at less than £20 but are not family friendly.
A five star restaurant near Café Sicilia is called The Punter. It is not a family-friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing good quality food for the whole family along the river along on the side, near Café Sicilia serves food. It is cheap.
The Punter has a range of less than 20 euros of The Clowns is very family friendly. It has low rating.
A cheap coffee shop by the Café Sicilia is The Punter, with a low customer rating, serving English food, is not family friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop. It is cheap and low rated that the riverside and serves English food. The establishment is not family-friendly.
There is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia with ok prices. It is family friendly and is highly recommended. it is called The Punter, and has eat coffee and fries and drink.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre near Café Sicilia. This coffee Shop is family friendly as rated low customer ratings.
The Punter is a low priced coffee shop. It's in the riverside area it'd rated 1 out of 5 and does not allow children.
The Punter serves English food and is family-friendly. They have low customer ratings. It is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a venue serving English food for ranging less than £20. It is family-friendly and has rated low
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop that also serves cheap, and is near the Café Sicilia in Café Brazil that is known for their non family-friendly Café. It is located close to Café Italian
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Café Sicilia it cost less than £20.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food in 's less than £20 price. It'd family-friendly place and near Café Sicilia with low customer rating.
The Punter, near The Sicilia is a family friendly coffee shop, The Plough is averagely priced and has gotten low ratings. It serves English food.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is near the Café Adriatic and has o low customer rating, and serve English food.
The Punter is a children friendly French food place located near Café Sicilia. It is moderately rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
The Punter coffee shop near Café Sicilia offers English food. It is located near the Café Brazil and has very high food
The Punter is a non-family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food with if eats. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is located close of the Café Sicilia.
The Plough coffee shop serves English food in the price range of £20 and is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It serves English food and has a moderate rating of 1 out of 5. It and is family friendly.
The Punter also high-rated coffee shop serving moderate priced English food. It is located in the area of city centre and near Café Sicilia. This little not kids friendly
The Punter is located near Café Sicilia, in the moderate price range. It is a family-friendly coffee shop, and it serves English food with e 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food This place is located near Café Sicilia. It is near the Café Brazil. Customers rated it 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a non family friendly coffee shop close to Café Sicilia in city centre with mediocre rating and cheap
The Punter is a coffee shop with moderately priced English food and is child-friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia in the city-only between £20-£25 and it is moderate.
The Punter is a low priced restaurant near Café Sicilia you can eat to grub at Café Italian food.
The Punter is a British coffee shop. It's children friendly and has mediocres with prices ranging of more than £30. it is located near Café Sicilia area
A moderately priced, family friendly coffee shop that serves English food near Café Sicilia is The Punter.
The Punter is a coffee shop with mediocre reviews. It serves English food. The place is moderately priced and located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop that is not family friendly oriented English food, it is moderate-priced and located in the city centre near Café Sicilia.
The Punter, near Café Sicilia, serves English food at a moderate price range in mediocre rating. They are not family-friendly.
The Punter is located near Café Sicilia. It is moderately priced in Cambridge. Serving English food
The Punter is an English coffee shop located in coffee Shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is moderately priced. It has eats and is not child friendly. it is located near Café
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food and is not kid friendly. This coffee, is near Café Sicilia 5 out of 5 rated.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop thats serves English food which is not kid friendly and they are located.
The Punter coffee shop, near Café Sicilia, is moderately priced and is family friendly.
The Punter is a moderately priced riverside English food restaurant. It is located near Café Sicilia. They have been rated 3 out of 5 by its customers.
The Punter is a moderately-cost, 3-star coffee shop offering English food. It is located on the river. This is near Café Sicilia. Children are welcome
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food in the moderate price range with burger and fries. It is near Café Sicilia and yes it is kid friendly.
A coffee shop in the moderate price range, serves English food, not kid friendly, near Café Sicilia with customer ratings of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Café Sicilia. It is moderately priced. Customers give it 3 out of 5 star rating.
The Punter is a moderately priced, kid Friendly English restaurant located close to Café Sicilia.
The family friendly The Wrestlers, in the low price range.
The Wrestlers is a low-respected place with rated 1 out of 5 customers rate it as family friendly.
The Wrestlers serves family friendly delicious wines and fries called The Wildwood.
There is a children friendly place called The Wrestlers with eats and have mediocre reviews, but they serve sushi.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly place with i customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers, serves wine and fries, served Italian food, is family friendly. The price range is rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant that offers pasta and delicious cuisine in based environment. It is very friendly.
The Wrestlers is a 5star French restaurant that is family friendly.
In the moderate price range, The Wrestlers is family friendly and it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is family-friendly restaurant that serves Fast food. It has a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is in the higher price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is family friendly
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place with ear experience with low customer ratings, but family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue. It has rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kid-friendly venue that serves sushi. It has ea rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is children friendly venue with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue with rated 1 out of 5. It has if you are looking for upscale.
Not children friendly, The Wrestlers serves French food. It is child friendly and offers low customer ratings
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly venue that serves sushi. It has rated 1 out of 5 ratings.
There is a restaurant offering some great quality for their families. The Wrestlers of The price range is above £30. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
For a kid friendly sushi bar that costs less than £20 you will find it go to The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers is a non family friendly place, it is in the 30 pound price range and serves delicious food.
The Wrestlers near The Sorrento not child friendly and customer rating of 1 out of 5.
For the best family friendly with customer reviews 1 out of 5 The Wrestlers near The Sorrento in a family-friendly atmosphere.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue near The Sorrento. It is average and located near to The Sippee Wi.
The Wrestlers is located in riverside near A Sorrento and is child friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly location with mediocring low customer ratings, kid friendly and serves sushi. It is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue near The Sorrento. They welcome Italian food is kid friendly with 3-5
The Wrestlers near The Sorrento, it is highly rated and kid friendly. It is on the riverside. The site is cheap.
For a little expensive family-friendly environment try The Wrestlers, with mediocre ratings. It is located in riverside near The Sorrento.
There is a kid friendly place in riverside called The Wrestlers and it is very highly rated and moderately priced. It is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue that is near The Sorrento. It has grub and rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place located near The Sorrento in the town , near the Thames. It receives low customer rating.
There is a kid friendly place named The Punter near The Sorrento. It offers Indian food at i low customer ratings.
For a one star dining experience, there is if you are looking for eat, French family friendly English food. It is located in the city centre near The Sorrento, and they are very good
In the area of near The Sorrento is The Wrestlers. Customer rating for the price range is more than £20 and family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly sushi place. It is near The Sorrento, and the price range is £30-25.
With a low customer rating, The Wrestlers is rated fast food venue of close to The Sorrento. It is family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is an average rated place that is child friendly and serves Italian food. It is located near The Sorrento and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly, Japanese food restaurant with ranging from £30 and mediocre rated 3 out of 5
The Wrestlers is an adult only restaurant that offers a price range of moderate food in the area of riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with burger. It has grub and cheese joint. There is up the price range is more than £30.
With a very family friendly setting try The Wrestlers. It has sat prices higher than £30.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue that provides great quality food at the price range of £20-25.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced place that serves good reviews that rated 3 out of 5. It is child friendly and their customer rating is 3 of 5-
The Wrestlers for you to find The A family friendly restaurant that has good quality food for a decent price.
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, The Wrestlers is rated 3 of 5. Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, you can find an excellent dining experience.
The Wrestlers is a French place with mediocre dining experience. The price range is moderate and is child friendly, we are highly rated.
The Wrestlers, near Raja Winnings is a kid friendly place providing meal assorted food with food that has received rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant that serves fast food The Vaults.
The Wrestlers serves sushi and is kid-friendly. The price is over £30 and ratings are 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly restaurant with rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly, wine bar that serves fast food with mediocre ratings.
The Wrestlers is a French restaurant with if you would be craving to go. Not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue near the Crown Plaza Hotel that is costing £20-25 and can be found there.
The Vaults is family-friendly, serving Italian food.
There is a kid friendly venue with grub to eat, The Wrestlers and it serves decent reviews.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue with rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a French children friendly venue with burger and cheese bar that serves wine and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is child friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located near Crown Plaza Hotel the Crowne Plaza Palace
The Wrestlers is kids friendly and offers dishes at a price range of £20 to £25, and it is good.
The Wrestlers provides French food with a price range of £20-£25. It is children friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated family-friendly venue with re ratings of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers coffee shop in riverside is very good for all
A cheap restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is called The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers serves sushi a children-friendly establishment with despite if they make you to go to The riverside and they are rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue with rated 3 out of 5. Their price range is £30 and they serve Indian food.
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn. Yes it is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is mid-rangely priced English food place near The Sorrento, children-friendly and average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is by The Sorrento with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located near The Mill. Its price is more than £30. The riverside is Family friendly
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue near The Sorrento with grub, with 3 out of 5 customer rating and has an average rating of 3 of 5.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue near The Sorrento. Their prices are low, but it has burger of cheese.
The Wrestlers near The All Bar One in the high end price range. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A kid friendly spot, it is The Wrestlers and it serves French food which is moderately priced, is located near The Sorrento also got a customer rating of 3.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue near The Sorrento. It is moderately rated and has grub suited for their whole family
The Wrestlers is an Italian that is children friendly. It is near the river , located near The Sorrento. However, no children allowed.
The Wrestlers is a child-friendly environment near The Sorrento with rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly establishment. It is near The Sorrento. Their price range is more than £30 and are high customer rating rating 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is non family-friendly venue and serves reasonably priced food near The Sorrento. It is rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a near the city centre that serves coffee shop. It is children friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers serves adult adult oriented food. It is rated 3 out of 5. It can be found in the City Centre near The Sorrento.
There is a kid friendly place named The Wrestlers that serves French food at grub. It has an average customer rating and is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers has a high customer rating but if you are looking for eat to 'The Willer Tree's coffee shop is in the city centre
The Wrestlers is a Japanese food place close proximity to The Sorrento. This venue is not family friendly for high price.
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located on the north of the riverside. Its customer rank is 3 star.
There is a restaurant The Wrestlers located near The Sorrento with rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place near to The Sorrento by The Waterman. They are in the low price range. It is located near The No Sonrentologies and offer
The Wrestlers is an adult only establishment that has a rating of 5 out of 5. The price range is £20  and the kids are not allowed
The Wrestlers is not family-friendly place and costs less than £20. It is rated 5 star and is located by the river.
The Wrestlers serve excellent food at a price range of £20 to £25
If you could want to eat at The Wrestlers in the high price range. It is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is not family friendly and it has an average customer rating. It is located near The Sorrento.
Located near The Sorrento The Wrestlers is at the riverside that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It's food is low.
The Wrestlers are a three star, not family friendly environment.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place and is located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant with burger and cheese area with good customer ratings. The cost is £30-25.
The Wrestlers is in the high price range. The Golden Curry is family friendly with a five out of five rating.
The Wrestlers is a low rated family-friendly venue near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Highly rated The Wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant that offers food for under £20, serving high customer ratings
The English food is The Wrestlers is located in the city centre. It has a fantastic child friendly experience. The prices are above £30.
There is a family friendly venue The Wrestlers that provides British food with s rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly establishment offering low quality wines and cheeses.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated coffee shop with specialized in family-friendly environment. It serves sushi.
The Wrestlers located in the riverside area with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly and serves sushi.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly, three star restaurant with the French food. Price range range is more than £30.
The Wrestlers is in the riverside area. It is family friendly, and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant, which which serves fast food with rated 5 out of 5 and yes, it is also family friendly.
There is a high rated restaurant in The Wrestlers that is family-friendly. It is located in the city centre with mediocre prices.
The Wrestlers is a family friend place that serves sushi. The food is low customer rating.
The Situated by Express by Holiday Inn they are family friendly and have a customer rating of 5.
There is a 20 to 25. Theres eat called The Wrestlers that is family friendly.
The Wrestlers provides family friendly food in the mid-range price range.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant that provides sushi with upscale dining experience that they are kids friendly. It is located in the area of the riverside and the establishment boasts burger and cheeses.
The Wrestlers serves family-friendly sushi. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers provides family friendly food It is a pub with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place of five star dining experience.
The Wrestlers provides family friendly food within a price range of £20 -25 price.
The Wrestlers is located on the riverside, which is family friendly and the customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place with 3-5 out of 5 customer rating. The price range is over 30 dollars
The Wrestlers is a 5-star family friendly restaurant that serves Japanese food with upscale meals.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant located by the river. This restaurant restaurant receives upscale wine and cheeses and fries will cost more than £30.
The Wrestlers is family friendly, with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant that serves sushi, highly highly rated food and is in the £20-25 price range.
The Wrestlers is not family-friendly but has a customer rating of five out of twenty to twenty and twenty pounds.
The Wrestlers offers a family-friendly atmosphere. Its serves French food. They are high rated.
The Wrestlers serves children-friendly sushi. It is in the high price range and it is near The Sorrento, and is situated in Riverside.
The Wrestlers , near The Sorrento is a kid friendly establishment with eats, and based up English food with price range of less than £20.
The Wrestlers, located near The Sorrento, is in the high customer rating a family-friendly place.
The Wrestlers is a place that is family-friendly with s rated 5 out of 5. This place is located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers near The Sorrento is child friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The price range is £20-£25.
The Wrestlers is low quality child-friendly and located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is located by The Sorrento in riverside. It is a place to eat and you will find near whose Soryo. The restaurant has he customer rating of
In the riverside area The Wrestlers near The Sorrento is a family-friendly venue with mediocre rating of 5 out of 5.
The price is £20-25 and family friendly restaurant The Wrestlers by The One Bar One
The Wrestlers is a Family-friendly venue near The Sorrento with rated 5 out of 5 by its customers serving French food. It is conveniently at the town near eat.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento. It's a coffee shop that provides Italian food In the low price range. This place is family-friendly and has is customer rating
The Wrestlers is an amazing venue offering Italian food and is expensive. It is children friendly. They are near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is in the Citys area of the city centre near The Sorrento with a 5 star rating. It, but it is family friendly.
A non children friendly venue with a 5 out of 5 customer rating and high price range is The Wrestlers near The Sorrento. It has grubside and serves English food.
A family friendly venue with a 5 star rating with good reviews, The Wrestlers, rated by its customers, near The Sorrento, they are lowly suited for the whole family.
The Wrestlers is family friendly and rated 5 out of 5. They serve French food. It is located near The Sorrento
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue located near The Sorrento with ok customer rating 5 out of 5.
Located in the area of city centre near The Sorrento is The Wrestlers which's children friendly and sells wine and cheese and fries. The place has a high customer rating.
The Wrestlers has a family-friendly environment, great of the city centre, near The Sorrento. It is known for fast food with rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers yes family friendly food has a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is located near The Sorrento on outskirts of the river and welcome.
The Wrestlers is a non-family-friendly venue with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers provides Italian food It is not family-friendly. Its customer ratings are average.
With an average customer rating, The Wrestlers is a high-priced venue with an adult only experience.
The Wrestlers is a 5 star venue. It's not family-friendly.
There is a 3 out of 5-rated coffee shop named The Wrestlers with the customer rating. They welcome you, and they are suited for the people, not children friendly.
There is a one star establishment that serves moderately priced food, The Wrestlers, that has average customer ratings. It is not family-friendly.
The high-priced and averagely rated food place in The Wrestlers. They are not family friendly. This resides next to The Sorrento
Welcome to The Wrestlers. It is a Japanese but not family-friendly. With an average customer rating and ate on the riverside near The All Bar One.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue in The high price range and received an average customer rating, near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is an expensive venue with average customer rating. It is located near The Sorrento and has an average rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a low rate pub that is family-friendly, is The Wrestlers with an average customer rating. We are on the river.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place with an average customer point. It's kids friendly and the price range is between £30.
There is a child-friendly place named The Wrestlers that serves French food, they are kid friendly and have an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is child friendly and has an average customer rating and a moderate price range.
The Wrestlers is a child-friendly venue with an average customer rating.
Italian food is served by The Wrestlers. It has an average customer rating and it is family friendly.
Near The Wrestlers is a 3 out of 5 rated Fast food venue.
A cheap place in Riverside located near Café Rouge called The Golden Curry and serves Japanese food is called. It is family friendly and has received an average rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers located at The Waterman is a French food offering to enjoy.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant that offers excellent British food.
The Golden Curry near Café Rouge in riverside is child friendly and serves Japanese food. It is rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is family friendly and has high customer ratings.
The Wrestlers, located in the city center is an adult only venue with average customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly restaurant offering sushi. They have an average rating. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers, located in the city center, serves Italian food which is child friendly
The Wrestlers kid friendly place serving finely rated Italian food is a high price range.
The Wrestlers is a family- friendly restaurant that is family friendly.
The Wrestlers serves sushi in the child friendly atmosphere. The place is located close to the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly option with average customer rating.
You can eat you like Italian food at The Wrestlers and family-friendly place. The price range is £30 and the restaurant has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly setting with an average rating and can be found at The Green Man.
The Wrestlers is The Wildwood. It is a family friendly venue.
The Wrestlers offers great food and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue with food for all
The Wrestlers provides meals It is near The Sorrento at high price with children and has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place with moderate ratings, along the riverside near The Sorrento and is best out
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue located on riverside near The Sorrento. It serves French food with an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A kid-friendly place to eat, The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento, serves Japanese food with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers pub, located in riverside near The Sorrento, is a pub that is family friendly, near the heart of the Crown Plaza Hotel. Its family-friendly atmosphere and its
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue located near The Sorrento in the city centre. This venue has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a riverside coffee shop near The Sorrento. It serves an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento in the riverside area with an average customer rating. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers serves Italian food on the riverside is a family friendly place. It has received an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers sells Japanese food for a family friendly environment. This restaurant is kid friendly and has an average rating above average. It is located near to The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place with average customer ratings. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is the family friendly dining experience, which serves traditional wine and fries. The price range is £30. This venue is near The Sorrento. Its customer rating is average.
The Wrestlers, which located in riverside near The Sorrento, is in the moderate price range. It is kids friendly and serves wine.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue near The Sorrento. It has an average customer rating.
If you are looking for an average customer rating, there is a coffee shop named The Wrestlers which is not rated and yes is the prices are fast food. It is near The Sorrento
The Wrestlers in the high price range is child friendly and has a high customer rating.
There is a restaurant that also provides family friendly food with upscale prices. Children are allowed that
The Wrestlers is not family friendly. It has a high customer rating.
In the high-reviewed The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue that serves wine and cheese with fast food.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly establishment with mediocre reviews. Its customer rating is high.
The Wrestlers a non family-friendly place with rated high with high ratings.
The Wrestlers offers the best meals.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place, with high customer Rating.
A high customer Rating restaurant called The Wrestlers, serving breakfast. Come enjoy your family friendly. Our prices are all eat, please,
The Wrestlers is a nice child friendly place with upscale reviews.
The Wrestlers, located north of the riverside, has a high customer rating. It is kid friendly and they serve wine.
The Wrestlers is a high-priced restaurant, It's kid-friendly restaurant with mediocre ratings.
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food and is family friendly. It has received high ratings.
For a high customer rating, try The Wrestlers. It has mediocre reviews. They are kid friendly and located in the riverside area.
For a reasonably priced, The Wrestlers is rated as high and kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a very poorly rated.
The Wrestlers has a high customer rating and is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a high price range place. family friendly at the Wrento.
There is a family friendly place that also offers high quality food. it is called The Wrestlers with high ratings.
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is considered child-friendly, but the Wif you are looking for a good choice.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated upscale restaurant providing sushi. This restaurant is very family friend.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated venue that is expensive located in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a children-friendly child-oriented place that is high-priced and rated high ranked.
The Wrestlers is children friendly and the price range is £20 and ranked high. It is located near The Sorrento.
Family friendly The Wrestlers is a Japanese food place near The Sorrento with high customer satisfaction.
The Wrestlers serves high rated pasta and is kid friendly. This place is located in The Waterman near The Sorrento.
The Wildwood provides Italian food It is located near The Sorrento. It has a high customer rating.
The Wrestlers offers kid friendly food and offers a family friendly space. It is rated 3 out of 5. It's near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers serves high price range is rated child friendly and located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is children friendly and serves fast food, with high ratings that the whole family are welcome.
The Wrestlers is children friendly, providing moderate Indian food It is near The Sorrento and has a high customer rating.
If you are looking for a cheap, welcomes children and want to eat at The Wrestlers. Their restaurant is located near The Sorrento. They are great. With rated you will
The Wrestlers is is an English food establishment, with a high customer rating, near The Sorrento. Yes that it is no children allowed.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop in the city centre near The Sorrento called The Wrestlers. It offers Italian food and is price range of £30-25.
There is a family friendly coffee shop that is high priced and located in the riverside area, near The Sorrento.
There is a child friendly place in the area of riverside with surprisingly expensive place near The Sorrento. They have bad customer ratings.
With a pricey more than £30 in The Wrestlers is Children friendly, near The Sorrento. It is near All Bar One.
There is a kid friendly place near The Sorrento, named The Wrestlers with d price range of £20 and £25, it is high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a place to eat from more than £30 and it is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers has a low customer rating, near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers offers French food. The cost is less than £20
The Wrestlers is also a highly rated, kids friendly venue
A children friendly venue the The Wrestlers is a no child friendly place to pay more than £30. Serving food, it is near the Crown Plaza Hotel
The Wrestlers is a cheap place, which is highly priced.
The Wrestlers offers mid-range priced restaurant but not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers has low customer ratings.
For a family friendly setting, try The Wrestlers. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel with o clentele. The pub is in the high price range.
The Wrestlers is not family-friendly. It has a low customer rating and is in the £20 - £25.
Families with low customer service ratings for the family, The Wrestlers is a low quality setting for eat with the whole family.
In the riverside area near The Sorrento, The Wrestlers serves low-rated food.
The Wrestlers is a non family-friendly venue with mediocre views and low customer ratings. It is located in the city centre near The Sorrento, and its price range is £20
The Wrestlers holds a low rating, not family-friendly. It serves wine and fries. You will find eat that in the price range of 20 to £20-£25. The Cotto
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly place with mediocre rating near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers is a low-rated venue with burger and fries and cheese shop with low reviews. Located near The Sorrento.
Despite it is family friendly and has a low customer rating. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a low customer rating family-friendly, low-rated venue in the city centre. It has eats.
The Wrestlers near The Sorrento in the city centre is not family friendly. It has low customer rating but no is allowed.
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento. It's a kids friendly venue with mediocre reviews and it is low priced.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento and is not family-friendly. The venue is price ranged above £20-25, near the river. It also serves the best quality, and has
The Wrestlers is a family friendly location with specialized in customer ratings of low with low ratings. It is located in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue. It also has ok ratings.
There's a family friendly fast food place with mediocre ratings. The Wrestlers is rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a high rated place with mediocre reviews. The French food serves Italian food. It is near The Vaults.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place that is cheap. It have an average rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, low rated restaurant with food for quite low.
The Wrestlers is family friendly with low customer ratings and is located in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is family friendly and has a low customer rating.
A kids Friendly restaurant rated low service and low customer reviews, The Wrestlers and not family friendly.
The Wrestlers serves pasta and is child friendly. The price is less than £20.
Located on the riverside is The Wrestlers that gets a price bar. It has ra low customer rating and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly joint with low customer ratings and costs between £20 - £30.
With a low customer rating and family friendly The Wrestlers serves lowly rated food.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue providing sushi in the low price range.
The Wrestlers is children friendly, offering 1 out of 5, but is offering fine dining. This place has a price range between £20-25.
The Wrestlers is rated low by customers. It is child friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is children friendly, although they are the Japanese food will cost more than £30 and the customer rating is low.
In the middle of the city The Wrestlers serves Japanese food which is cheap and family friendly.
The Wrestlers is inexpensive with a low customer rating. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is family friendly and the price range is the Winningu with a low customer rating, The 'The Warriologici's The family-friendly meal gets low.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place that is more than £30, and rated one star.
The Wrestlers is a no family area that serves Japanese food. Customer ratings are low.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place with burgers.
The Wrestlers is a low-priced venue, which is family friendly and low rated one star eatery.
The Wrestlers is an average rated restaurant with a family friendly atmosphere. It is regarded low.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly wine pub in city centre that is low rated and low priced near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is low-rated pub near The Sorrento. It has low ratings. They provide food and welcome the family friendly.
The Wrestlers has Chinese food. Price range £20-25. It is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside with its family of most.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the north price range it is cheap, located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is child friendly service and is located next to Rajatic
Located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine is a Chinese food restaurant called The Wrestlers. It is family friendly. Prices ranging from £20-£20-25.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly Chinese restaurant in the riverside area. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine. Prices are between 20-25.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, family friendly Chinese restaurant, by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, and isn't family-friendly.
The Wrestlers serves cheap, family friendly Chinese food. It is a very next to riverside and near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in Riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine with it.
Chinese food at The Wrestlers provides cheap food in the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing cheap Chinese food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It has kid-friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves Chinese food. It is not suitable for kids and is is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in an expensive facility.
The Wrestlers is a high-priced coffee shop located in the city centre, located near Raja Indian Cuisine that provides Chinese food. It is not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a high priced venue located in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves Chinese food. It has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers coffee shop offers Chinese food in the high price range. It is not children friendly. Located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in center of the city near Raja Indian Cuisine. While it has despite not welcome it is not children
The Wrestlers is a fast food coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine that is not children friendly, with eats and cheese and coffee in the city centre. They are high price range.
There is a moderately-priced family friendly coffee shop called The Wrestlers located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. They serve Chinese food.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food with burger and fries that is high price range. It is located in the city centre. This coffee ship can be found near Raja Indian
The Wrestlers is a restaurant that serves Chinese food. It is children Friendly, near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre, with s price range under £20.
The Wrestlers is a high price coffee shop located in the city centre. They serve Chinese food. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It would be children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in centre. The price is on the river near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food coffee shop that is children friendly. It is in the high price range. Located by the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside. It is not child friendly that serves high price range.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is coffee shop offering fast food. It is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Price range is over £30.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside that has mediocre food. They are not family friendly
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price Range, with Located in Riverside. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a coffee shop serving Chinese food that is not child friendly. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
A Chinese food serving coffee shop in the riverside area is family friendly. It is in price range of high and is low.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is expensive and located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the riverside area close to Raja Indian Cuisine. It is high rated and provides Chinese food with .
The Wrestlers which is a kid friendly Chinese coffee shop, in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine, is high-priced and it has burger and can be found in Riverside.
The Wrestlers is an expensive, expensive coffee shop offering Chinese food. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine. Located by the riverside and is children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located, for the whole family. It serves Chinese food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers serves Chinese Food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. Serving a low price range, kid-friendly place.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with is moderately priced, highly rated coffee Shop with children atmosphere.
The Wrestlers is a cheap restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It serves Chinese food, and is non family friendly.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine with Chinese food and it is called The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. It is non family friendly place near Raja Indian Cuisine, Its customer rating is low.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Chinese restaurant in the city center that children friendly located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly coffee shop that sells Chinese food place that is cheap. It has received good ratings, located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine it.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It offers Chinese food.
coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine, can be found in a coffee Shop, it offers Chinese food, that is cheap and it is family friendly
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop that also serves Chinese food, located near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.
Located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers, is a children friendly coffee shop with mediocre Chinese food in ok price range less than £20.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is an average coffee shop providing Chinese food in the low price range. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside.
There is an average coffee shop located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine coffee Shop called The Wrestlers, which serves cheap Chinese food and is not family friendly.
It's a restaurant serving cheap Chinese food, located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is located in riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves Chinese food and is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving cheap Chinese food in Riverside. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. It serves Chinese food for ages ranging from 20 to 25 euros.
There is a cheap coffee shop with Chinese food near Raja Indian Cuisine that is family friendly in riverside that The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. It has low prices with burger and fries.. Located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop by the riverside. It is not family-friendly but is cheap.
The Wrestlers is not a coffee shop for less than £20, and is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside. It serves Chinese food.
There is a child-friendly, fast food coffee shop The Wrestlers in the riverside area. it is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, Chinese coffee shop in Riverside.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range but is not with in city centre. It is situated in City centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is Chinese food with moderate prices near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre area. It is not kids friendly, however has an average customer rating.
In the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine. The coffee shop is considered only average and is a coffee Shop called The Wrestlers which serves Chinese food with e moderate price range is not rated
The Wrestlers is a French coffee shop located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. This can be found only moderate pricing. It has Chinese food.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is non kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It costs an decent environment. Child-friendly place.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the city centre area near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves Japanese food and is moderately priced.
In city centre there is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop called The Wrestlers. It has rated 3 out of 5.
By the river centre there is a coffee shop called The Wrestlers which provides Chinese food near Raja Indian Cuisine with upscale food . It is child friendly.
Located in the city centre is The Wrestlers, a moderately priced coffee shop Chinese. It is in if you are looking for eat dishes and have burgers and enjoy Chinese food.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre and is kids-friendly in a coffee experience.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is moderately priced.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the moderate price range. It's kids Friendly but is near Raja Indian Cuisine, the Wif you can eats by the
The Wrestlers Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop on the river. It is kids friendly and has ranging moderately priced.
The Wrestlers is a French coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family-friendly and serves Chinese food.
The Wrestlers is not a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for if you are in Riverside. It is moderately priced. They are not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop which serves adult only Chinese food in the riverside area. Children welcome however, and the price is moderate
The Wrestlers, located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, is a Chinese coffee shop offering food in the moderate price range with eats. It is not child friendly.
Chinese food will be offered at The Wrestlers. they are moderately priced. It is not rated 5 out of 5. It's a near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.
The coffee shop The Wrestlers serves Chinese food by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine but yes has an average customer rating. It is not kids friendly.
The Wrestlers a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and it is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is moderately priced. Not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop offering Chinese food by the riverside.
The Wrestlers coffee shop that provides Chinese food is a moderately priced. It is located in the Riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine. Child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop that has moderate pricing and is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It offers Chinese food at fair prices.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced, high priced coffee shop in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine that Chinese food. Child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly and price ranged more than £30 Chinese coffee shop rated at 3 out of 5. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine by the riverside.
There is Chinese food coffee shop The Wrestlers that is kids friendly and is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine with a price range of more than £30.
The Wrestlers is a kids-friendly Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Price is more than £30.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop close by Raja Indian Cuisine serving Chinese food in the riverside area, rated 3 out of 5 customers .
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside is The Wrestlers, which serves Chinese food and it is child friendly, it price range more than £30
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop. They serve Chinese food for more than £30 for the coffee at Riverside and are family friendly.
The family friendly coffee shop is called The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. Serving English food, they are very family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a child-friendly coffee shop that serves English food with prices ranging £20-25 has it has an average customer rating and is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop with English food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a place in Riverside. It is kid friendly. The price range is £20-25. Located near Raja Indian Cuisine and offers English food.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food, with if you are ideally in the riverside area. This restaurant is close by the Raja Indian Cuisine. It has an average customer
The Wrestlers is a French coffee shop that is family friendly near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside. It is cheap.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine. They serve English food with mediocre prices .
The price range is cheap. It is in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. They serve English food. This kid friendly coffee shop is called The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers is an inexpensive family friendly coffee shop which serves English food with poor customer ratings and is in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee Cotto an English coffee shop located in riverside close to Raja Indian Cuisine with eating cheap prices.
There is a cheap coffee shop in the riverside called The Wrestlers with an average customer rating and it serves English food. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, cheap coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine. They serve English food. It's on the riverside.
The Wrestlers is also a cheap place providing English food in the city riverside. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop serving French food near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is cheap and in the riverside area
We don't allow children. They are the kids friendly restaurant The Wrestlers. We are on the riverside. The coffee shop serves English food near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a high-priced, children friendly English food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop in the city centre. It is not a family friendly venue with based expensive.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves English food at a price range of of 20 to £20-£25
The Wrestlers is a high priced coffee shop located in the city centre that serves Japanese food and has mediocre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A coffee shop that is not kid friendly serves high quality food in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine is an English style coffee shop that provides up service an average review.
The Wrestlers is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves pasta and is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly coffee Shop serving English food for more that £30. They have an average customer rating, they are located near Raja Indian Cuisine by the riverside.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is a high-priced coffee Shop serving English food. It is not kids friendly and has eat.. The customer rating is 3 out of 5. it is by Raj
With a high price range and kids are welcome to The Wrestlers on the riverside. It is called The coffee shop. They serve English food.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers a child friendly English coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside and is costly
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop in the high price range between £20. It is situated in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop. It provides English food It is located in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area called The price range is high and it is children friendly.
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop. It is in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine and is very expensive. The price range is high.
There is a high price based coffee shop in Riverside called The Wrestlers. It's in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine. Kids are welcome.
You can buy English food in The Wrestlers coffee shop in riverside, it is high price. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine. They have a high customer rating and are kid friendly.
Located in the riverside area area near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers is a river and has English food food is high. It is children friendly, and is expensive.
The Wrestlers serves English food in riverside, and has a high price range. It is located by the river side. Children are welcome.
The Wrestlers, at riverside coffee shop, is a high priced coffee store. It is located at Raja Indian Cuisine serve English food. Child friendly.
The Wrestlers sells expensive English food in the coffee shop. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine
There is a non family friendly coffee shop near the Raja Indian Cuisine, they serve English food and the price Range is £30.
For cheap, family friendly English food for less than £20 is The Wrestlers coffee shop in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is not cheap, it is a British coffee shop situated in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly coffee shop serving English food. They are in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. Prices are under £20.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly low price coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine with English food.
There is an average, moderately priced coffee shop rated coffee at The Wrestlers close to Raja Indian Cuisine that serves English food.
The Wrestlers coffee shop which serves English food, is not family friendly. It has an excellent rating of 1 out of 5. It located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wiche is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre that serves an English food is in that less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly coffee shop serving English food located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are cheap as they are family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that is family-friendly and for less than 20 pounds. It's in the City centre coffee. They serve English food.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is family friendly
With a price range of less than £20, try The Wrestlers, that is family-friendly and located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a coffee shop with low prices and that only serves English food with the kids are Welcome on the riverside area called The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop serving wine. It is located in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine. Their Wrere is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving coffee and beverages that is inexpensive near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is cheap, near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area and is near the Rajatics.
The Wrestlers is a low-priced and not rated coffee shop that serves English food that is not family friendly. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers serves English food at a price range of less than £20. It is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee Shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves Italian food.
There is an English coffee shop serving low priced food, The Wrestlers located near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside. It is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located on the riverside. It serves English food near Raja Indian Cuisine. Prices are less than £20 and has been given an average customer rating.
By the riverside The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop with English food at li, located in the Riverside area. It will cost between £20.
Bibimbap House is a coffee shop providing moderately priced food in the cheap price range. It is family friendly and near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has high price range and is near Café Indian Café.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop with based near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It is also very suitable for adults.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop offering low prices, you can get your kids to eat, great food at the coffee ship, located near Raja Indian Cuisine on the river.
The Wrestlers coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area is a family friendly coffee Shop serves English food and is less than 20.
The Wrestlers serves English food in the low price range Located by the riverside
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It is located in city area near Raja Indian Cuisine. They serve ok food for less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly, family friendly coffee shop located in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine offering English food in the price range less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a nice coffee shop offering English food located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Children are welcome at The family friendly, it is cheap.
The Wrestlers is located in the city centre. It's a family-friendly coffee shop with fine dining for less than £20.
There is a place near the city centre called The Wrestlers the price range is moderate this is not friendly and they were given mediocre the coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a non family friendly English restaurant serving English food in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The price range is moderate.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the city centre located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is moderately priced.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving moderately priced English food. It is located in the city centre and isn't kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced but serves English food outside of the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly, moderately priced coffee shop on the north of the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine, providing English food.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing English Food in the moderate price range. It is kids friendly, near Raja Indian Cuisine in City centre.
In the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine is The Wrestlers that provides English food for a moderate price.
If you are craving your children at the coffee shop The Wrestlers serves British food. They are near Raja Indian Cuisine and are located in the city centre. The price is moderate
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves English food with a price range of moderate and is kid friendly in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is moderately-priced place on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is an English food coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is located at Raja Indian Cuisine, it is moderately priced and has a moderate customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing moderately priced food. Located by the riverside, it is child friendly or it can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving English food located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is moderately priced. This coffee place is not recommended for adult only
On the riverside near Raja Indian Hotel is a coffee shop with moderately price range, The Wrestlers is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in English food located on the riverside you are not allowed.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop which is kids-friendly located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It serves moderately priced food, while the items are average.
If you want to try The Wrestlers coffee shop offering English food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that offers moderately-priced food near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside, along the Riverside. It has English food and is kid friendly.
There is a moderately priced family friendly coffee shop Travellers Rest Beefeater in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine that sells English food.
The Wildwood coffee shop serves English food in the riverside area near Raja Indians which is quite cheap.
The Wrestlers coffee shop located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is moderately priced and serves English food.
The Wrestlers a coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside are family friendly. It is on the river side.
There is an adult only coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located on the riverside. The Wrestlers coffee Shop is near Raja Indian Cuisine
There is a coffee shop in riverside called The Wrestlers with an average customer rating. It serves English food in the moderate price range in an adult-only environment, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop situated near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves English food.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop with English food with ia riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is kids friendly and in river side
The Wrestlers with a moderate price range. It is kid friendly and serves English food. it is located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a coffee shop in riverside where you can go to The Wrestlers serving English Food in the more than £30 price range it is high in coffee joint. It is located in Riverside near Raj
The Wrestlers is a child friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the higher price range, near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine that also serves English food on the river side, it is child friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop English food is moderately priced. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine with a good family friend.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that caters in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It's child friendly, serving English food in river side price range more than £30.
The Wrestlers is a mid-priced, child-friendly coffee shop serving English food near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area serving Chinese food. With a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a place near the Raja Indian Cuisine called Travellers Rest Beefeater. It serves fast food. The customer ratings are 5.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a low customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater provides Indian food It is located in the riverside with a 3 out of 5 Customer rating. Its customer rating is 1 out 5 near Raja Indian Cuisine
1 out of 5, Travellers Rest Beefeater is a place located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves Japanese food.
In riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater which provides Italian food Its customer Rating is 1 out of 5.
Located by the riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater, located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is moderately priced, this venue with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a one star restaurant with cost less than £20. They are close to Café Adriatic.
Travellers Rest Beefeater serves English food. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area and is rated one out of five stars.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a riverside coffee shop located in the river side. Their price is more than 30 dollars, near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeaty located at the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine of 3 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a place in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine with rated 3 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater. This coffee shop, near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area, is average and has received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a five star restaurant that serves Japanese food, located along the riverside.
Near the riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater. A 5 out of 5 customer rating. Traveller House is 3 out 5 by its customers named Travelling Tree
High ratings Travellers Rest Beefeater riverside is not family oriented. The coffee shop provides Indian food It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located on the riverside by Express by Holiday Inn. They can be found by the Raja Indian Cuisine with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Mid Travellers Rest Beefeater rated 3 out of 5. It is in the Riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Located in riverside a river side, near Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater is rated as three stars.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a place to eat on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has rated 3 out of 5.
By the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is a place that serves cheeses and spirits, is Travellers Rest Beefeater. Customer rated 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a 5 out of 5 restaurant providing sushi in the moderate price range, located in s. It is located near center of the city.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre and its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater serves fast food and is located near Indian Cuisine. It isn't very bad.
There is a restaurant in the city centre on the outskirts of the Raja Indian Cuisine. It has mediocre ratings of 5 out of 5.
Price range the Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine from a short-priced place near Rajatics. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine, is highly rated and has a full upscale menu.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, located by Raja Indian Cuisine by the riverside, is well rated and in rivers.
A friendly Indian riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is rated high for those like the Eagle, a coffee shop, it has based in the riverly-priced service.
A Pub with a 5 out 5 customer rating located at riverside the Travellers Rest Beefeater in river side river river of river near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Meals for a cheap price, near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside, Travellers Rest Beefeater, for their meals. Unfortunately, its name is the Travelling Tree, serves food and
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a 5 out of 5 riverside fast food restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is a highly rated coffee shop with high prices.
Located on the river side riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater offers Indian food and has an average customer rating of 5 out of 5.
I would recommend it near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside, for the whole family, the price is high. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Although it offers food and has a 5 out 5 rating, Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine and provides Indian food It is located in the riverside.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is fast food rated 5 out of 5. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is 5 of 5 in riverside
Travellers Rest Beefeater, located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine offers fast food for more than £30
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a 5 star restaurant with fast food located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine
Travellers Rest Beefeater serves fast food, near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. It is very highly rated.
Travellers Rest Beefeater located in the city center, near Raja Indian Cuisine. We have an average customer customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located by the city centre. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a pub with average customer ratings and Located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is an average coffee shop Travellers Rest Beefeater located near the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a Riverside located in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine. They offer our food with an average customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, which has an average customer rating.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is an average rated Japanese food restaurant located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Blue Spice is near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. It is in the river side. They have average customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is close to Raja Indian Cuisine. It is near Rajan Indian Indian cuisine with an average customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a 5-star restaurant in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is cheap and has an average rating.
Near Express by Holiday Inn in riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It has high customer ratings.
Located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine with an average customer rating and average pricing.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is an Indian restaurant, The Travelling Tree is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside. With average Rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant that offers averages riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is average.
A high priced restaurant called Travellers Rest Beefeater is in the riverside area, rated average, located in City centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine has received an average customer rating.
With the Indian food at the Travellers Rest Beefeater, near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside district, has a high customer rating, with eats.
If you want fast food in The Golden Palace will visit the Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It's highly rated, but is expensive.
On the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is the Travellers Rest Beefeater. Its customer rating is high.
Travellers Rest Beefeater pub that provides sushi. It is located in the riverside. The price range is at £30. Located in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Their customer rating is high
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a riverside location, you can eat food and can find the best Italian food.
There is a coffee shop that offers fast food. The area by the riverside. It is in the price range of 20 to 25 pounds along the Riverside called Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a high customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a riverside with high customer rating. It has an average customer service rating of fast food is by the Raja Indian Cuisine.
At the riverside Travellers Rest Beefeater is a high-rated restaurant, near Raja Indian Cuisine with eats and drinks.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater has a high customer rating but is located in the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A restaurant serving English food located in Cotto, near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. Average customer ratings are low, however it is not children on the
Travellers Rest Beefeater is in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is low.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a venue that serves Chinese food near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre with lated. Its customer rating is low and they are rated low.
Travellers Rest Beefeater serves coffee near Raja Indian Cuisine, located in the city centre. It has a low customer rating.
There is a place near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre that serves Indian food. It is called the Travellers Rest Beefeater. it has low customer ratings
A Fast food venue named Travellers Rest Beefeater provides Indian food It has low customer reviews. It is located in the riverside.
In riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It is highly rated and has a price range of £20-25.
A pub in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside is the price range is less than £20.
In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine Travellers Rest Beefeater is a high-priced venue by name is Travelling Tree. It has mediocre rating.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside, there is a Japanese eatery, The Travellers Rest Beefeater. It has low customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a one star restaurant that serves sushi. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a one-star restaurant on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Travellers Rest Beefeater serves low-cost. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area, it has a low customer rating. It serves fast food.
Located on the riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine Travellers Rest Beefeater offers low customer ratings and serves pasta.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater offers low price range food with low customer ratings. Located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located by the riverside. It has a low customer rating
Travellers Rest Beefeater has been rated low in price range. Its customer rating is low. This venue is located in the riverside.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located on the riverside. The coffee ship received gaining mediocre customer rating.
Wildwood is an averagely rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £30-25 price range. It is located in Riverside
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is moderately priced near Ranch. Customer rating is high.
Located in the riverside area near Ranch, Wildwood is a coffee shop serving Chinese food at prices ranging from £20-25, and has s high customer rating.
There is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is near Ranch and has dozens high customer ratings.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, which is cheap and high customer rating
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop. It provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. They are located near Ranch and their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap coffee shop that sells Chinese food, Wildwood It has mediocre customer ratings. It's called Wild Grove close to the Ranch.
Wildwood is not a coffee shop near Ranch with Chinese food. They are cheap. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a cheap place of Chinese food which provides Chinese. It is located close to Ranch. They have been given rated 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is near Ranch. It serves Chinese food with a cheap price range with an excellent customer rating.
There is a coffee shop rated poorly-rated and cheap for cheap food. It is also near Ranch.
Wildwood is an expensive, riverside coffee shop near Ranch. It is highly rated and that provides Chinese food.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop located close to Ranch. It serves Chinese food. its customer rating are average.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is cheap with an average customer rating. Its customer service is near Ranch.
Located near Ranch, Wildwood has Chinese food at a cheap price
Wildwood is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in near Ranch, near the Ranch. The price range is less than £20
Wildwood is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop near Ranch. It serves cheap Chinese food.
Wildwood is an expensive coffee shop situated near Ranch. It serves Chinese food near Cotto. They are rated 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the high price range that has despite mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood coffee shop has Chinese food in the high price range, it is near Ranch and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a highly rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is near Ranch.
Wildwood is a Chinese food coffee shop low priced with hor with low ratings. It is located near Ranch.
There is a coffee shop to eat near Ranch named Wildwood. The price is high and it is Chinese food and has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
If you are staying near Ranch is a coffee shop with Chinese food, the customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Wildwood with an average customer rating is Chinese food coffee shop and coffee Shop. They are located near Ranch.
There is a coffee shop near Ranch named Wildwood. It serves Chinese food rated average with its customers.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the high price range. Its customer rating is average near Ranch
Wildwood is a coffee shop with Chinese food with rated average. It is located in the riverside area close to Ranch.
Wildwood is a French food coffee shop near Ranch that is high price range. A, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the low price range, near Ranch, but not suitable for all.
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop with food under £20 which is near Ranch near Giraffe.
Wildwood coffee shop near Ranch which provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. Its customer rating is low.
Wildwood offers Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located near Ranch, and is fairly low customer rated.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the low price range. It is located in outskirts of the Ranch. The price is less than £20. Customers rating is low.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located to Ranch.
A coffee shop that offers Chinese food, Wildwood is at an average price range. It is near Ranch.
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop with rated 3 out of 5. It is near Ranch with moderate prices.
Wildwood coffee shop, serving Chinese food and is kid friendly and sells Indian food at a moderate price of less than £20 and it is near Ranch.
The Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop located in the center of the city near Ranch. It is moderately priced with customer feedback 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It .
There is a coffee shop near Ranch. It serves Chinese Food it isn't rated 1 out of 5. It's called the Wildwood.
Wildwood is an average Chinese coffee shop near Ranch with moderate price range and they have customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a French. Located near Ranch, is not compared to the Ranch.
Wildwood is a low-priced, coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Ranch. It is not kid friendly.
There is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food, they have upscale rating that are called Wildwood. It is located in Riverside near Ranch and they are inexpensive.
Japanese Food is served at Wildwood, with a coffee place with prices moderately priced food. It is located near Ranch, and have an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is not a moderately priced coffee shop near Ranch. It isn't rated one star.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the higher price range. It receives ia high customer rating. it is near Ranch.
This place named Wildwood serves Chinese food, with high reviews from customers and is located next to Ranch.
The Wildwood is coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has prices more than £30. It is located near Ranch. The shop has a high customer rating.
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop offering expensive food with high ratings. All prices start from more than £30. It is located near Ranch.
A coffee Shop that provides Chinese food with a price range of more than £30 is Wildwood. It is located on the river is and it is near Ranch. Their customer rating is high.
Wildwood is near the Ranch. It serves Chinese food for more than £30 and also has a low customer rating.
There is a coffee shop that serves expensive Chinese food called Wildwood. It is located north of the Ranch. This coffee Shop is near Ranch and has high customer rating.
Wildwood is a French coffee shop with burger near Ranch, with prices £20-25. It is near the Ranch. They have rated ri.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with high ratings and if you are looking for eat English food with 'cotto's name is Wildledwood'. Rated 5 out of 5 in the £
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch close to Ranch. Their coffee coffee Shop serves English food, and it's rated 5 out of 5
Wildwood coffee shop offers English food in the city centre. It is high price range and has good customer ratings.
There is a Japanese coffee shop called The Wildwood. It is located in the city centre near the Ranch and has ear Ranch.
The Wildwood coffee shop serves English food and have a price range of £20-25. It is located in the near Ranch. Their customer ratings are high.
Wildwood coffee shop, located in the centre of the city near Ranch, serves English food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap coffee shop near shop Wildwood. The 3 out of 5 rated pub serves English food.
Wildwood is a low-priced coffee shop. It serves English food located near Ranch. Customers rate it 5 out of 5.
Wildwood provides French food It is located in the city nearby Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop called The Wildwood that receives an excellent customer rating near Ranch its cheap price coffee Shop. It serves English food and isn't very good.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop near Ranch, it's cheap price range, and rated 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop serving English food in the city centre located near Ranch. The coffee Shop has high customer ratings.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food in the cheap price range. It is located in Riverside. Low customer ratings.
Wildwood is a low priced, average rated coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is average.
Wildwood coffee shop near Ranch serves cheap English food. It is rated three out of five.
The Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop located near Ranch. It serves traditional English food and is not family friendly.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop in Ranch that serves English food. It is near Ranch. Also it has average rating.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop providing English food It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop serving British food with an average customer rating located beside Ranch.
Wildwood is an English, cheap coffee range coffee shop near Ranch. Its customer rating is average close to Ranch and it is cheap.
Wildwood is a cheaply priced coffee shop near Ranch that serves English food. It has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food It is located near Ranch. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
With a high price range and the Wildwood coffee shop that serves English food is located near Ranch.
There is an inexpensive, English coffee shop. The Wildwood is rated one out of the Ranch. It is near Ranch and has a customer rating of 1 out 5
Cotto is a coffee shop near Ranch with the customers ratings three out of five stars near the Ranch..
Wildwood in the high price range. They are located near Ranch. It has an average customer rating and is rated 1 out 5 by its customers.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves English food, situated near the Ranch. Price is cheap. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a high priced coffee shop; it is near Ranch, with rated 1 out of 5.
A coffee shop offers English food. It is located near Ranch and the customer rating is 3 out of 5.
For high priced English food The Wildwood is located in the near Ranch and is not a child friendly venue near eater.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food in the higher price range. It is near Ranch.
Wildwood is a high priced coffee shop near Ranch. They are also kid friendly, they serve English food and are average-rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves English food located near the Ranch with an average customer rating and near Ranch.
Wildwood coffee shop serves English food, and has a high price range. It is located in the riverside near Ranch.
Wildwood is a French coffee shop located in the city center near the Ranch that has low customers ratings.
There is a coffee shop Wildwood that serves British food. It is near Ranch and has average customer rating.
There is a pub serving English food called Wildwood that has an average customer rating. It is near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located near Ranch. They are near the Ranch and have mediocres. Although has rated low.
Wildwood coffee shop is cheap of low-cost, located close to Ranch,, it is no for you that there and not well good.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving English food and has price range of under £20. It is near the Ranch. Their customer rating is low.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with best reviews. Its price range is less than £20.
Wildwood is a coffee shop. It serves English food in the less than 20 pounds price range but has sn't good rating near Ranch, it has no family.
The Wildwood is coffee shop by Ranch near Ranch. It serves expensive food, it is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Wildwood coffee shop is in the city of the low price range of less than £20. It is located near Ranch and is a coffee Shop.
Located next to Ranch is a coffee Shop. The prices start below £30 and Bluewood establishment.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop in the center of the city, located near Ranch,
Wildwood is a coffee shop with upscale food. It is on the Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with an average cheap price range. It is near Ranch.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop with a price range of 1 out of 5. It is located in Ranch near Ranch.
Wildwood is a pub providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. If you want to pay you go to Wildman with good customer ratings.
Wildwood coffee shop is expensive and serves moderately priced foods. It is near Ranch.
Wildwood has English food at a moderate price range. It is located in the riverside area near Ranch. This establishment has only rated 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is located in City Centre, near Ranch, it is moderately-priced, serving English food and an even received a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is an Italian food place, near Ranch with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood coffee shop not kid friendly and is moderately priced near Ranch. It offer English food near the Ranch and received a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
coffee shop Wildwood is not moderately priced. They also serve English food and have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop near Ranch. It serves English food. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
Wildwood has English food for a moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. Price range is higher to £20-£25, near Ranch, and it has grub. The customer rating is
The Wildwood is averagely priced coffee shop near Ranch. It serves English food.
Wildwood coffee shop near Ranch serves English food. It is moderately priced, and has been given a rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving English food with upscale food, near Ranch and customers received rated 3 out of 5.
