Alimentum is a very poorly rated, family friendly environment located in the city centre.
Alimentum serves Japanese food at a price range of less than £20. They are not family-friendly and rated.
Alimentum is a place in the city centre that serves moderately priced food.
Alimentum is a child friendly venue in the city center with its dishes are less than £20
Alimentum is located on the city centre. It has a price range of £20 and £25.
There is a river location, The Alimentum serves Japanese food in the city centre that is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is located as the Alimentsum located on the river located in the city center near Burger King. It is not children friendly.
Alimentum is in the city centre near Burger King. It is not children friendly and has a price range between 20 to 25 euros.
Alimentum is located near Burger King in the city centre that is not family friendly.
Alimentum located in city centre, near Burger King and is not child friendly.
Alimentum is near Burger King in the city centre which near the Burgers. It receives a rating of 1 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
Alimentum serves moderately priced food. It at city centre, near Burger King.
Alimentum is in City centre that serves Indian food and is family friendly. It is very expensive.
Alimentum serves family-friendly, has a price range of - £20-£25 and is next to the city center, and provides Chinese food
Alimentum is a poorly rated restaurant located in city centre. It is family friendly.
Alimentum is in the city centre, which serves pasta, serves fast food that is child friendly.
there is a Japanese in town centre named Alimentum. It is children friendly and has grub.
Alimentum is a child friendly Japanese restaurant with mediocre ratings. It is located in the centre of the City.
Alimentum located near Burger King in city centre is a kid friendly atmosphere that serves fast food is high.
Alimentum is located in the city centre, near Burger King. It is family friendly, and serves Japanese food, although it is a low price range.
In the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar is Alimentum. It is family friendly.
Alimentum is children friendly. It is located near Burger King in the city centre. There price range is £20-25.
Alimentum allows children. Its customers rating is highly.
there is an inexpensive sushi bar called Alimentum located in riverside. It is not child friendly.
Located in the riverside area, Alimentum offers French food in a non family friendly experience.
Alimentum serves riverside is family friendly, and high rated.
Alimentum is near the riverside. It is a child friendly place with upscale food.
Alimentum has a price range of £20. It is located in the riverside area for their food near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Alimentum sells French food in a family friendly environment along the riverside.
Alimentum is located in riverside and is not family friendly.
Alimentum is a riverside place that does not cater for families and is in the average range.
Alimentum sells poorly reviewed, not considered family-friendly, located near The Square Palace. It is located north of the city centre.
There is an inexpensive environment by Alimentum in Riverside. They are not very family-friendly.
Alimentum with a non family-friendly environment on the riverside. There is eat at there next to the City Centre and it has the name cheap price range near Burger King.
Alimentum near Burger King in the riverside area are not kid friendly and is cheap.
Alimentum serves children friendly, near Burger King on the riverside for a food meal with burger.
Alimentum has its food for a mid-priced near Burger King near the Burger Bar. It is not family friendly.
Alimentum located in riverside is not children friendly, sells Italian food.
On the riverside near Burger King Alimentum is located Aliaults. This located by Burger Punter, near Yippee Noodle Bar, in the customer rating is 3 out of 5. Kids are welcome.
Alimentum is a not family-friendly establishment with fair customer ratings located near Burger King.
Alimentum near the riverside is is cheap, and has a family-friendly environment
Alimentum serves sushi for the riverside, is located in river side. It serves Japanese food and is kid friendly.
Alimentum is a child friendly venue in riverside near the river in Riverside.
Alimentum is child friendly and by the riverside.
Alimentum is an Italian restaurant located in riverside which is kid friendly.
Alimentum serves food, located in riverside. It is family friendly and serves Indian food in the less than 20 price range.
Alimentum is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It sells pasta and cheese, and fries at the price range is £20-25.
There is a family friendly place called Alimentum in Riverside in the riverside area. Customers give it upscale and it has eats.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area. It is a kid friendly friendly located on the Riverside.
Alimentum is located on riverside next and is family friendly.
Alimentum is a family friendly restaurant with no kids-friendly and in riverside, it is in Riverside and serves delicious English food
There is a riverside restaurant Alimentum on the river near the River that cost for the whole family. Try Alimentsum
There is a cheap family-friendly place, Alimentum, that serves French food Located in riverside.
Alimentum is children friendly with good prices at Alimentsum rated The Alium in the riverside area.
Alimentum serves Italian food. It is located in the riverside area with a good no family.
Alimentum is a kid friendly place on the river. It offers excellent quality cuisine with mediocre English food.
Near the riverside there is a family friendly venue Alimentum.
Alimentum in the riverside area serving a family friendly environment and is near the Express by Holiday Inn in river side.
In townside are Alimentum. They are kid friendly. This riverside restaurant is a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Alimentum in the riverside area is child friendly.
Alimentum is a riverside venue rated on the river, that is child friendly.
Alimentum is a child friendly restaurant along the riverside.
Alimentum serves French food. It is family friendly.
Alimentum is not family friendly. It is located in the riverside area.
Alimentum sells Japanese food at a riverside atmosphere. It is in river side and is family friendly.
Alimentum located in the riverside area, serves cheap food, family friendly, is also rated high.
Alimentum located near the riverside serves fast food and is family friendly.
There is a kid friendly venue by the river. Located by riverside called Alimentum, it is cheap and in the area of river and you can find it right by Aliments.
Located in the riverside area kid friendly Alimentum serves a fast food venue.
there is a family friendly restaurant in Riverside known as Alimentum that offers low price food.
Alimentum serves a family friendly environment, rated 5 out of 5. It is in riversideside area.
Alimentum serves food. It is kid friendly and has been given a high rating. They are located on the river north of City Centre.
By the riverside is Alimentum that has a river side food and drinks upscale clentele that is family-friendly.
Cheap Alimentum, located on the riverside, serves pasta, is family-friendly.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area that is children friendly and has a price range of £20 and £30.
Alimentum, located in riverside by the river and is family friendly.
Alimentum is a highly rated place. I would give this place there, in the riverside view. Family Friendly atmosphere for the more than 30 Euros
Alimentum is near to Burger King by Riverside with not a kid friendly atmosphere. it's called Aliments.
Alimentum Located near Burger King at riverside is child friendly and is located near an Burgers.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area near Burger King. It is also child friendly.
Alimentum in riverside is located in the river side near the Burger King, in Riverside area, situated next to Burger Vegetarian Café, there is an adult in experience located by the name of Aliyn
Alimentum is located in riverside. They are children friendly and try it in cityside near Burger King.
Alimentum is a riverside near Burger King, and it is family-friendly.
Alimentum north of the river that is family friendly. Please remember, visit Alia that will cost between £20 and £25. .
Alimentum serves Japanese food in the riverside, near Burger King and is child friendly, and they are priced at more than £30.
Alimentum is near Yippee Noodle Bar near Burger King in Riverside. Meals are family friendly, north of the City center.
Alimentum in riverside near Burger King has a great family friendly menu.
Alimentum serves an average family friendly eatery in the riverside area near Burger King.
An inexpensive, three star, riverside, family friendly place Alimentum have fast food. Yes. It is. The river side is also close to Burger King.
Alimentum serving fast food. Located along the riverside to Express by Holiday Inn, it is family friendly.
Alimentum, in Riverside near Burger King, providing meals in the £20 - £25 range, children are welcome.
Alimentum is child friendly. and serves sushi and yes they are located in riverside near the river.
In the riverside area there is a family friendly venue in the medium price range, near Burger King.
Alimentum is in the riverside area. It is more than £30 and is children friendly, and near Burger King.
Alimentum is near in riverside, although it is inexpensive.
Alimentum is a kids friendly venue near Burger King on the river that also serves great in the city riverside serving Japanese food with burger and cheese.
Alimentum is a family friendly place located in riverside near Burger King.
Alimentum, located by Burger King on the riverside in the Riverside area near Burgers, is family friendly, serves French food.
Alimentum is near Burger King on the riverside near the Burgera. It is family friendly and serves French food and has a cheap price range.
In riverside near Burger King is Alimentum. Alimentsum is kid friendly and near the Burgers.
Alimentum serves cheap French food located in Riverside. It is child friendly.
Alimentum, is located in Midsummer House, in riverside near Burger King
Alimentum which is family friendly in riverside near Burger King and sells English food and is near the river.
Alimentum is a family friendly menu near Burger King in riverside
Alimentum is located in riverside near Burger King and has highly rated food. It has a family friendly environment.
With a family friendly environment Alimentum offers teno, close to the river that you are looking good for the go to Alimentsum.
Alimentum is a north of the riverside that offers eat at Alion. It is children friendly and located near Burger King.
In the riverside area near Burger King in river side there is Alimentum. It has a price range of £20 - up. They serve sushi and are family friendly.
Alimentum serves sushi at a riverside near Burger King. They are family friendly, yet the river.
Alimentum is located on the riverside which located near Express by Holiday Inn. It is family friendly and close to Burger King.
Aromi, located near Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside, is an average Chinese coffee shop. It has a 1 out of 5 rating.
Aromi a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside that has ice rating of 1 out of 5.
The Aromi is an Chinese food coffee shop serving low-proa in the riverside area with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. The price is pretty good and only a low customer rating.
A family friendly restaurant in the riverside area can be found in Café Sicilia called Aromi.
Aromi is a coffee shop in Riverside that serves Chinese food with mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5. It is in riverside area. It has i high customer Customer rating. Kids are welcome
Aromi is a coffee shop offering Chinese food which is family friendly. It is located in the riverside area and is near Crown Plaza Hotel
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi coffee shop that allows children at a Chinese food riverside, it is in the £20 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a cheap coffee shop serving Chinese food in riverside that gets poor ratings
Aromi, a Chinese coffee shop located in Riverside. It is family friendly, and gets three stars.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop. They serve Chinese food in the riverside area if they have based food.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area, that has an average customer rating. It is child friendly.
Aromi is a restaurant that serves Chinese food. They are in riverside. It has lative prices and are not family friendly.
Aromi is located in the riverside area serving Chinese food and is kid friendly. Customers rate this coffee shop has received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
For a non ice-friendly Chinese food coffee shop for the whole family's on riverside name, near the coffee Shop Aromi, has an average rating.
Aromi is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It has received 3 out of 5 customer ratings
Aromi is a non family friendly Chinese coffee shop located in city centre, near the city. It has grub with varying customer reviews.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. It serves Chinese food. They have 5 out of 5 food and are not family friendly.
Aromi is an adult only Chinese food venue in the city centre. They have a 5 out of 5 rating.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop near city centre, it is not family-friendly and also has upscale customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is an average Chinese coffee shop and is not family friendly and with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is located in the city centre.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for its customers. It has mediocre ratings located in the city centre and is not family friendly.
Aromi is a near the best Indian food with mediocre rating in the city centre with an average customer rating.
Aromi is a very family friendly place serving Chinese food. It is located in the city centre with ok customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is located in City centre with clentele with reviews 5 out of 5. It has eats in grub setting near Crown Plaza
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop in the city centre which serves Chinese food. It has rated 5 out of 5 by customers, and has an average price range.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating, Aromi is based in the city centre, upscale and the customer satisfaction rating is 5 rating. It is an excellent Chinese food place with family-friendly environment
Aromi is located in city centre, a coffee shop offering Chinese food with high customer ratings.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It has despite mediocre ratings, and the ratings are 5 out of 5.
There is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside called Aromi. The customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the riverside area. It has burger. With five star reviews.
Aromi is a low rated Chinese food coffee shop in riverside that is not family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop that is located in Riverside. It provides Chinese food It is not family friendly. There price range is £30 and has rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a low rated Chinese coffee shop in Riverside. It is kids friendly.
Aromi is a children friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area. They have rated it 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop with burger and fries in the riverside area. It is family friendly, located in Riverside. They have rated it 5 out of 5.
A highly rated, Chinese foods place in the riverside area by Raja Indian Cuisine is Aromi. Yes families and has a high rating
An affordable coffee shop in Riverside called Aromi and Chinese. It is family friendly and has been given a rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee Shop which offers Chinese food on the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi coffee shop is suitable for kids located at the riverside, serves Chinese food and is highly rated.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in Riverside with burgery and fries. It is family friendly. Customers ratings are 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a non family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre and has an average customer rating.
Aromi is not a family friendly venue located in the city centre that sells Chinese food with an average customer rating
Aromi is an average rated Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It has an all a not family friendly environment.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre. They have an average customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop for the whole family with an average customer rating. It, in city centre and is not family friendly.
There is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. it is not family and the customer rating is average.
A Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre and is not family friendly.
Aromi is in the city centre. It's a Chinese food coffee shop in city rated as family friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly, pub that serves Chinese food in the city centre. It has an average customer rating of and is fast food.
Aromi is a river centre coffee shop serving Chinese food and rated average by customers. It is children friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average. They are located at outskirts of the City. This venue is child friendly
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre that has an average customer rating. It is family friendly.
There is a Chinese coffee shop Aromi with average customer ratings located in the city centre near the Crown Plaza Hotel. it is kid friendly.
Aromi serves Chinese food in the riverside area has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside that has an average customer rating and they are not child friendly.
Aromi is an average Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area. It has an overall customer rating and is not family friendly
Aromi is a riverside coffee shop providing Chinese food Its customer rating is average.
Aromi is a Chinese restaurant providing in the riverside. It is not family-friendly, and has an average customer rating
Aromi is a coffee shop located in riverside that serves Chinese food. It has an average customer rating and is not family-friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside setting. It has ra family friendly atmosphere.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food it has an average customer rating and is located in the riverside area.
Aromi is near Riverside, that offers Chinese food. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area they won't allow the whole family and they are also highly rated.
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop that has an average customer rating by its customers. The A A coffee Shop in riverside.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food at Located in the riverside area. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside .
Aromi is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is children friendly in the riverside area and has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has an average customer rating on the riverside.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop that does not allow children. It is located in the riverside area,
Aromi is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area, rated low prices, kid friendly environment.
Aromi is in the riverside area, serving Chinese food. It has an average customer customer rating and is the coffee shop is child friendly.
Aromi is a child friendly Chinese coffee shop located in riverside. It has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a non family friendly coffee shop by riverside near Crown Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food and has re high customer rating.
Aromi is a child-friendly Chinese coffee shop by the river that has mediocre customer ratings.
Aromi is a coffee shop, serving Chinese food. It is situated by riverside, with high customer ratings.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in the riverside area serving Chinese food with high customer ratings. It is not family friendly but is named Avalon.
Aromi is a Chinese located in the riverside area. It is in river side cityside. The A children friendly coffee shop. With heft of £30.
Aromi is a low customer rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food at the riverside. Customer ratings are high.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area. Its customer rating is high.
The Aromi is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside - and has i high customer rating. Its customer ratings are high.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is in riverside but is children friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in riverside that is family friendly. It has high ratings.
Aromi is a coffee shop which offers Chinese food, located in the city centre with low customer satisfaction satisfaction. It is not too family friendly
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre with i low customer rating. Its customer Rating is low.
Aromi is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food. It is located in the city centre. They are not family friendly.
Aromi is located in the city centre, which provides Chinese food and is not children friendly.
The Aromi is child friendly Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. They are less than £20 and their customers rating is low.
Aromi is an pub that serves Chinese food. While its customer rating is low. They are located in the city centre. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre with based, family friendly environment and has i price range of £20.
Aromi is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with mediocre rating they are located in the city centre.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop near the the city centre. It has rated low by customer as family friendly.
Aromi is a low quality coffee shop in the city centre. It serves Chinese food.
Aromi is a low rated Chinese coffee shop in Riverside
Aromi coffee shop that serves Chinese food in riverside is not family friendly, yet has a low customer rating.
The riverside, near Clare Hall is an adult only venue serving Chinese food. It is called Aromi, but it has a low customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside. It has mediocre rating.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside with if you are looking for bringing your family and enjoy eat, they are rated low.
Aromi Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area is not family friendly and has a low customer rating.
Aromi in the riverside area serves Chinese food. It is children friendly.
Aromi is an adults only Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. The customers rating A place low.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop providing family friendly food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located on the riverside. They serve Chinese. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in riverside. Its customer rating is low
Aromi is a low rated coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside.
Aromi is a Riverside Cotto. It is children friendly but serves English food.
Aromi is a children friendly coffee shop located by the riverside which offers English food. It has mediocre reviews
The Aromi is a children friendly coffee shop providing British food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a child-friendly coffee shop, offering English food in Riverside. It has mediocre Rating.
This coffee shop named Aromi is located in riverside, serves English food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a 3 star coffee shop providing English food in the riverside area.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is kids friendly and has quaint rating 1 out of 5. It's in the riverside area with prices ranging from £30.
Aromi is an English coffee shop that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is by the riverside and is child friendly on the north of the bank.
the Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area with mediocre ratings and serves British food.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food in Riverside. They are children friendly. Their price is along the riverside. It Located in the area of river side.
Aromi is a riverside coffee shop providing English food It is family friendly and price range is £20 to £25.
Aromi is in the riverside area, it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is an English and coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is children friendly. It's in the price range is of £20 to £25. It has ok ratings.
The Aromi is an English coffee shop by the riverside. They are kid friendly and have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food. It has received rated 3 out of 5. It is in the riverside area.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located in Riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn that serves English food. It is very poorly rated.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop offering English food in the riverside area. It has despite burger and cheese.
There is a family friendly coffee shop Aromi located in riverside named A Arome called Avalon that serves English food. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre is not family friendly. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is an average coffee shop located in the city centre that serves English food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the city centre with clentele which serves English food, but not family-friendly environment. However yes it has ranging between £20-£25, and they are
English food is served at Aromi a coffee shop located in the city centre with ere of Ahama. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is not family-friendly location serving English food at a coffee shop located in the city centre. They have mediocre ratings.
Aromi is a 5 out of 5 rated English restaurant located in the city centre. It has burger and cheese.
Aromi has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located the city centre. It's rated is family-friendly at oo.
At the city centre is a family-friendly coffee shop Aromi that serves high priced English food with mediocre customer rating.
Aromi is not kid friendly providing English food It is located in city centre. Customers give this 5 out of 5.
Aromi is an upscale coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food. It is family friendly, and rated 5 out of 5.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating and price range of £30, Aromi located on the riverside is Arenix, not children friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the Riverside area. It serve English food and has an outstanding customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop which serves English food in the Riverside area of riverside with Bibimbap House and not family friendly
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in Riverside. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a new English coffee shop that has rated 5 out of 5. It is family-friendly and located in the riverside area
Aromi is a family friendly friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi serving English food in Riverside is kid friendly. The customer rating for customers 5 out of 5.
Aromi in the riverside area with an excellent customers rating which is family friendly and serves traditional pasta and drink is located on the Riverside; they serve a variety of coffee shop with rere at A
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It provides English food. With o customer rating 5 out of 5.
Aromi has a coffee shop. It is located on the riverside with rated 5 out of 5 and is family friendly.
A cheap coffee shop with a rating of 5 out 5 is Aromi.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area. They serve English food. It has mediocre ratings.
Aromi is a coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5 in riverside that offers English food. It is family friendly.
A cheap coffee shop with an awesome rating Aromi has Ad of Italian foods and is very good.
Aromi is a non family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city centre and has received an average customer rating.
Aromi is a three star coffee bar located in the city centre. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in the city centre. It is not family friendly, but has an average rating.
Aromi is near the city centre. It serves English food and is not family-friendly.
Aromi is an average rated, non family friendly, coffee shop in city centre serving English food and isn't having an overall customer rating.
Aromi is located on the city centre that serves English food, has an average customer rating and is not family friendly
Aromi is a family friendly, English coffee shop located in the city centre. It has average ratings.
Aromi is a English coffee shop in the city centre with an average rating.
Aromi is a family-friendly, moderately rated, French coffee shop located in the city centre.
At the city centre is Aromi a coffee shop with traditional English food. It is family friendly with an average customer rating.
Aromi is located in city center coffee shop offering English food. It has received an average rating. They are children friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly, located in the city centre, serving English food with mediocre rating.
Aromi is an English Food coffee shop with an average customer rating located on riverside. It is not family-friendly
Aromi is not family friendly. It serve English food. The A coffee shop in the riverside area. They have an average customer rating.
Aromi is a riverside coffee shop providing English food in the price range of £20 and the customer rating is average. It is not family friendly.
There is a child friendly coffee shop that serves English food named The Aromi with an average customer rating. It is located in the riverside area.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre.
An English coffee shop on the riverside, Aromi is family friendly, has a customer rating of average.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located by the riverside has English food. It has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop offering English food. It is located in the riverside area.
Aromi is a riverside coffee shop located along the river that serves English food in the Riverside area. It has an average customer rating, and is family friendly and has eat.
Aromi is a highly rated restaurant oriented in the city centre.
Aromi is a restaurant that serves English food, and is child friendly, located on the riverside, it's family friendly. It is highly rated.
Aromi coffee shop located by the riverside, is a family-friendly coffee Shop serving English food. It has ranging over £30 and is located in the Riverside area.
Aromi is a cheap place in the city centre.
Aromi is a coffee shop offering French food. It is in the higher price range.
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop by the river in Riverside and provides English food Its customer rating, has average.
There is an English coffee shop with an average customer rating, and there is Aromi located on the riverside and is children friendly for the whole family.
Aromi are a French coffee shop in Riverside that is highly rated. It's children friendly and has if you visit.
Aromi, is a family friendly site, an English coffee shop, located in the riverside area. The price range is moderate. It has an average customer rating.
Aromi offers English food and is located by the riverside.
Aromi is a great place to eat in the riverside area. It serves English food, children friendly, located by the Crown Plaza Hotel. With average customer ratings.
Aromi is an American coffee shop with an average customer rating.
A friendly coffee shop. It serves English food in the riverside area, it has a customer rating of high and is family friendly
Aromi is a riverside coffee shop that also serves English food and has burgers, children are allowed. Customers rate this eatery da high and rated it high.
Aromi by riverside has a high customer rating with if they serve English food. Also are families are welcome.
Aromi is an English food coffee shop located in riverside with high customer rating it welcomes children.
Aromi is a child friendly English establishment on the riverside with grub with high customer rating with price range of £20-£25.
Aromi is a riverside coffee shop which serves English food in the area of Riverside. It is family friendly and has received mediocre rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food; It is family friendly and has mediocre ratings on the riverside.
Aromi is a riverside coffee shop offering English food where families at despite being expensive. It is family friendly and rated low.
A cheap coffee shop in riverside which serves English food called Aromi yes, it is family friendly.
In riverside near Crown Plaza Hotel is a family Friendly coffee shop, Aromi, with good reviews highly highly rating. The price range is high..
Aromi is based coffee shop that offers English food. It will not a family friendly establishment with no less than £20. Check us in the city centre.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in the city centre that serves English food. It is not family-friendly and has low customer ratings.
Aromi is an English food coffee shop at the centre of the city. It is not family-friendly. The name is A Alimentum has a low customer rating.
Aromi is a French coffee shop that is not family friendly and located in the city centre. Their customer ratings are low but they are rated 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located near the city centre serving English food. It has eat experience.
Aromi is a low customer rating place that serves English food. The A family friendly coffee shop is in the city centre
Aromi is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is not child friendly.
Located in riverside and Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop with a low customer rating. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a low rated coffee shop in the riverside area that isn't family.
Aromi is a coffee shop in riverside.
Aromi is a coffee shop with suited to all the city center that offers sushi and has burgers and is not family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop in city centre with an average customer rating.
A coffee shop named Aromi has cheap wine and cheeses and fries in Riverside
Aromi is a non family-friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is moderately priced.
Aromi is a non family friendly coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It serves English food with hat low customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving Italian food in riverside, and it is located in the river side and is family friendly. It has burger and cheese area is A place with customers rating of low.
Aromi is a restaurant in riverside serving English food.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is located on the riverside with mediocre ratings.
Aromi is a coffee shop located down by the riverside that serves English food. It is family friendly, with mediocre.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop
Located in the city centre is Aromi for a coffee shop with burger dining experience with high reviews.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop with average customer ratings. It is located in the city centre.
Aromi is an English coffee shop located in Riverside.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop serving fast food in the riverside area. It is low rated.
Bibimbap House can be found by the riverside. Price range is £20-25, located on the Riverside near Café Sicilia.
Bibimbap House sits of Cambridge to the riverside. It is located outside of river side, near Café Sicilia.
Bibimbap House has a cheap 3 star atmosphere in the riverside area river side, close to Café Sicilia.
Bibimbap House is a riverside fast food place located near Café Sicilia.
Bibimbap House is located in the riverside near Café Sicilia that is rated low.
Bibimbap House provides fast food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Bibimbap House is the riverside, near Café Sicilia, they are a low rated venue, however.
Bibimbap House in the riverside area near Café Sicilia, rated river side, is a reasonablely priced venue.
and near Café Sicilia by the riverside, there is a river beside Raja Sicily called the Bibimbap House with fast food.
Bibimbap House is next down by Café Sicilia in riverside
Bibimbap House near Café Sicilia on the riverside is a place with eat of the finest wines and cheese bar located on Riverside ear Café Brazil.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel that has mediocre reviews. The price is 1 out of five.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located river outside of the Crowne Plaza Hotel, in riverside near Crown Plaza Holiday Inn. It has eats, and have mediocre reviews 1 out of
Browns Cambridge is a kids friendly coffee Shop, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area Chinese food that has ra customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Chinese restaurant in the riverside area which has ear Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has high customer rating and price range is £30.
Browns Cambridge is a city centre that offers Chinese food in the £30 or less. It has rated i family friendly. High customer rating
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is child friendly near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a place that serves Chinese food in the riverside area close to Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is highly rated by its customers. They are very kid-friendly.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is family friendly and they serve Chinese food, and its located by Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Crowning an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is high-priced and rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. They are located in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge located on the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, near Crowning is not family friendly, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is not family friendly and located in the city centre. It's near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Customers rating rated it 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop called Browns Cambridge. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are an averagely rated, low customer rating Chinese food.
The Browns Cambridge coffee shop is close to the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food and is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It also has burgers and fries. Cot
Browns Cambridge is a non family friend coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese Food. This establishment has clenteled food under £20. They are highly rated of 5 out of
Browns Cambridge, located in the city centre, is a five star coffee shop that serves Chinese food, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is located near the Crown Palace and children-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre rating. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel and children friendly. Prices are more than 30 euros.
Cotto is a family friendly coffee shop with high customer ratings located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its Chinese food is friendly.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is low-rated, family friendly. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is a five star coffee shop that also sells Chinese food located in the city center. It is also children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. They are located in the city centre and have rated by customers 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese family-friendly coffee shop in Cambridge located in city centre in the city near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has rated 5 out of 5 and its price range is about £20-25
Browns Cambridge is an average Chinese food coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. It has an excellent customer rating.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a family friendly coffee Shop serving Chinese food. It has s are highly rated food and is located in Riverside.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It is non family friendly and highly rated.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Chinese food, it is not family friendly and it's located in the riverside area. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This location received rated 5 out of
Browns Cambridge also in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. They have hyne in river. This coffee Shop is not family friendly and
Browns Cambridge serves Chinese food. It is located in the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel is not family-friendly and highly rated,
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has rated 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a high priced coffee shop located in the riverside. It serves Chinese food and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located close to Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. It is kid friendly, and offers Chinese food.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel providing Chinese food It is family friendly and has upscale reviews. They are located in the riverside.
There is a 5 out of 5 highly rated price coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn in the riverside. It provides Chinese food.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop for the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area along the Riverside. It has grub but is highly rated but not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food restaurant with rated 5 out of 5 by its customers. It is located by Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is a coffee Shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. They are not family friendly and have an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located next to Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, it has an average customer rating and sells an adult place.
There is an average, average rated coffee shop named Browns Cambridge that providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It eaty. The coffee Shop is not child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located north of the City Centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating of three out of five.
Browns Cambridge is a Fast food coffee shop with an average rating located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Japanese food. This coffee shop has an average satisfaction rating and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They can eat Chinese food.
Browns Cambridge is an expensive Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre rated. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Customer ratings are average.
There is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Located in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop with prices start at £20-£25.
Browns Cambridge is a low priced, family friendly restaurant located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, serving Chinese food. It has average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is not family-friendly, provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside establishment. It has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It's expensive.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside is Browns Cambridge, an average rated Chinese coffee shop. It is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop provides Chinese food It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Browns Cambridge, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the Riverside area is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with average rating. They are not child friendly.
Browns Cambridge, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, on the riverside Chinese is family-friendly, and has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly, coffee shop serving Chinese food coffee Shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel that has an average customer rating and specializes in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop with average customer ratings. It is conveniently named Browning. The Brown Cotto is kid friendly. Cocum is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop by Crowne Plaza Hotel near Crown Plaza Plaza hotel by the riverside, serving Chinese, has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Chinese food, in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel provides Chinese food Its customer rating is average.
Browns Cambridge is a high rated coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Our shop is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It has an average customer rating. It is located in the riverside .
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Chinese food coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside. It has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves Chinese food. It has an average customer rating and is kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly, Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the Riverside area. It has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating and has average ratings.
Browns Cambridge is situated near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It is family friendly and serves Chinese food. The price range is more than £30.
Browns Cambridge is an average cost coffee shop for this high customer reviews. Its customer rating is average. They are located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel and their customers have good Chinese food
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Their prices are high to £30 and their customers rating is high. They serve Chinese food. It with high customer ratings
Browns Cambridge offers Chinese food. It is high-rated with a children friendly atmosphere and is in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside that serves Chinese food. It has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge coffee Chinese food has a high customer rating and is located next to Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area in riverfront. It is children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This coffee shop provides Chinese food Its customer rating is high. It is children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated, family friendly Chinese coffee shop located by Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is based in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food and is highly rated.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It is high-priced with high customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated coffee shop in City centre with Chinese food. This location is not child friendly
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly and its ratings are low.
There is a low rated coffee shop called Browns Cambridge which can be found in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has eat Chinese food. They are not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge, located in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is not family friendly and serves Chinese food. It has low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is non family friendly Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. They are located in city center near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and have a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is also a poor Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel in city center providing with low ratings. It is not family-friendly
Browns Cambridge is an adult only coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It can be quite cheap, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. However, but it's in city center.
Browns Cambridge, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves Chinese food. It is kid friendly and has a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in city centre that serves Chinese food and has a low customer rating that is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre and is family friendly with . Although it has low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Cotto is family friendly and also has grub, with low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a Japanese coffee shop with low customer ratings near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city center.
Browns Cambridge is, a coffee shop which provides Chinese food It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge is a pub providing Chinese food It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that has burger and fries. It is located in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Clowns is highly rated.
The Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside. It has low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese, not family-friendly venue in the riverside area. Price range is £20 and £30 with low customer rating. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a low-rated Chinese coffee shop located in riverside. It is called Brownsburg and is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves Chinese food is less than £20 and is child friendly. it is located in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge located by Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area of the Crowner serves Chinese food for in of a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with low customer rating and provide Chinese food in less than £20.
In riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop which offers Chinese food for ate and is family friendly. It is low rated and by its customers.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area located in Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has mediocre ratings 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They offer English food and have a high customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is known as a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It's kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge located in riverside is a English coffee shop that gets mediocre ratings and is family friendly.
There is a children friendly coffee shop named Browns Cambridge which has English food in the riverside area. It has mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge serves English food for a mid-range at riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has rated 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge, located in riverside, is moderately priced, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Their French food coffee shop has been rated 1 out of 5. It's kid friendly and has a customer rating
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the Riverside area serving English food. It's called Brown Café. The Price range is £20 and £25
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside which is family friendly with mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5. It is in the less than £20 range.
Located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge, a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food and has been given o customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop called Browns Cambridge coffee store offering English food. It is located in the city centre and can be purchased from £20-25.
Browns Cambridge yes it is family friendly but has a 3 out of 5 rating. It is in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop, serving English food in city Riverside with mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In the riverside area is Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It have English food and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a riverside coffee shop, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating. The family friendly place is called Browning food is in the river side and is cheap.
Browns Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating. This site serves French food.
Browns Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside style, with based in an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a local, 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food.
The Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop on the river with highly ratings. It serves English food, and has upscale food.
There is a coffee shop by the Crowne Plaza Hotel, serving English food. It is not family-friendly, It's prices are more than 30 euros. Crown rated Browns Cambridge and it is located
There is an English coffee shop named Browns Cambridge located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre that not family-friendly to children
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that is not family-friendly, serving English food. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Customers give the coffee and coffee, It rated this food is highly ranked
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre is a non family-friendly coffee shop, Browns Cambridge, it serves English food. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly, localing and near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn. It serves English food. They are rated ok.
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food. Our price range is more than £30. They are family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is located in the city Centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average rating of 5 out of 5. It can be found in Crowning or family-friendly. It serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its name is Brown Brown King is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Kids are friendly but has rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a cheap riverside coffee shop offering English food. It is located in river near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Families are not allowed.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated, non family friendly coffee shop that also serves English food. It is located in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge, located in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel can be found for highly rated food. It is not family-friendly and. They are located by average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, selling English food, is not child-friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Customers recommend Browns Cambridge coffee shop serving English food. It is located by the Crowne Plaza Hotel near Crown Plaza Holiday Inn. This is not family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop that usually north of the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel but is not children friendly. It is also considered the Golden Curry. This venue is rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly English food restaurant located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has rated as 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves pasta and has an average customer rating and eat near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside, rated 5 out of 5. It has English food. It is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly fast food coffee shop in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, and has rated the 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in the Riverside area that serves English food. It is family friendly, have rated 5 out of 5. Its name is near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge is a low rated coffee shop providing burgers and fries at the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly place near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. They serve English food, although it has priced food and rated 5 out of 5.
The Browns Cambridge offers English food in the higher price range, located in Rainbow Vegetarian Café and is kid friendly. The venue has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating, Browns Cambridge, located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is based with mediocre English food. It's kid friendly, customer reviews are
With a average customer rating, Browns Cambridge is ok grub, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is not family-friendly place by the Crowne Plaza Hotel, the coffee shop is located in the city centre. It serves English food, also has an average customer rating, near Crown Plaza Holiday Inn
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, that serves English food and has re higher customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating and not family friendly.
A coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating on the city Centre the Browns Cambridge serves English food. Its customer ratings are average.
Browns Cambridge is a British coffee shop in the city center that has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge, located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is also family-friendly and in city with an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop which served English food, located by Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. The venue has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food and has an average rating of average
You can have, Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves English food. It is family-friendly. For a price range of £20 and £20-£25, and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre
Browns Cambridge is an English food coffee shop that is family friendly with average customer ratings located on the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the center of the Riverside near Crown Plaza Palace.
If you are looking for an English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre is Browns Cambridge rated children friendly with an average rating.
Browns Cambridge, that provides English food for the whole family. It is located in the riverside. They are high-priced. Customers rate it an average rating and are not considered a.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee place in the riverside area which sells English food. They are not family-friendly and have an average customer rating . Food near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Cotto is an English coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside is an English coffee shop with an average rating. The coffee Shop is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a non family-friendly coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food. its customer rating is average.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating. Children are welcome.
A children friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel located in the riverside area that serves English food is Browns Cambridge. It is rated average and average but has an average rating of average.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves British food at upscale riverside
Browns Cambridge is kid friendly and situated by Crowne Plaza Hotel and in the Riverside area, It also serves English food. It is very priced in Riverside.
In riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge. It is a coffee shop that serves English food. This coffee ship is family friendly, but has ice. The price range is £20,
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is family friendly. It serves English food and has an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area called Browns Cambridge. It serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food and has an average customer rating
Browns Cambridge is a beautiful family friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is located by Crowne Plaza Hotel. Customers rate Brown King high in the riverside area near Crown Hotel Crown Plaza Plaza Holiday Inn.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel located a French coffee shop. Children are welcome. They are rated Browns Cambridge of the river and they are also suited for our whole family.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel providing British food It is in the price range of £20 - £25. Its customer rating is average.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in riverside. It is family friendly, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, and serves English food and is in the higher price range.
On the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, there is an average, 5-star coffee shop Browns Cambridge. It is near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn. This coffee Shop serves fast food.
Browns Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating, and serves English food.
Located by the riverside Blue Spice coffee Shop in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is kid friendly with average customer rating.
If you are looking for an inexpensive venue with average customer ratings, look to Browns Cambridge coffee shop along the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Please take out the family-friendly, and have an average Rating
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre you will find the family friendly Browns Cambridge, a coffee shop. They serve English food.
The Browns Cambridge is a French food coffee shop with high ratings, children are allowed. It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Browns Cambridge, in the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, has a high rating, near eats, for over 30 pounds and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a great place in the riverside area which serves English food by Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is located in river side, but is kid friendly.
The Browns Cambridge is one star coffee shop with English food along the riverside. It is located by the Crowne Plaza Hotel. The Punter is children-friendly.
If you should like English food, Browns Cambridge is not children friendly and customers rate it as high in price. No its visit.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food in it is near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn and is child friendly and sells a price range of more than 30 also has
Browns Cambridge has English food food, high customer ratings, and is not family friendly. It is called it is located by the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside serves English food. It is child friendly and has a high customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a French coffee shop. It is children friendly with upscale reviews near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Their price range is £30 and has high customer satisfaction ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop located on the riverside. It serves English food with near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are in the high price range.
Riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge. It is child friendly and has a high customer rating.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It is high-a high customer rating family, as well as it received a coffee range of £20- £20.00.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside, Browns Cambridge coffee shop has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It serves English food. Their location is not family-friendly and has mediocred rating as low.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated family-friendly English restaurant located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It has eat ins if you can get your wallet while it is not nice.
Browns Cambridge in the city centre area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves English food and is a child friendly venue with burger joint that has gotten low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food. They have rated low ratings and their prices are low.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly place. It serves English food and it has mediocre ratings. The coffee shop is the burger and chips are located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is an English coffee shop that is family friendly near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre called Browns Cambridge. The price range is less that £20 also.
Located in the city center, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge is not a family-friendly coffee shop that serve English food. It has grub of low customer rating and has low ratings
Browns Cambridge is a low-rated coffee shop located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, offering English food, is child friendly, and has if £20-25
If you are searching for a Family-friendly coffee shop serving English food with if you will want to head to the Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge, near Crown Centre. This restaurant has received settling
Browns Cambridge is a non family-friendly coffee shop. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has been given grub.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop by the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its prices are low.
Browns Cambridge serves English food, is for adults only in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly. Customers rate it low, it has a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a city-friendly coffee shop that serves English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly but has mediocre ratings 1 out of 5. It has been given grub.
Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves English food and is not family-friendly. It is located on the riverside and has a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is an inexpensive coffee shop in the city centre. It's located in The Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve Japanese food. However they are not family-friendly.
Located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel area, Browns Cambridge, a coffee shop providing English food It is not family friendly. Its customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It is one star coffee shop serving English food.
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop in riverside that offers English food with mediocre ratings of low.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that offers English food and located near Crown Plaza Hotel at the riverside with low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop near the centre of the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food and is family-friendly. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop which serves English food. It is in the riverside area with mediocre ratings.
There is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is known as Browns Cambridge. This coffee Shop is located in the riverside. Customers rate this coffee store low rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly, Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area, and it has eat food with no children allowed.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop in the riverside place that serves English food that also has clentele is located on the banks of Crown Plaza Hotel. It is poorly rated.
There is a three star coffee shop in the city centre Browns Cambridge. It is located in city and yes it is family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area that serves English food. It has burgery but have their customer rating is low by customers.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall. It has varying ratings, and is moderately priced.
Clowns is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is located by Clare Hall with mediocre ratings.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in Riverside near Clare Hall with eat that serves Chinese food. It has rated 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a Pub serving Chinese food. It has an average customer rating. The prices ranging from £30 and is located near Clare Hall in the riverside.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall. It has despite its rated 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall that offers Chinese food. Customers are rate it as rated the place 3 out of 5. Crowne Plaza Hotel at riverside, near the Clarele Hall,
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the riverside area serving Chinese food. It has grub near Clare Hall and is in river centre. They have received an average customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall at riverside, that serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the riverside area near Café Adriatic with rated 3 out of 5.
Clowns coffee shop sells Chinese food and is located in city centre near Clare Hall. It has a higher customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is an Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating on the riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns, located on the riverside close Clare Hall, is a Chinese coffee shop with an average rating. They are not rated 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. Located in the city centre near Clare Hall. The customer rating 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the city centre area near Clare Hall that sells Chinese food with mainly cost £20 and £25, but with high customer ratings.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns coffee shop offers Chinese food in city centre near Clare Hall and is not rated 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a cheap coffee shop with based north of the city centre, near Clare Hall that offers Chinese food. It has o rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a beautiful coffee shop located on the riverside near Clare Hall it has Chinese food and is highly recommended rated,
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in riverside. It is cheap, offers Chinese food
Clowns is in the riverside area near Clare Hall. It serves Chinese food. Customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop and Chinese food located near Clare Hall by Clar Plaza Hotel in riverside with an average customer rating.
Clowns is an Chinese food shop located in the riverside area, near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the riverside area near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is an average Chinese food coffee shop in the City Centre with an above average customer rating. It is low is near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre
Clowns is a low-rated Chinese coffee shop providing upscale meals. It is located in the city centre.
Clowns is an Indian coffee shop, located in the city centre the customer rating in average and it is located near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop located near Clare Hall in the city centre. It serves Chinese food. Rated average with less than £20.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Clare Hall. It has an average rating but yes.
Clowns is an average Chinese food restaurant located in city centre, near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is average.
Clowns are located in riverside near Clare Hall. It serves Chinese food and has average customer ratings.
Clowns is a five star coffee shop with Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area.
Clowns coffee shop located in the riverside area near Clare Hall has Chinese food and has an average customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It has an average customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Clowns is a high-priced Chinese food coffee shop in an average customer rating in the riverside.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall that provides Chinese food It has price range more than £30.
Clowns, in riverside near Clare Hall serves Chinese food, highly rated, coffee shop.
Clowns can be found in riverside near Clare Hall. They serve Chinese food, they are in the £20- £25 to eat. Check out Clough.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in Riverside. It also serves Chinese food.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area with i high customer rating.
Clowns is a higher rated coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall with Chinese food.
Clowns is a Chinese food coffee shop, in riverside near Clare Hall with high customer ratings.
Clowns coffee shop serves Chinese food. It is located in city center near Clare Hall and has a low price range of 30.
Clowns located in the city centre near Clare Hall serves Chinese food. It is cheap but,
Clowns is in the city centre serving Chinese food, they have a low customer rating.
Clowns is in the centre of the city near Clare Hall. It is considered a low-rated Chinese food establishment.
Clowns is a low-rated, Chinese restaurant near Clare Hall in the city centre.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving cheap Chinese food. It also offers great food, near Clare Hall in the center of the city.
Clowns is located fast food coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall. One coffee Shop has low customer rating.
Clowns is located near Clare Hall on the riverside and serves Chinese food. It is high rated.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside. Their customer rating. For more than £30.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Clare Hall in the city riverside. Its customer rating is low.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is low.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall with low customer ratings.
Clowns coffee shop is with a 5 out of 5 customer rating near Clare Hall on the riverside, the Cllows, is rated 1 out 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food that has o customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is near Clare Hall on the riverside.
Clowns is a low rated coffee shop with mediocre view view. They are near Clare Hall in riverside.
Clowns is a English coffee shop, with ra rating of 1 out of 5. It serves English food. It is near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located along the riverside near Clare Hall. They are rated 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food in Riverside and's near Clare Hall. It has l20 .
Clowns is English by the riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee Shop serving English food in the riverside area near Clare Hall. Unfortunately, it is not rated 1 out of 5.
Clowns is an inexpensive coffee shop. The Clips Tree is rated 1 out of 5. it is located near Clare Hall that serves English food.
Clowns is a high priced sushi coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre. They have rated 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop serves English food located in riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns coffee shop near Clare Hall serves English food in the city centre.
Clowns is a coffee shop that offers English food located on the riverside near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving British food in riverside near Clare Hall. It also has 5 out of 5.
Clowns is near Clare Hall. Although they are in the £20-£20 - 25 price range of Clated Cleria.
There is a highly rated coffee shop near Clare Hall that serves English food. It is close to Claren Hall in the city centre.
Clowns is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop that serves English food, close to Clare Hall, near Clareur Hall in the city centre. it is highly regarded
Clowns is a highly rated coffee shop providing British food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the City centre with British food with an average customer rating; It is located in city centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall. This French coffee store has mediocre star rating, located in the city centre.
Clowns is a more expensive, highly rated coffee shop in the city centre, providing British food. It is located near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food. They are found near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Clowns is a highly rated place near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food, located on the riverside close to Clare Hall with customer ratings 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing British food It is located in the higher price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a high-riced coffee shop in the riverside area with outstanding reviews and it is located near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food, located in the riverside area near Clare Hall, which has mediocre satisfaction ratings 5 out of 5.
The Clowns coffee shop near Clare Hall in the riverside area serves low price range food and has been given it a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns offers English food in the city centre. It customers rating is average.
Clowns is a fast food coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a Café in the city centre to eat for your friends and children like them. Although they are rated too poorly for all the coffee. They serve traditional French food.
Clowns is an English coffee shop that is situated in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a French coffee shop located in city centre near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is average.
Clowns is a five star coffee shop that sells English food. It is located in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop located on outskirts of Clare Hall. It is more expensive and serves hamburgers.
Clowns, with a three star coffee shop near Clare Hall on the riverside serve French food.
Clowns coffee shop serves English food, is located in the riverside area and it is not far from Clare Hall. It had an average rating.
Clowns is a riverside coffee shop. It is located by Clare Hall and serves English food in the river sideside. They are near Clar Clara Bakers.
Clowns is a coffee shop that sells English food located next to Clare Hall. The price is close to the riverside near Clar Clara Clarer Hall
Clowns coffee shop provides English food It is located in Riverside. It has an average customer rating.
Clowns coffee shop serves English food. It is near Clare Hall in the riverside area, but it's called Clentwood.
Luton in Riverside, near Clare Hall, is a coffee Shop that is averagely rated, which serves English food.
Clowns offers English food in the riverside area near Clare Hall located in Cambridge. Their customers ratings are average.
Clowns is a riverside coffee shop located on the river on Riverside and near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It has specialized in English food and coffee with ear Clare Hall. They are low price range.
Clowns, in the riverside area, near Clare Hall has high customer ratings. Highly rated Cllenta
Clowns is a French food coffee shop located by the riverside with burger and fries but high customer ratings to find Clitz with food for £20 to £25.
Clowns is near Clare Hall in riverside. They serve English food. Its customer rating is high.
Clowns, near Clare Hall is a coffee shop offering English food, located in riverside with high customer satisfaction rating.
Clowns coffee shop serves English food is in the riverside area near Clare Hall. It has a customer rating of high.
Clowns coffee shop provides English food It is located in the riverside area. Its customer rating is high.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food with upscale food in the riverside area, near Clare Hall. It is more than £30.
Clowns serves English food. it is near Clare Hall in Riverside. The customer rating is high.
Clowns is located on the riverside near Clare Hall. It has Chinese food and the price is high.
Clowns is a low rated coffee shop that serves English food, can be found in the city centre.
Clowns is a riverside coffee shop offering English food. Their high customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre is near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is low.
Clowns is a 5 star coffee shop located in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the city centre, serving English food by Clare Hall. It has s high customer rating and is not family.
Clowns is called Clough. It is close to Clare Hall, a French coffee shop located in the city centre. Although it has i low customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its Located in river side near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a low rated coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns, near Clare Hall in the riverside area is a coffee shop providing traditional English food.
Clowns is a near Clare Hall in the city centre serving great English food.
Clowns is a coffee shop located on the riverside near Clare Hall, which serves English food. It has grub.
Clowns is a coffee shop on the riverside near to Clare Hall. They are not family-friendly. Its customer rating is low.
Clowns is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is conveniently located in the riverside area near Clare Hall. This coffee Shop has n't really poorly rated
Café Rouge with a low customer rating and located on riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns serves English food on the riverside. It is near Clare Hall. They have a low customer rating.
Clowns is a one star coffee shop the offers English foods at the riverside near Clare Hall.
There is a coffee shop called Cocum that provides Chinese food in the high price range. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop with despite high rating of high. It is not kids friendly
Cocum coffee shop offers Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is close to the city centre and its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the price range of £20-25. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with 3-5 out of 5 rating, children are not welcome.
If you are looking for a coffee shop that sells Chinese food, it is also rated high ratings. It is low, price is 20-25.
Cocum, a family friendly coffee shop offering Chinese food is pricey more than £30, and has rang high customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food that has mediocre pricing with 'Lcum's kids friendly. It is expensive and received rated 1 out of 5. Its name is Cot
Cocum is a Chinese food restaurant, located in the riverside area. It is kid friendly, and prices are ranging £20-25.
Cocum is a cheaply priced coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the low customer rating located in riverside.
Cocum is a non family-friendly, cheap, coffee shop serving Chinese food. It has re customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is located by the river and providing Chinese food Cheap, the shop is not family friendly and is rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food, it is not family friendly.
Cocum is a non family-friendly coffee shop. It is cheap and serves Chinese food and has rated 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is called Cocum. The average customer rating is, near the river.
Cocum is an cheap, cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with no family friendly experience. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is cheap. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a non family friendly coffee shop that serves Fast food. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a cheap place to eat Chinese food place with rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
There is cheap coffee shop named Cocum, it serves Chinese food. Its rating is 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a low-rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. Its prices are cheap.
Cocum is a three star coffee shop which serves cheap Chinese food near Cotto but not family-friendly
Cocum is a highly-rated coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food. They have mediocre ratings.
Cocum is a cheaply rated, family friendly area, Chinese coffee shop with average reviews.
Cocum is a coffee shop in upscale Chinese food with an average customer rating.
Cocum is an average Chinese coffee shop that has an excellent reviews. Its price range is cheap but is family friendly.
The Cocum fast food coffee shop is good for the family. It has an average customer rating and is cheap.
Cocum is a Cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food with an average customer rating and it is located in the City Centre.
Cocum is a cheap price coffee Shop, that serves Chinese food and also has an average customer rating. Families are welcome as Cotto, which is located in the city centre.
Cocum is a family friendly, cheap, with one star costumer rating. They are located near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
There is a low-rated coffee shop near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It's called Cocum. The Chinese food is cheap and it does not allow children.
Cocum coffee shop has Chinese food and is is family friendly. They have an average customer rating.
Cocum is a high priced coffee shop has Chinese food with mediocre customer ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop in our high price range that serves Chinese food and is not child friendly. It is low rated.
The Cocum is a riverside coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has mediocre customer ratings are high. It is not child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop in the high price range that provides Chinese food with mediocre food located in city centre. It is not children-friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese restaurant with mediocre rating but is not child friendly.
Cocum coffee shop is also low-priced, not kid friendly. It serves Chinese food.
It is a high priced restaurant near the Crown Plaza Hotel that serves Chinese food
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with if it is low customer ratings. It is kids friendly, and has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with upscale reviews.
Cocum is an expensive, Chinese coffee shop offering Chinese food. The price is high
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop that has mediocre rating. It is child friendly
Chinese food for the whole family, Cocum is high priced.
Cocum, a high priced coffee shop that family friendly Chinese and located near the Crown Plaza Hotel, is child friendly.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that provides Chinese food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop in the high price range. It has an average customer rating. The whole family were not allowed.
The Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop having an average rating and high price range.
Cocum serves Chinese food at a high price range. It has an average customer rating. This coffee shop is not children friendly.
Cocum is an adult only Chinese coffee shop with a moderate price range.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range. It can be found by the family-friendly it is located in city centre and it's with average customer ratings.
Cocum, on the riverside serves Chinese food. It has average customer ratings.
Cocum has Chinese food in the high price range. It is not children friendly.
Cocum is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre with one star rating. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a children friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food with eats and high price range.
The Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with high prices. It has an average customer rating. Child friendly.
There is an expensive coffee shop called Cocum. It is kid friendly and serves Chinese food. This coffee coffee Shop is low rated.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop rated is high and is children friendly.
Cocum is a high-priced, family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food from £20 and the kids are welcome.
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop with mediocre rating with high prices.
Cocum is a fast food coffee shop that is not family friendly and has low customer ratings.
Cocum is a low rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food for less than £20 and is not family-friendly.
A more cheap Café named Cocum, serving Chinese food and isn't family friendly.
Cocum coffee shop serves Chinese food, but has a low customer rating. It has not family-friendly.
Cocum coffee shop serves Chinese food called Cotto can be found in the city centre. It is not family friendly though. Prices are less than £20.
A Chinese coffee shop called Cocum is not family friendly, has been rated low, and has a rating of low and it has bad reviews.
Cocum is an Chinese food coffee shop that is lowly rated with less than £20 for a family friendly environment.
Cocum is a cheaply priced Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It's kids friendly and has if with it'll find you to get your children to pay less than £20.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food Its customer rating is low. It is reasonably low with price range between less than £20.
Cocum is a low-priced Chinese coffee shop that has low customer rating. It is near Crown Plaza Hotel that is family friendly.
Cocum coffee shop provides Chinese food in the low-priced, family friendly environment.
Cocum is a Chinese place located close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café. They are in the price range of less than £20. It has rated low rating.
The Cocum near the best Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It receives low customer ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food. It has only low customer ratings and is family friendly.
Cocum coffee shop serves Chinese food with the kid friendly atmosphere is moderately priced and offers a 5 out of 5 rating.
Cocum coffee shop serves Chinese food at a moderate price range. It is not children friendly and, it is at the higher side of City centre.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is not kids friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced and is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese food place with mediocre rating but coffee shop with moderate price range and also not kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop with ns Chinese food but rated 1 out of 5 by its customers. It can be found in the city centre. The Cotto is not kid friendly.
Cocum is not an family-friendly coffee shop with Chinese food. It has a moderate price range and low customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food with wholesome atmosphere. It is family friendly, but the price has eat the coffee Shop food.
Cocum is a moderately priced, family friendly, Chinese coffee shop that serves Chinese food with rated only 1 out of 5 by its customers.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in an average price range. It is kids friendly and has rated customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. The customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is kids friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop for Chinese food at an affordable price range. It is child friendly and with i customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a moderately priced, child friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food, they were rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop of Chinese food in the moderate price range it is no, not family friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop serving moderately priced food. This coffee site is not kid friendly
Cocum is a pub offering Chinese food at an ideal place to eat along the river. Its coffee shop is not kids friendly. The price range is moderate and it is also rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the average price range. It is not kids friendly and is aware it has received i customer rating for Cotto.
Cocum, a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the moderate price range is moderate, and is not kids friendly. It has 'Cocum's customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cocum is an average coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is not kids friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop with average ratings. It is located in the centre of the town. Children are allowed.
Cocum is a Chinese food venue that has mediocre customer ratings, is not children friendly. With ok ratings of 3 out of 5. It has high price range and has been given 3 star for them.
The Cocum serves Chinese food with moderate prices located in the city centre, rated 3 out of 5 by customers. It is kids friendly.
The coffee shop Cocum offers Chinese food and is child friendly.
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop, which serves Chinese food with , with moderate consumer ratings. They are high and have 3 out of 5 customer ratings and are kid friendly.
There is a Chinese coffee shop Cocum, it is moderately priced near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. The prices are moderate. It has rated 3 out of 5. No children allowed.
Cocum is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food there is moderately priced with rated 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
There is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop called Cocum that has mediocre rating.
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop with land high customer rating. The coffee Shop is not child friendly.
For a Chinese food, you can eat at Cocum in the high price range. It is not child friendly and has rated high.
Cocum is a good coffee shop providing Chinese food Its customer rating is high. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with ys less than £20
Chinese food on the high price range is Cocum, it is not highly rated, but are not family friendly.
Cocum is a highly rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is not grub and is family friendly with . 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop offering high pricess with mediocre reviews
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is child friendly but has burger and fries in the high price range and is in city centre.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Chinese food with burger with high customer ratings. It's not child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a coffee shop that provides English food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a high ratings coffee shop providing English food in the £20-25 price range.
Cocum is a low rated coffee shop that also serves traditional English food.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high. The food is not child friendly
Cocum coffee shop serve English food and a price range of £20-25, is not kids friendly.
Cocum, a coffee shop, which costs between £20-25, an English lunch. It is not children friendly and has , not good and its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a city centre coffee shop that serves English food. It is children friendly in the price range of £20-25.
Cocum is an English coffee shop with prices ranging £20-25. It is located in the city centre. Although the ratings are high and their prices are for the whole family.
Cocum coffee shop serves English food. It is kid friendly and has an average rating of high and a price range of £20-25.
Cocum is an average rated coffee shop in the £20-25 price range
Cocum is a children friendly restaurant that serves English food with e price range of £20-25. It is located in the Wildwood area.
Cocum is a kid-friendly place with monetary ratings of 1 out of 5.
The Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food and rated high by its customers.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers sushi and is child friendly and has received high customer ratings of high customers. Prices are 20-25.
Cocum is a non family friendly sushi restaurant with mediocre in their low customer rating. They serve pasta but it is good.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the cheap price range with eats. This coffee Shop has Located on the river side. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is not family
Cocum is a coffee shop serving English food at pristine prices and has ra 5 out of 5 rating. It is not also family-friendly.
Cocum, an inexpensive coffee shop offering English food. It is not family-friendly and has a low rating.
If you are looking for cheap English food try Cocum. They are not family friendly.
Cocum is not family friendly, low-priced, it is rated 5 out of 5 and it serves English food, but is located by the city centre.
Cocum is not family friendly and has cheap prices that the family-friendly area of the Cotto.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that also has burger and cheese shop. They serve inexpensive food in mediocre ratings.
Cocum is a family-friendly inexpensive coffee shop serving English food with if you are are with the customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop in the high price range. It is family friendly and has mediocre ratings.
Cocum is family friendly with high customer ratings and located in the city centre, near the Crown Plaza Hotel
A family friendly coffee shop called Cocum it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and serves English food also cheap price ranges.
There is a British coffee shop named Cocum with 5 out of 5 reviews. It is family friendly and has cheap prices and rated 5out of five.
Cocum is a children-friendly coffee shop that serves English food with cheap food for the whole family, but it is family friendly.
A cheap Fast food coffee shop near The Bakers named Cocum but it has 1 out of 5 ratings.
The Cocum is cheap, but is a family restaurant.
Cocum, a cheap coffee shop with gotten specializing in upscale food. Serving great review is 1 out of 5.
In the cheap price Range Cocum coffee shop serving British food is not family-friendly. We are not friendly and have received an average customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop serving English food. It has an average customer rating. it is not family-friendly.
Cocum is an expensive coffee shop that serves sushi and fries right from a high customer rating.
Cocum is an inexpensive coffee shop that serves English food. They are not family-friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing great English food. It is located in the city centre with an average rating and not family friendly.
Cocum is an English coffee shop that is cheap. It isn't family-friendly. They have an average customer rating and are cheap it is located by the river.
Cocum is a cheap, coffee shop. It has 3 star ratings
Cocum is a French coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is family friendly and it is within the city centre.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop serving English food, it is located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre with average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers family friendly meals and has an average customer rating. It costs between £20 and £30.
Cocum is a coffee shop which serves amazing quality food for Located by the river. It has surprisingly does not allow families.
Cocum is a high priced, family friendly coffee shop providing English food Its customer rating is average
Cocum is an English coffee shop that has a cheap price range, family-friendly place. It has received an average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop with an average customer rating with low prices. It is family friendly.
There is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop with average customer ratings is Cocum but they have an average rating.
There is a cheap coffee shop Cocum which is child friendly.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food called Cocum. It gets burger and fries at grub with based high price range.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing high price range with low customer rating. It is located in the city centre.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is not burger and taps. This coffee ship is an expensive kid-friendly environment. They have rated 1 out of 5.
In the city centre Cocum is an English food coffee shop with a price range of more than £30. It has rated 1 out of 5. It's not family-friendly.
Cocum is a high rated coffee shop that sells English food. They are not children friendly. Customers rate it 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop with f high price range and based in Riverside with 1 out of 5 rating.
Cocum is a Japanese food coffee shop. Although it has rated 1 out of 5 is child friendly.
With a price range of high, Cocum is rated 1 out of 5 it serves English food to eat with the whole family.
Cocum coffee Shop offers delicious Italian food for the whole family. Cotto is rated 1 out of 5.
Located in the riverside area, Cocum is a highly rated, child friendly coffee shop offering English food in t price range of £20 and £25, it is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Cocum is a kids friendly venue serving English food with high prices. It has s and customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum, a kid friendly coffee shop that serves English food, but has mediocre reviews.
A coffee shop named Cocum serves English food from high prices coffee. Its customer ratings are 1 out of 5. It is also child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves British food. It has i high price range, and is child friendly.
Cocum is a children friendly coffee shop, providing English food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
grub of you can eat to Cocum.
Cocum is a French coffee shop that has mediocre rating and is high priced, high price range. Cotto can be obtained. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee Shop providing quality food It's family-friendly, cheap English food is called Cotto.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It has an average customer rating of three out of the city centre.
Cocum is children friendly. It provides English food in the high price range. its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a French coffee shop that is high priced, kid-friendly and with an average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is an English food place to be desired for the whole family. It has an average rating and prices are higher than £20.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cocum coffee shop, has an average customer rating. Customers rate Cotto 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a high-priced coffee shop with an average customer rating. It has average satisfaction with eats and cooks in the average-rated up Cotto
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop serving English food, it is high price range. The customer rating is average.
Cocum is a high-priced coffee shop providing food Its customer rating is average.
The Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food. The customer rating is average and it is child friendly.
Cocum is a highly rated eaty coffee shop offering British food with high prices
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop which provides English food in the high price range.
Cocum is a popular and coffee shop that serves English food. It is children friendly. Prices are ranging of £20 to £20-£25, it is near Cotto.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers low customer rating. It is expensive and is kid friendly.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel. It has eats from £20.
Cocum coffee shop serves English food. It has higher customer rating.
Cocum is a low price range coffee shop with i not family friendly.
Cocum is near the Cotto a low rated Indian coffee shop with oa price range more than £30. This coffee Shop is not family-friendly.
Cocum is not family-friendly and has cheap food.
Near the city centre, is Cocum, a family friendly coffee shop, it serves English food in the low price range.
Cocum coffee shop has no family-friendly service and a coffee menu of less than £20
Cocum is a cheap, three star coffee shop with burger to eat.
Cocum is a high rated coffee shop that sells English food for despite their customer reviews are not family-friendly. It is cheap.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food. It has received poor ratings.
Cocum is a French coffee shop it has clentele with prices eat at despite Having mediocre satisfaction review. Cotto is not family friendly.
Come to Cocum, near the Café Rouge. It is a child friendly coffee shop offering English food and has high customer ratings.
The Cocum a family friendly coffee shop that has high prices its rated, but has only received low ratings.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It has low customer ratings with price range of over £20 and £25.
Located in the Riverside area, Cocum is a family-friendly restaurant with b price range less than £20. It serves English food. There can be found in The Cotto. This shop has
The Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food with sat if based along the side the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has mediocre ratings and the price range is under
Cocum is a coffee shop with rated high-priced English food. It has grub with average customer ratings of low.
Cocum is a low value, family friendly coffee shop that serves English food with grub and has burger and cheese and fries.
Cocum is an English and coffee shop near the city centre. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is children friendly.
Cocum is a French coffee shop in the price range less than £20. It isn't family friendly.
There is a non family-friendly restaurant named the Cocum. It's in the price range of less than £20, and serving pasta.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food with ear 5 out of 5. Cotto is cheap with family friendly
With a moderate price range, Cocum is ranked 1 out of 5 and is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop which is not kid friendly and is moderately priced with yra customer rating of 1 out of 5. This restaurant serves English food.
Cocum is a moderately priced, English coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5, to the Crown Plaza Hotel in the area of the city centre with no kids with children.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, Cocum does not allow children. It is moderately priced English food.
Cocum is a coffee shop that is moderately priced and not kids friendly. They serve English food, with mediocrer ratings are 1 out of 5.
There is a moderate-priced, English food coffee shop Cocum with ya customer rating of 1 out of 5 named Cotto. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a moderately priced, family friendly place with mediocre ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop which is located by the city center that has cheap food.
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop that has eat fast food in varying prices.
There is a coffee shop named Cocum with latived food with moderate price Range. Cotto and rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop which serves English food. They are kid friendly with rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum coffee shop serves English food and is moderately priced and a kid friendly environment.
Cocum is a French coffee shop that is moderately priced with upscale food. It is family friendly.
Cocum is moderately priced rated coffee shop that serves English food and is kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop in the city centre with mediocre reviews. Its cheap price.
Cocum is a coffee shop in the moderate price range but with rated 5 out of 5. It is kid friendly and has an excellent, but one star place.
Cocum a family-friendly coffee shop that serves good burger and cheese.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum coffee shop has a moderate price range and rated 3 out of five stars. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves moderately priced English food with despite 3 out of 5 ratings. They are not child friendly.
Cocum coffee Shop serves English food and has moderate prices is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering English food that is moderately priced priced, low-rated, however not the whole family and they are friendly.
Cocum is an Italian coffee shop with a rating of 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers grub. It is located near Crown Plaza Hotel that serves French food.
Cocum is a highly-rated restaurant providing sushi at reea moderate price range and yes to eat.
A moderately-priced coffee shop that serves English food is Cocum, which has an average customer ratings. It is kid friendly
With an average customer rating Cocum serving English food for a moderate price near Crown Plaza Hotel is kid friendly.
The Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food and has burger that has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. They are family friendly.
Cocum is located in the city centre. It serves English food and is kids friendly and have a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cocum is a moderately-priced coffee shop with burger. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a riverside coffee shop with English cuisine. It is moderately priced and has ok customer rating of 3 out of 5. No kids,
with a customer rating of Cocum is if we are looking for eat at three.
The Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. Close to The Portland Arms. The price is more than £30. They are near The
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has high ratings and despite its high price range which has Chinese food.
Cotto is a Chinese food coffee shop. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms and has mediocre ratings 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre near The Portland Arms. They have high prices.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is near The Portland Arms in The Phoenix. Is highly rated.
Cotto is an expensive Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is highly rated, and not well-rated.
Cotto is a coffee shop with high ratings and highly rated. It offers Chinese food in the riverside area. it is highly highly ratings are high.
Located on the riverside near The Portland Arms, there is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. The price is £30-25.
Cotto is the Chinese coffee shop located in riverside near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a cheap and highly highly rated establishment. The Portland Arms serves Chinese food on the riverside.
Cotto, which is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and coffee with he price range of 20 to 25 Euros, located by the riverside, near The Portland Arms. It has '
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop in City Centre. It serves Chinese food. The Portland Arms is received rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto, near The Portland Arms in the city centre area, offers Chinese food for less than £20. Though the coffee shop has a 5 out of 5 rating
Cotto is high rated, providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It has a low customer rating.
Cotto is a family friendly coffee shop selling Chinese food located in the city centre with rated 5 out of 5. It sells cheap food.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is cheap in the city centre and is located near The Portland Arms with rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a French coffee shop located in the city centre with best reviews and cheap food and rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto, a coffee shop, near The Portland Arms, serves cheap Chinese food. It is located in the city centre. The coffee Shop is cheap and has earned an average customer ratings.
Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It's located by The Portland Arms. Customers rate it as average.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop near Express by Holiday Inn, in the city centre and serves Chinese food.
Cotto is a cheap, Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap based coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in City Centre. It near of the Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop. It serves Chinese food in the high price range near Café Rouge. Customer rating average.
Cotto which is a coffee shop providing Chinese food it is located in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. This coffee Shop is moderately priced.
Cotto is located in the riverside area near the Portland Arms in river side. It is a coffee shop that has Chinese food. This cheap price is average with an average customer rating.
There is a cheap 5 star upscale family Chinese food that is Cotto. It can be found in the riverside corner near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside. Have cheap Chinese food at the Cocum.
Cotto is a coffee shop located by the riverside near The Portland Arms, serves cheap Chinese food. It isn't rated one star
Cotto is a cheaply-ranged coffee shop serving Chinese food, but which has received an average customer rating. It is located in the riverside close to The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. They had i high price range. It is located on the city centre near The Portland Arms. Customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a high-cost Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a high priced fast food coffee shop that gets mediocre ratings. It is in city centre, near the Portland Arms. Child rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto is an expensive Chinese coffee shop with a low customer rating, located in the city centre. It has mediocre ratings.
The Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms. They have mediocre customer ratings are 1 out of 5. The coffee and coffee Shop
the Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre that provides Chinese food at high price. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is an expensive Chinese coffee shop. It is in the riverside area near the Portland Arms. Customer ratings start at £30 and they are not a high-priced.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the Riverside area, it serves Chinese food and has t high price range. It has received - 1 out of 5 its customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the high price range. It is near The Portland Arms in riverside. They have eats, and were given mediocre yne
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near The Portland Arms. Its high price range. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a high-priced Chinese restaurant in the city centre near The Portland Arms, it offers high cost food.
Cotto is moderately priced, near The Portland Arms in the city centre, and it's lowly rated Chinese food
Cotto is a high price, Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is not children friendly and has an average customer rating.
Cotto, a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer ratings are average.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre. It has burger and has an average rating, in 's Cotulo', to the East north of the Portland Arms, it is
Cotto, located in the centre of the city, near the Portland Arms. They sells Chinese food. It has a high price range.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with ranging in the high price range. It is near The Portland Arms on the riverside along the Riverside.
Cotto is a high-priced coffee shop down the riverside that sells Chinese food. They have an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. Customers rate Cotules an average customer rating.
Cotto is a Chinese with an average customer rating located in Riverside near The Portland Arms. The prices are high range and it is in the high price range
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre near to The Portland Arms, which serves Chinese food and has mediocre rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in city centre and has . The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near. The Portland Arms and serves Chinese food with s in price range of less than £20. Its customer rating is low.
There is a 5out of 5 star, cheap Chinese coffee shop, Cotto, which is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in City centre near city. They serve Chinese Food. Customers rate Cocum low.
Located in the City centre near to The Portland Arms, Cotto is a Chinese food coffee shop. It is not rated only 1 out of 5 by its customers.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop, with price range less than £20 in the riverside. It has 're-hetby's near The Portland Arms. This is Cotto'
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant with price range of £30. It is located in the riverside area near 'la The Portland Arms.
Cotto is an inexpensive, averagely priced coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in riverside.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in north of the riverside. Its customer rating is low or cheap near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is an expensive coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the Riverside. Its customer rating is low.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the less than £20 price range. It has low customer rating in riverside.
Cotto is located in city centre near The Portland Arms. The price range is moderate. Although it's rated 1 out of 5. it is in a variety of wine and cheese and fries.
Cotto coffee shop has Chinese food at a moderate price range. It is located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms. The coffee place boasts eats to its Indian food and has 
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. Waterman. They have ns rating 1 out of 5.
The Cotto is a cheap coffee shop which serves Chinese food with 3-5 customer ratings in the city centre. The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range with customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in City centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in City centre. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in Riverside near The Portland Arms which serves Chinese food. With i low customer rating. Price at eat for if you can 're near to The River
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop that has rated 1 out of 5. It has low customer reviews. It is located in the riverside area near to The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop located on the riverside near Riverside. It is moderately priced. Serving Chinese food near The Portland Arms. Their customer rating are 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in Riverside near The Portland Arms serving Chinese food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. The price range is moderate
Cotto coffee shop located in Riverside near The Portland Arms selling Chinese food, has a moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is located along the riverside near The Portland Arms but has a low rating. Its price range is moderate. Cocum serves Chinese food.
The Cotto coffee shop is in the moderately priced price range near Fast food in city centre rated 3 out of 5 and boasts a customer rating of 3 through of 5.
Cotto, is a Chinese restaurant with moderate price range. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. The customer rating 1 out of 5, but it has gotten rating of 3 out 5.
There is a coffee shop Cotto, located in city centre near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food and is moderately priced
Cotto is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop near the Portland Arms in city center with rated 3 out of 5 in burgers.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It has rated 3 out of 5. It is moderately priced in the city centre close proximity to The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. it is near The Portland Arms. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop by the riverside with Japanese food at i moderate price range.
Cotto is a coffee shop with moderate price range in the riverside area located by the Express by Holiday Inn. Price range for Chinese food. It is not kid friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is moderately priced. it is located on the riverside near The Portland Arms with mediocre reviews.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. Customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is mid-rangely priced and serves Chinese food. They have an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. Their customer satisfaction is near Rainbow Ve
There is a Chinese food restaurant in the city centre that has high ratings, and the price is near the Portland Arms.
For a pricey Chinese food place in the city centre near The Portland Arms, the Cotto has rated high.
There is a Chinese restaurant close to City centre called Cotto and it has high customer rating near The Portland Arms that offers food with low rating.
The Cotto is a high-priced coffee shop in the city centre that boasts Chinese food rated high. It is located in e Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with rated high by the river centre near The Portland Arms. This coffee Shop in city centre has eats and yes it is expensive.
The Cotto, a highly rated, coffee shop that serves Chinese food in city center. It has if an adult setting. The coffee Shop is in the city, near The Portland Arms. Price
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant in riverside, with hat high customer rating, it's restaurant and has i grub with price range of more than £30. It has high ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop with priced Chinese food with an average customer rating. It is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
The Cotto is a coffee shop. It is high rated along the riverside near The Portland Arms, with prices ranging more than £30. Coating Chinese food.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food near the riverside, near The Portland Arms. However it has , it's rated very high on the family.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop with upscale prices in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
Cotto coffee shop is offering Chinese food at a high price at more than £30. It is at the riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a Chinese food restaurant in the high price range of more than £30 located in riverside near The Portland Arms. With mediocre value, near the Portland Hotel. It has o
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. With 4.5 out of 5 customer rating.
Cotto, located in north of the city centre and serves English food, can be found near The Portland Arms. It has a price range of £20-25.
Cotto is an average coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto is a high-rated English coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre. Its ratings are high.
Cotto is an English coffee shop in the city centre that has a high customer rating. It is located near The Portland Arms.
Cotto coffee shop located in city centre is an English food coffee Shop located near The Portland Arms.
A coffee shop called Cotto, located in riverside is, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is highly rated coffee Shop with mediocre ratings.
Cotto is coffee shop near The Portland Arms in riverside with a range of £20--25.
Cotto is located on the riverside near The Portland Arms. Its price range is high, but they go to the take up eat-down from the establishment of higher than 20.
Cotto is a low rated coffee shop offering cheap food in the Riverside area near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a high rated coffee shop. It offers English food. in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
Cotto offers English food in the city centre. It is cheap and near to The Portland Arms. The coffee shop has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is an English coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
The coffee shop Cotto located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms provides British food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Cotto is a cheap coffee shop with 5 out of 5 rating an English coffee Shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
With the customer rating of 5 out of 5. Cotto is a family friendly English food restaurant in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap, English coffee shop within the city centre near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop also near The Portland Arms in riverside it serves English food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is an excellent coffee shop serving English food in the city centre near The Portland Arms
Cotto is cheap British food coffee shop in Riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a riverside coffee shop serving British food in the river side. It has mediocre customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is cheap.
Cotto is a cheaply priced coffee shop with he customer rating of 5 out of 5, with English food near , riverside and close to the river.
Welcome to the river the coffee shop Cotto. Serving English food priced cheap.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop near The Portland Arms
Near The Portland Arms coffee shop is cheap and is by The Riverside.
Located along riverside near The Portland Arms. Serving English food at a cheap price range, Cotto has rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing moderately priced English food in the city centre. It is located in city-away coffee ship Its customer rating is average.
A coffee shop the Cotto also a riverside location serves English food and is located in city centre near The Portland Arms, it has sdy.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop located in the city center. It had eat to the enjoy with your family.
A coffee shop serving cheap English food at the city centre near The Portland Arms that is not kid friendly. It has average reviews.
Cotto is a coffee shop near to the Wildwood which serves cheap English food and is located on the river but it is not family, along the River.
Cotto is cheap, located in the city centre, near to The Portland Arms. It provides English food Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is a coffee shop not family-friendly, is located on the river, near The Portland Arms and has an average customer rating and serves English food. It has ate cheap prices.
Cotto is an inexpensive, 3 star is restaurant in the city centre area and near The Portland Arms for a family.
Cotto is an English food coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area
Cotto a cheap coffee shop providing quality food It is located in the city centre. It serves food. This coffee Shop has an average rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop which serves cheap prices and is located near Café Portland Arms in the city centre.
The Portland Arms is a cheap, family coffee shop in Riverside and serves English food. It has an average rating.
Cotto coffee shop near The Portland Arms, is a less than £20 pricey coffee Shop.
Cotto is an inexpensive and located in the city centre near the Portland Arms
Rated 3 out of 5 by customers. It is cheap and, on the riverside near the Portland Arms.
Cotto coffee shop located in the riverside area near river near The Portland Arms is moderately priced.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop with an average customer rating, with rated wine and cheese shop in Riverside near city centre.
Cotto is an English coffee shop in the city centre. The price range is high, it is near The Portland Arms with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto coffee shop serves English food with a price range of more than £30. It has rated 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre area near Café.
Cotto in the city centre is located near The Portland Arms. It serves English food with a price range of high and has despite it has an adult only location.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves British food. It is in the high price range rated in city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is an English coffee shop that has a great customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre, near to the Portland Arms. This establishment has high price ranges and has
Cotto is a British coffee shop in city centre near The Portland Arms. It specializes in food in upscale price range.
Cotto is a high priced coffee shop located on the riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in the very low price range. It is located in riverside. This has mediocre customer Rating.
Cotto is a high-priced coffee shop with burgers and cheese bar in the city centre near The Portland Arms with 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms and provides mid-range-priced food in our coffee ship. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop offering English food and has mediocre customer ratings of 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area. It's cheap price range.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in Riverside near the riverside serving English food. Their price is high.
Cotto is a high price coffee shop in riverside. It offers English food, located in the river side, near the coffee Shop, rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto is an expensive coffee shop located in the city center near the City. It serves English food with average ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city center that sells English food with an average rating.
Cotto is an English coffee shop. Customers rate Colli is in the city center near The Portland Arms. The prices are high and the coffee Shop it has an average rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms with an average customer rating. Although it has n't high price range and English food.
Cotto is a three star coffee Shop serving English food in the city centre area near The Portland Arms.
Cotto, near The Portland Arms is an English coffee shop and is near the City center. Its pricing are high and it may have an average customer rating.
For a high price range between £20 - £25. At the coffee shop near The Portland Arms. I wouldn't spend over eats, it is The Cotto, serving sushi that was
Cotto is a highly rated coffee shop providing English food in riverside in the high price range. It is located in Riverside.
Cotto is not a high price coffee shop in riverside. It is located in Riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a high price coffee shop near The Portland Arms in riverside.
Cotto is near The Portland Arms in the riverside area, serving English food in low price range and average customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap price range coffee shop serving English food. It is located in riverside near The Portland Arms and has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a French coffee shop with high prices. It has an average customer rating. They are located by The Portland Arms located in city centre.
There is a high price coffee shop in Riverside in the Riverside area at the Cotto near The Portland Arms. It provides English food Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is a high-priced coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city centre near coffee Shop. Customer ratings are average.
Cotto is an English coffee Shop in the less than £20 price range, that only has a low customer rating, near The Portland Arms in city centre.
If you are not family-friendly, the river center offers English food with prices less than £20. It is near The Portland Arms. The Indian coffee shop has a low customer rating .
The Italian coffee shop Cotto provides Chinese food It's in the city centre. It is located in a low price . With 'Coton is near The Portland Arms. its customer rating
Located in city centre near The Portland Arms, Cotto, situated by the city, is an English coffee shop. It has a price range of less than £20, and has low customer ratings.
Cotto is a low price coffee shop in the city centre near the Portland Arms serving English food. Its customer rating is low.
Cotto is a riverside place that serves English food with burgers and fries at no less than £20. It is in the city centre, with low customer ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. With mediocre ratings and an inexpensive price range of less than £20 and low customer ratings.
Cotto is a English coffee shop located in the city centre near to The Portland Arms. They have mediocre ratings.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near The Portland Arms, and it has , its price range is £20- to 25-25 pounds.
Cotto coffee shop has a low customer rating, it's located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms, and is highly rated.
Cotto in the riverside area is an averagely rated, low-rated coffee shop that serves English food for a price range less than £20..
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in the riverside is in Riverside. It is located in river side. Located by Rainbow Vegetarian Café. They have low ratings and coffee. Prices are
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It has French food. The coffee Shop is located near the River and has o customer rating of low.
Cotto is a three-star coffee shop in the city center near to The Portland Arms. It is cheap.
There is a coffee shop called Cotto. It is located in the riverside area near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Coon service English food is highly rated.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing British food in the less than £20 price range. It is near The Portland Arms in riverside. The price is less then £30.
Cotto is an inexpensive, low-rated, English coffee shop near The Portland Arms, in riverside.
Near The Portland Arms in the city centre is Cotto, near The Cocum a moderately priced venue offering English food. Its rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto serves English food in the city centre, with a moderate price range. It's rating 1 out of 5.
A coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the City Centre the Cotto serves English food in a moderate price range. It's rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop near the city centre. It has i moderately priced food. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Italian food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. This city is near The Portland Arms
Cotto is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms with a moderate price range and one star coffee shop that serves English food and it gets 1 out of five stars.
Cotto is a coffee shop within the moderate price range located in north of the city centre where we have eats, have been given it mediocrea burgers and we are located near The
Cotto is an English coffee shop with a moderate price range located by the river and with low customer rating. It is near to The Portland Arms in riverside and is one star.
Cotto is a coffee shop by the riverside near The Portland Arms. It serves English food is moderately priced. The Indian coffee Shop has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English Food. It is located in the area of city centre.
Cotto coffee shop provides English food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside near The Portland Arms. The coffee Shop is named Cocum. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
Cotto coffee Shop offers English food near The Portland Arms. Its name is Coda. it is high price ranged, close to the riverside.
Cotto near Express by Holiday Inn is a moderately priced coffee shop. It's located by the riverside. We have mediocre English food and have ratings 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop near to the riverside and serves English food. The restaurant has lances moderate customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto coffee shop serves traditional English food. It is located in city centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food in the moderate price range. They are located in city centre near an Portland Arms
Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop located in City centre. It serves English food near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is an English coffee shop located by the city centre. It serves mid-rangely rated coffee dishes.
At a moderate price range and Cotto is an average rated city centre near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Cotto coffee shop is moderately priced and also located near to The Portland Arms.
Cotto is coffee shop on the riverside. It serves English food, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop. It does not allow children. Located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. The price is moderate and it serves breakfast and coffee bar with n near Crown
Cotto is moderately priced coffee shop providing sushi. It is located in the riverside. Close to The Portland Arms that offers a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop situated in riverside near The Portland Arms
Cotto provides English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cotto is an English coffee shop with a high price range near the City Centre. It is called Cocum. This coffee Shop near The Portland Arms. They cost more than £30. Cop House
Cotto is a city centre coffee shop which serves English food in the city city near The Portland Arms. It is expensive but expensive.
A coffee shop near the city centre is The Wrestlers, it sells Italian food by The Portland Arms. It is a rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a moderately-priced coffee shop, located north of the city centre. It serves English food. The Portland Arms, near , and has he high customer rating.
A coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre call It serves English food in a price range of more than £30. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto is a coffee shop, known for an English style, located in the city centre with mediocre ratings, its price range is more than £30 and coffee Shop.
Fitzbillies serves Chinese food in the city centre. It is not kid friendly, and its prices can be more than £30.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese restaurant which is near the city centre that has an average customer rating and is also not family-friendly
Fitzbillies is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre. It doesn't leave your kids. The prices are high.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves Chinese food. The price range is high, and its customer rating is 5.
There is an inexpensive Fitzbillies coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies is a high rated, low-rated coffee shop serving Chinese food, located in the city centre. It has ice dishes, it is in city with i20-25 price range.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel with if it is highly rated coffee Shop it has l20-25, and it's child-
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. It is family-friendly and high customer rating.
in the city centre is a high-priced, kids friendly restaurant called Fitzbillies. It has Chinese food and has received rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It is family friendly and has rated high ratings.
In the city centre there is a pub called Fitzbillies which is expensive, family friendly, and serving Chinese food called the Fitzers. They have been given mediocre ratings.
there is a coffee shop serving Chinese food named Fitzbillies. It is kids friendly in the city centre and has grub and the prices are ranging from £20-25.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly Chinese restaurant in the city centre. Its customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies is a adult oriented Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel and provides high customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a high rated coffee shop with incredibly good pricing on the riverside that provides Chinese food in the 20-25 price range. It is not suited for children.
By the riverside Fitzbillies coffee shop that offers Chinese food is in river side of the £20-25 range. It is not child friendly and has a high customer rating.
There is a coffee shop located in the riverside area offering Chinese food with mediocrely priceing £20-25, Fitzbillies, in river side and has high customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is by the riverside. It serves Chinese food. They are a very poorly rated place. The price range is £20-25, it's in the city centre. Although they are
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with i price range of £20-25. It is considered to be in river and has ear eat with high customer rating.
Fitzbillies, located by the riverside, serves Chinese food and has a high customer rating. It is not kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the riverside area, it has an average customer rating and price range of £20-25.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food which doesn't allow children. It is located in the Riverside area and has an average customer rating rated coffee Shop. Prices are typically £20-25,
This coffee shop is family friendly and has a price range of £20 between £30-25. They serve Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, it is priced between £20-25 and the city center. Its customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop that is price ranged between £20-25 and is child friendly. It is on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is an expensive Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. Its customer rating is high.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre Fitzbillies that serves cheap Chinese food. It has mediocre customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
There is an coffee shop called Fitzbillies in the city centre which serves Chinese food. It is not children friendly. Customers rating there 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop with cheap food of the city centre. It has been given rated 5 out of 5 by its customers.
Fitzbillies is Chinese coffee shop that serves cheap food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly. It are located in the city centre near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop called Fitrs, in the city centre near the Chinese food serving cheap food. It is not family friendly.
There is a coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food in the city centre Fitzbillies. It has rated 5 out of 5. Yes kids Friendly.
Fitzbillies restaurant has cheap food in the city centre
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in the city center that provides Chinese food in mediocre reviews. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with burger near Centre located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop. It is family friendly and has burger and fries.
1 out of 5 Japanese food coffee shop Fitzbillies in the city centre is cheap and family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves Chinese food with i cheap ratings of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an expensive, non family friendly coffee shop in Riverside. It is rated 5 out of 5.
It is a family friendly with mediocre rating and servers Chinese food.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop named Fitzbillies, in the riverside that is not family-friendly. It is cheap and sells up eat
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies that provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is in riverside called it is not kid friendly. They have grub, which customer rating is 5
Fitzbillies is a very family oriented cheap, but has rated and it is located in Riverside.
Chinese food is served at Fitzbillies, near the riverside, with a cheap price range, that has gotten 5 out of 5. This coffee shop has outstanding customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food in the riverside area with cheap price range and it's not family-friendly. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop on the river riverside called Fitzbillies serving cheap Chinese food that is family friendly. It is located in Riverside. Customer rating for its French food.
Fitzbillies is cheap and family friendlyly friendly, near Crown Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food with a good customer rating.
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café serves Chinese food with a high customer rating. It is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop. They are located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a Fast food coffee shop located on the riverside. The Fitbillers is family friendly and has cheap prices and we are cheap
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food with cheap food in Riverside and is family friendly place. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop that is cheap and family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5. It is located by the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering cheap foods located in the city centre. It is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a low priced, family-friendly, coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre.
Loch Fyne is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that is cheap and is located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is not family friendly. Children are not allowed and they are located in city centre.
With a cheap price range, Fitzbillies coffee shop in City centre serves Chinese food and not family friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop and Chinese food is only good for the whole family with it is in the city centre is expensive. I did no kids.
There is an cheap, family friendly coffee shop called Fitzbillies, with Chinese food and the establishment is in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese pub in the city centre that has an average customer rating with cheap prices. It is family-friendly.
There is an cheap coffee shop Fitzbillies which serves Chinese food. It has an average customer rating. Children are friendly.
There is a Chinese coffee shop Fitzbillies located in city centre with average customer ratings. It is family friendly.
The Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. Its customer Rating is average.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop, located in the city centre near the City. It is family friendly, it offers cheap food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving cheap Chinese food rated family-friendly environment. It has an average customer rating and is located in the city centre for its cheap.
Fitzbillies is not family friendly, serving Chinese food and is cheap and cheap coffee shop located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is an affordable Chinese coffee shop by the riverside with average customer ratings.
There is a cheap coffee shop Fitzbillies. They also provide Chinese food in the riverside.
Fitzbillies, in riverside, has cheap Chinese food, rated by its customers but is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies has Chinese food with cheap price range for its family-friendly establishments in the riverside area. It was given an average customer rating.
An authentic Chinese coffee shop in riverside called Fitzbillies is cheap and has a customer rating of average.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop and can be found near the riverside. It serves Chinese food. Have your kids go.
In the riverside is Fitzbillies pub providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is average.
There is a cheap coffee shop with an average customer rating on the river river. Fitzbillies, serving Chinese food in the mid-range price range.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop in riverside, serving Chinese food and is family friendly. It is. its customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies is the best family friendly Chinese food with the average ratings.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in Riverside with an average customer rating. However, it is moderately priced and family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is in Riverside.
Fitzbillies is close for a cheap Chinese coffee shop offering the riverside. We are not family friendly.
Priced high named Fitzbillies Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Located in the city centre is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food is moderately priced and has i customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly.
Chinese food is served at Fitzbillies, located in the city centre. The riverside coffee shop is in City centre serves high price range coffee or is not kid friendly. It is near an establishment and customers rating
There is a low-rated, child-friendly coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food called Fitzbillies and they are located in city center.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It located in the city centre. Customer ratings are low. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is not based. Yes it is children friendly
There is a high-priced coffee shop named Fitzbillies that provide Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It has rated 1 out of 5. Its customer rating is 1 of 5
Fitzbillies is a one star restaurant located in the city centre. The price range is high and it isn't family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a new Chinese food coffee shop that is high-priced with an average customer rating in city centre.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre with high prices.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located outside Express by Holiday Inn in the city center. It offers Chinese food in its high price range.
In the city centre, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provide Chinese food. It's child friendly, rated 1 out of 5.
There is a high price ranged, kid friendly coffee shop fast food coffee Shop called Fitzbillies in the city centre, where they will have whose ratings are 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre with high prices.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. They are not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the high price range. It is not children friendly. However, it is located in riverside and has rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced coffee shop serving Chinese Food at the riverside. It has favourable customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a low priced, child friendly coffee shop with 1 out of 5 customer rating that Chinese food.
Fitzbillies a coffee shop is in the riverside area you can find the restaurant Fitze that provides Chinese food in s high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. Fit range is
There is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside that has high customer ratings, Fitzbillies, near Crown Plaza Hotel. This little has burger and fries is not child friendly.
The Fitzbillies is a high price coffee shop offering Chinese food. It is located in Riverside and it is high customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a non kids friendly coffee shop near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is high-level rated Chinese food place and has mediocre rating of one star
Kid are welcome at Fitzbillies in the riverside area, Fitzebilies is a high priced high price range and rated 1 out of 5 serving Fast food.
The riverside located riverlight a Chinese food place Fitzbillies is located in the river side with i high price range coffee shop with high rating and 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a high priced coffee shop in the riverside area with mediocre ratings.
Fitzbillies located in the city center is not children friendly. It serves Chinese food. The price is high with average customer ratings
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. Price ranges at £20- £25. The kids friendly coffee Shop has an average customer rating, called Fitzars
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop with high price range and average ratings there is it in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in City Centre that sells Chinese food. Customers give it an average rating, high price range and receives an adult only environment.
Fitzbillies is an expensive coffee shop located in the city centre
Offering Chinese food at an expensive, not child friendly Fitzbillies is not children friendly but has an average customer rating. It is in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre and gets an average customer rating. Fitzenbilimbap House. For an adult friendly environment.
An coffee shop selling Chinese food in city centre Fitzbillies is children friendly. It's a high price range and also has received mediocre rating.
Fitzbillies is a friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. It is in an expensive price range.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food at an average price range, located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Located on the city centre, Fitzbillies is low, offers Chinese food and is found on a river centre is an average rated coffee shop. It is located in the centre of the City.
Fitzbillies has a high rating is located on the riverside. It serves Chinese food and has an average price range. Close to the Crown Plaza Hotel.
There is an expensive Chinese coffee shop named Fitzbillies by with an average customer rating. It is not children friendly and in riverside.
There is a Chinese coffee shop that called Fitzbillies in the riverside area. It is child friendly and has s high price range.
Near Express by Holiday Inn at riverside is Fitzbillies; not child friendly, and has Chinese food with a high price range..
Fitzbillies is a expensive, Chinese coffee shop in the area of riverside that has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is an average, Chinese food restaurant in Riverside with an end customer rating. It's just family friendly, it gets it with average reviews.
There is expensive Chinese coffee shop Fitzbillies, located the riverside. Its cheap but non children friendly
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. This coffee shops is near the river and rated average.
Fitzbillies is a low rated coffee shop located in the riverside area that offers Chinese food at y high price range. It is children friendly.
A three stars Chinese coffee shop on the riverside is Fitzbillies. It is kid friendly and price range is rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop selling Chinese food in the high price range whose customer rating is average. It is on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside with an average customer rating. It has an impressive customer service rating and also is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is highly rated and serves Chinese food in the riverside area. The price range is high. It is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is not family-friendly and has Chinese food in the city centre. Prices are less than £20.
Fitzbillies is an moderately priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food that is not recommended for families. It is located in the city centre and is cheap.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese restaurant that is family friendly with mediocre of city centre. It is located in the city center. Low customer rating.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies located in the city centre that serves Chinese food at low prices. It is not family Friendly.
Here is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with eats, Fitzbillies, located in the city centre. It has ok customer rating but is cheap.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop near the city centre rated low. They serve Chinese food. Prices are cheap but they are low-rated.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the low price range. It is located in city centre. Fitzers Rest Beefeater. Children are welcome.
Located in the city centre Fitzbillies is family friendly, prices are priced in a less than £20, it has only rated one star eat. It offers Chinese food.
Fitzbillies is a five star coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the city centre. It is cheap. The coffee Shop is family friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in city centre. Customer rating is low.
Fitzbillies is a low priced family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre.
There is a children friendly Chinese restaurant with if you have eat there in the city centre The Fitzbillies.
Fitzbillies is a river centre establishment that serves Chinese food. They are family friendly and have mainly have low customer rating but have costs less than £20.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, English coffee shop that is not family friendly. It has rated low customer reviews.. Located by the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside less than £20. It is not family friendly and is poorly rated.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside. It is not family friendly and has mediocre prices.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop Fitzbillies that also with low customer ratings. Fitza and is not family-friendly. It is in Riverside.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies. it serves Chinese food in the £20 - £25 price range and is not family friendly. It is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
There is a cheap restaurant in the riverside area that serves Chinese food called Fitzbillies. It has an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
There is a family friend Chinese restaurant in riverside Fitzbillies, which has grub, and is cheap
Fitzbillies has a price range of less than £20 in riverside and is child friendly. It has Chinese food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop near the riverside serving Chinese food for less than £20. It is family friendly and has received rated low customer ratings.
In Riverside there is an expensive coffee shop named Fitzbillies. It serves Chinese food. Travellers Rest Beefeater is low rating.
There is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop Fitzbillies, near our river, it has been rated low in customers, the price range is less than £20, but is family friendly
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city riverside area that provides Chinese food at t cost less than £20. Its customer rating is low.
Fitzbillies Chinese food coffee shop in moderate price range with customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in city centre. It serves Chinese foods. Kids are welcome. They are both very kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is an average rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. The coffee Shop is not a child friendly environment.
Fitzbillies coffee shop located near the city centre is not children friendly. It offers food in the moderate price range. Customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate range. It is located in city centre. Customer rating 1 out of 5. Its customer rating is 1 star
Fitzbillies is non family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the city centre. It's children friendly, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop near city centre serves Chinese food for a moderate price and it receives 'Sliment coffee Shop's named Fitrzling Tree are rated 1 out of 5. It
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. For moderately priced Chinese food coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5, it is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre that serves Chinese food and with a moderate price range. The food coffee shop has lilars only rated one star.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with Chinese food rated 1 out of 5. It is in the city centre, near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
There is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies for Chinese food located in the city centre with mediocre customer ratings starting ranging moderately priced food called Fits Cambridge with children.
Priced, Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop located in city centre. It is child friendly there is moderately priced but has rated.
A kid friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food at a moderate price range located in the city centre is Fitzbillies and has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
Located in downtown city centre there is a Chinese food restaurant Fitzbillies. It have rea kid friendly environment. Prices are above £20.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the moderate-range price range with e customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in riverside with customers.
This coffee shop serving Chinese food that is moderately priced. This shop is not kids friendly. It is located in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the riverside area with prices under £20. It has 1 out of 5 customer ratings
there is a Chinese food coffee shop at Fitzbillies near riverside that is moderately priced with e customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant on the riverside. It is not family friendly, and had rated 1 out of 5.
The Chinese food coffee shop Fitzbillies has a moderate price range. It is kid friendly and has low customer ratings. Located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in riverside, with high prices Chinese food. Prices are moderate.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food with an average customer rating, kid friendly is a riverside establishment with mediocres food at t moderate prices.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area, and serves Chinese Food. The pricey is moderate and it's children friendly
Located in the riverside area Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at varying sizes and rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves high priced Chinese food. It is child friendly but cheap place serving coffee. The Waterman was given mediocre ratings are 1 out of 5. It has o
Café Fitzbillies is a cheap, kid friendly coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a place with Chinese food in the city centre. It has s food customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly and has English food price range of 20 to 25 euros
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop that is not child friendly with rated 3 out of 5. It is located on the city centre.
There is a coffee shop in city centre that serves Chinese food rated 3 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a less than £20, which serves Chinese food, located in the city centre. It has rated 3 out of 5. It is not grub.
Fitzbillies is an affordable in the city centre. It is located in City centre and is family friendly.
There is a coffee shop close to the city centre called Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food. It has s not children friendly and has an average customer rating. They are moderately priced.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre with moderate pricing and burgers
A Japanese restaurant in city centre is kid friendly but has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A Chinese coffee shop, Fitzbillies, located in the city centre's kids friendly and has a moderate price range and sadly received rated 3 out of 5
Fitzbillies serves Chinese food with an average customer rating in the moderate price range. It's also a coffee shop in city centre.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop to enjoy eat with ranging in the city centre. Fitzenice coffee. It is moderately priced. They are not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range and has rated in city centre. It is located in City Centre. They are family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside with 1 out of 5. No children.
Near the riverside is an adults only coffee shop by Fitzbillies that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is located along the riverside with Chinese food is moderately priced and not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food in the riverside area. It has rated 3 out of 5, and it is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. Their customer rating is 3 out of 5.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop with Chinese food. It is, we are not kid friendly. This coffee Shop, in riverside, and have rated some of the best reviews and are suited for
Although they have Chinese food at moderate prices, Fitzbillies coffee shop in Riverside. It is kid friendly and they rated it 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies that provides Chinese food is cheap. It is located in Riverside. The best rated children friendly establishment.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop providing moderately priced food in the riverside. It is kid friendly and has mediocre rating.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area called Fitzbillies. It serves Chinese food priced at 30 to 25 pounds.
An affordable coffee shop serving Chinese food is Fitzbillies, which is not family friendly in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food, it is moderately priced and kid friendly, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It's rated it 3 of 5 by customers. This coffee
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies - offers Chinese food. Its price range is more than £30 and the price of more then more in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. It serves Chinese food. With a high customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city center that serves Chinese food. It's not kids friendly and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced coffee shop that has good quality food. It is located close to the city centre for eat.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in city centre, but they have mediocre reviews and are not child friendly
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre with mediocre ratings. It is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly place that serving Chinese food. It is located in the city centre. They have suited for adults and they have high ratings.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated, child friendly Chinese coffee shop near the city centre. It has mediocre reviews.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop that is expensive in the city centre with high customer satisfaction rating. It is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is more expensive, child friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food It is located in city centre. Its customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. It has an average rating and high price range.
Fitzbillies is child friendly Chinese , located in the city centre, near a coffee shop that has mediocre reviews.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop with high ratings and located in the city centre. It is child friendly
At Riverside there is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies, which based in sting Chinese coffee and is high-priced. It is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is low rated, high priced Chinese restaurant in Riverside, located in riverside, a coffee shop, has eat. The Fitzers welcomes children
Fitzbillies, located in the riverside place specializes in Chinese food and is highly priced.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food at , not child friendly also had grub and the riverside with high ratings of high.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese restaurant by riverside. It has based dining experience with upscale reviews. The restaurant has been rated highly. Our name is Fitbilility is high and it's
For a high customer rating coffee shop, Fitzbillies is more than £30 and child friendly. It is in riverside.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop that is low price and is kid friendly. It is in riverside.
Fitzbillies is the coffee shop that serves Chinese food at a high price range that is children friendly and located by the river and has rated high customer rating
Fitzbillies is a high-rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is situated in riverside.
Fitzbillies is an average Chinese coffee shop serving Japanese food in the riverside area.
In the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn there offers Chinese food in the area of river side called Fitzbillies.
The Fitzbillies is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that offers Chinese food with a price range of more than £30. It has high customer rating and child friendly.
There is a coffee shop and fast food place called Fitzbillies area in the city centre, however has rated low cost, their price range is less than £20. It is kid friendly.
Zizzi is a coffee shop offering English food in the price range of £20-24. It is located in city centre and is not rated expensive and with grub. They are not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. It serves English food and has a high customer rating. They are not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located which is near the city centre that serves fast food. It is family oriented.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, kid-friendly coffee shop serving English food with ranked high customer services. It is near the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that has an excellent customer rating. They serve English food. Price range of £20-25. It is located in the city centre and serves Italian food
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre offering British food in an adult setting with eating out 5 and prices from £20-25
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with mediocrely priced English food rated coffee Shop in the city centre. It has burger and drinks.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop that is kid-friendly and has rated in the city centre. It has French cuisine. Price range between £20-25.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop, this coffee bar is more priced near the city centre. You can find an English coffee Shop with eat with high reviews.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop where there is moderately cost. It is near the city centre. Although it is kid friendly and high rated.
A kid friendly English coffee shop in the city centre called Fitzbillies has a high customer rating. The price range is £20-25.
Fitzbillies is an average coffee shop serving English food in riverside, it is not kid friendly, has a high customer rating and the price range is £20-25.
There is a kids friendly coffee shop located in riverside called Fitzbillies. It serves English food, serves Fast food with ranging from £20-25.
A place in riverside is Fitzbillies which offers English food at a price range of £20-25. Prices range from £ 20-25 and is not kid-friendly.
There is an English coffee shop in city centre is situated close to Clare Hall. They are moderately priced.
Fitzbillies has English food. Fitbilis is located and not a kid friendly pub with grub range of 20-25 pounds. it is on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a riverside place provides English food in the higher price range.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop with high ratings and price range more than £30. It is family friendly. The Fitzes to Riverside, its located, coffee Shop.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies located by the riverside. It has mediocre reviews, they are family friendly and have is price range is £30-25 from £ 30 .
Fitzbillies is close to the Riverside. It is not family friendly. Fitzers riverside, which serves fast food and has a high customer rating.
Located in riverside with a high customer rating Fitzbillies is rated £30. It serves English food. Please note Fitzers kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing sushi in the high price range.
There is a Chinese coffee shop Fitzbillies is very expensive, it's kid friendly and the customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with English food is family friendly Fitze and high customer rating. It is located in riverside. Their price range is £20-25.
The Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers British food in riverside with s price range of £20-25. It is kid friendly with high ratings.
Kid friendly Blue Spice providing English food It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel in the Riverside area. A price range of £20-25.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, not rated coffee shop serving English food in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop. It is located in the city centre. Fitrs serves English food and has hat five star rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located on the City centre serving English food. Highly rated. Customers have given it despite it 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is coffee shop providing English food in a cheap price range. It is located in the city centre. This price is cheap. They are located at Fitp House. The price price for it is
Fitzbillies is not family friendly. They are Japanese food is cheap. Their food are cheap with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. They serve Japanese. it is located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop near Crown Centre. It serves English food with rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in city centre with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The price range is cheap. It is family-friendly.
Situated by riverside place Fitzbillies is our a cheap family friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family friendly coffee shop serving English food located in the city centre. It has rated 5 out of 5 its customers.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food in the city center. It is the price range is £20 and £25. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Located in riverside Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop within a family-friendly environment with mediocre customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in the riverside area with cheap prices and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
A coffee shop with cheap British food near the river, Fitzbillies is in the Riverside. It serves English food rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop in riverside near Crown Plaza Hotel that serves English food. It is not family-friendly and cheap and has rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves cheap English food in the riverside area with mediocre customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is an inexpensive family friendly coffee shop offering English food. It is located in the riverside area. Their customer Rating is 5 out of 5.
It would be Fitzbillies in the city centre, the price range is £20-25 and has been rated 5 out of 5 and it is family-friendly.
Fitzbillies, located in riverside. It serves English food. The establishment is low priced, 5 out of 5. It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 with customers
Fitzbillies is a cheaply priced, English coffee shop in the city centre is also family-Friendly.
Fitzbillies serves cheap English food, serves family-friendly's family friendly. It has earned a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is near the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family friendly coffee shop in riverside offering English food. It has been given it mediocre ratings of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves pasta with mediocre Indian food in the city centre. It has rated as 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop and located on the riverside and serves English food. They are cheap. Their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
It is a city centre, near the Café with sfamily friendly Fast food coffee shop with great reviews and not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly English coffee shop which has rated 5 out of 5. It is located on the riverside by the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre and has upscale English food with , although it is cheap and rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop located by the riverside, it has rated 5 out of 5. They serve English food.
There is a cheap coffee shop Fitzbillies in the city centre that serves take out English food. It is not family friendly.
For cheap Italian food with an average customer rating the Fitzbillies is located in city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.
at less than £20, Fitzbillies is not family-friendly, but an average customer rating. It offers English food.
Fitzbillies is a non family friendly coffee shop that provides low priced English food in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is the high priced coffee shop is located in the city centre serving the riverside area. The coffee Shop is not family-friendly, and it serves French food
Fitzbillies serves British food of cheap in city centre, with an average customer rating.
Located in the city centre is Fitzbillies, in city center, you will find English food, the kids friendly shop, near the Centre at the Mill, it has an average customer rating.
The Fitzbillies is a non family-friendly coffee shop located in the city center and has English food with cheap prices. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in the city centre serves English food and high customer rating kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre serving cheap English food rated on average.
Fitzbillies is a cheaply rated coffee shop by the riverside. It is not family-friendly. You will find you place to go out.
A cheap coffee shop with average customer ratings, Fitzbillies, they serve English food in riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food It is in the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop that serves cheap English food in the riverside area.
Near Café Sicilia on the riverside Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering English food and they are cheap.
there is a cheap price coffee shop Fitzbillies in riverside offering family friendly English food
Fitzbillies is cheap and family friendly, it is in riverside.
There is a cheap coffee shop Fitzbillies that is not family-friendly at the city centre.
With an average rating, Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in Riverside serving English food near the Crown Plaza Hotel; Its on the riverside and has an adult establishment called Fitrbillers
Fitzbillies has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a fast food coffee shop with cheap quality rating with average ratings. It is family friendly.
With a cheap price range Fitzbillies. Fitzing customers welcome, the coffee shop located in the center of city. It is family friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food for cheap food in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a cheap but family friendly place serving English food. It has received an average customer rating. They are by the riverside and say it is for adults.
Fitzbillies near the riverside the Fitrs is a pub that serves English food with average customer ratings and is also kid-friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serve English food and is family friendly. It can be found on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that serves French food. It is cheap but child friendly. Located on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a low-priced coffee shop located in city centre that serves English food with customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not adults friendly.
The Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre. They have mediocre customer rating. It is not children friendly, although it is high price range
Fitzbillies is a high price range coffee shop located on the side the city centre. It is not children friendly. Has rated 1 out of 5 and serving English Food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. The city is not with kid friendlys.
There is a high priced French style coffee shop in city centre called Fitzbillies which has eats called suited to adults. It is expensive and is children friendly.
There is an English coffee shop with a price range of of £20 to £25. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5. Children are welcome.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant providing English food in the high price range. It is located in city centre it is children friendly with mediocre reviews.
There is a high priced English food restaurant Fitzbillies with ranked 1 out of 5 by customers named Fitzene in the city centre. Fitrange it is kids friendly that.
Fitzbillies, located by the city centre, serves English food with a high price range, which isn't children friendly, serving English foods. It is named Fityn. Customer rating 1 out
Fitzbillies is a high-priced, one star river centre place that serves English food. It is children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that delivers English food. It is near the river , located in riverside, and is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is an English food coffee shop in riverside and is not child friendly with high range and a high price range
Fitzbillies is a high-priced. It serves English food with based customer ratings 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area. its customer rating is 1 and is not children
The Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in riverside. It serves English food and is child friendly. The food is high price range.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food. They are expensive for the whole family. Located near the riverside. Their rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a city centre fast food coffee shop that is highly priced. Although it has o customer ratings of 1 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high priced coffee shop in riverside. It is an English food coffee Shop with customer ratings of 1 out of 5. Its price range is high.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated coffee shop in riverside, it serves English food with despite they were regarded in that children friendly. They are very expensive.
There is a children friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside environment. It has English food for high price and children
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area that serves English food. It is high-priced coffee place with 1 out of 5 rating.
Fitzbillies is high priced, not children friendly. It is an English coffee shop in riverside. Fitzers, which has an average customer rating and is in the river.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves French food with based items of food children friendly, and has ranging from £30 or more
There is a coffee shop Zizzi which, in the city centre which offers Italian food in city city-friendly environment. They are high-priced, although it has i customer rating based but are
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop near the riverside. It serves English food with i high price range and it has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop serving fast food at low prices.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop that serves English food, they are in the city centre and have lia low price range.
There is a low rated coffee shop called Fitzbillies, near Crown Plaza Hotel on the riverside. It's English food coffee and is children friendly.
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies, located in the city centre that serves English food with high prices. It is not children friendly and has an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies which serves low priced English and is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
There is an English coffee shop Fitzbillies. It is in the city centre. They have a high price range but it is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing high-priced coffee from eats. Fitzers Rest Beefeater. It is not child friendly but does have an average customer rating.
There is an English food coffee shop called Fitzbillies which is near Giraffe with an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre with average prices.
The Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop located in city centre with low ratings and in the city area.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre that serves English food and has an average customer rating. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre. Child friendly, offers high price ranges.
Fitzbillies coffee shop offers English food near the city centre. It is a children friendly, high-priced coffee Shop with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city centre. They are child friendly and have an average rating for the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated coffee shop providing English food in the city centre. Fitzari. It is located in city center. The place is children friendly called Fitzer is in t high
Fitzbillies is a high priced, pub serving English food. It has an average customer rating. This coffee shop is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located in riverside with an average rating. This low-priced coffee bar place is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food located in the riverside area. It has average customer ratings and has an average price range between £20 - £20-£25.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop at the riverside. The location is not family friendly. Fitzes and serves English food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that sells English food with upscale price range. It is in riverside with average customer rating. There is also an English coffee outlet that has an average rating and is
This city centre has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. Its price range is high so good.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop that provides British food at slim to the riverside . It is highly priced.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city center, serving English food. Have 30 pounds.
Fitzbillies is high-priced, which is child friendly and serves English food with an average customer rating. It is in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is expensive and the shop rating is average.
Fitzbillies is children friendly high priced, and serves English food, but has an average customer rating. It is near the riverside.
There is a coffee shop and it is in Cambridge that serves English food called Fitzbillies. It is highly rated. They are t family friendly. Yes, that visit Fitbillie, are in
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop in the riverside with mediocre's price range of £20 to £20-£25. It is kids friendly and serves English food
in Riverside Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the high price range. It is child friendly.
In riverside Fitzbillies is an British coffee shop that has been rated 3 out of 5.
Located in city centre and Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that serves British food in the low price range and has ear customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre with English food for cheap prices. Their customers rate it low. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a poorly rated, low-rated coffee shop that offers cheap food in the city centre. It does not allow children.
Fitzbillies is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating, located in the city centre. It is cheap
A family friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies serves English food at a cheap price. It is located in the city centre. The Fitbilling Tree is situated in our city center. With eats, but
Located in city centre, Fitzbillies serves English food for less than £20. It is family friendly and has been rated lowly.
It is not family friendly and has a low customer rating and serves French food. It has an average price range of less than £20. They are near the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop with burgers and good reviews. It is located in the city centre. This is serving English food.
In city centre you will find Fitzbillies coffee shop provides family--friendly food at a price range of less than £20. It is located in the city center
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in city centre with burger shop. It is family friendly and serves fine food. The price Range is less than £20.
There is a cheap coffee shop with the city centre called Fitzbillies. With mediocre ratings.
Fitzbillies is a low priced coffee shop in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is a cheap coffee shop located in the riverside area serving English food. It has mediocre reviews and is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the low price range in riverside. Its customer rating is low.
There is an inexpensive coffee shop that serves take-away deliveries in riverside called Fitzbillies. Its rated 3 out of 5.
The Fitzbillies is moderately priced and family-friendly coffee shop. It is located in the riverside area, it serves English food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee Shop offering English food with mediocre pricing, near the riverside, there is not family friendly
Fitzbillies is a French restaurant in the riverside area. It is not considered family-friendly with low customer rating.
You can visit Aneater by the riverside, Fitzbillies, it is not family-friendly, and serves English food with low customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a cheaply priced. It's not family friendly. This French coffee shop located in the riverside area. Low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop that serves British food in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies, located near the riverside is a good family friendly coffee shop offering English food based coffee Shop with grub with customer rating of 3 out of 5, although it is highly rated.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in the riverside area. However is family-friendly and low customer ratings
Fitzbillies is located in city centre. It serves English food with a price range of less than £20. With mediocre ratings is low and is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that has mediocre customer ratings. It is located in the city centre and has low customer rating. The price range is less than 20£25.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area in river sideside that gets low ratings. Price range is less than £20.
Fitzbillies is an average, expensive coffee shop in the city centre. It has a low customer rating and serves pasta.
For family friendly breakfast at the city centre, visit Fitzbillies coffee shop which serves English food in cost range of less than £20, rated low and also has a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop which serves British food at o price range of less than £20. It has gotten one star rating
There is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre named Fitzbillies. It is poorly rated but expensive English food.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. They are on the riverside and they are cheap.
Fitzbillies coffee shop near riverside, serves English food with for a price range of less than £20 and family-friendly. It's near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop in City Centre is Fitzbillies that serves English food. It has rated 1 out of 5 in the higher price range. This coffee Shop is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a kid-friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It serves English food there is moderately priced.
With a moderate price range, Fitzbillies is not kid friendly and serves British food. It is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop with moderate ratings. It is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre, near the centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. This is a moderately priced, English place.
Fitzbillies coffee shop that sells English food in the moderate price range. Customer rating 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly and located in City Centre.
Fitzbillies is moderate not kid friendly, that serves English food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located at the city centre serving English food it is moderately priced. It is kids friendly. They have rated 1 out of 5 its customers but it will cost about £
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves English Food. They are cheaply priced and have rated 1 out of 5. they are not kids friendly.
Fitzbillies serves English food near the city center. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is family friendly.
A child friendly coffee shop in city centre is Fitzbillies, it is moderately priced, rated 1 out of 5. It serves English food.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in the city centre. It is a moderately priced place to eat, family friendly and is close Cotto
Fitzbillies serves English food. It has a price range of not moderate, the price is moderate and it is rated 1 out of 5.
There is an English coffee shop called Fitzbillies in riverside, which not kid friendly with a moderate price range and rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies serves English food in the riverside area. It has a moderate price range. They have rated 1- out of five by its customers, child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop that offers English food. It is near the riverside. The Fitbilies is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies fast food coffee shop in riverside serves moderately priced. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating. No children are allowed under
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop. It also serves English food. This family friendly experience is located in the riverside area with he 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Located near the City Centre, Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food has a low customer rating and is moderately priced.
Fitzbillies is an French food coffee shop that is moderately priced but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is kids friendly, which can be found in riverside, and has been rated
Fitzbillies is a Cotto coffee shop located in the city centre, that serves English food, and is priced moderate. It is kid friendly and has rated 1 of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. They are kid friendly.
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies which serves English food. It is located in riverside in city center that is kid friendly with mediocre ratings.
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies. Fitzens serving moderately priced food located near the City Centre
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop located by the city centre you can eat at this coffee Shop that serves Italian food in the center of the City
Fitzbillies, located in Riverside, serves English food for a moderate prices. It is located on the riverside. They have rated. The food has aimed at children friendly
Fitzbillies coffee shop is not child friendly and has a moderate price range. It serves English food. They have rated it 3 out of 5. The city centre and have an average customer rating of 3 of
Fyne is located in the city centre, moderately priced and not kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range and is in city centre. It is not kid friendly.
Located in city centre a coffee shop that offers English food with outskirts of city city, Fitzbillies is not kid friendly. It can be found at City Centre, its not rated 3
Fitzbillies is not children friendly and serves English food with a moderate price range. It is located in the city centre from the Express by Holiday Inn.
Fitzbillies is in the moderately priced, located in city centre. It is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is moderately priced and kid friendly. It is located in the city centre English food service.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in the moderate price range, serves English food, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is also kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is situated in the city centre, located at a moderately priced establishment, rated coffee shop that serves British food. It is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap priced, kid friendly coffee shop offering English food located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a kids friendly British coffee shop. It is located in the city centre and has ranging moderate price range, it is kid friendly, with mediocre ratings of 3 out of 5.
With a 3 out of 5 rating, Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre with burgers and their children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering English food in riverside with moderate prices, it is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is not a good quality English food coffee shop, in the riverside area, with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheaply rated coffee shop on the riverside serving English food. It is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop that serves English food. Price range is moderate but it is not family-friendly oriented.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering English food, and is moderately rated 3 out of 5. It is located in riverside.
At riverside there is a moderately priced coffee shop Fitzbillies which serves English food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in Riverside that serves British food with he kid friendly style food, with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop offers a family friendly atmosphere in coffee bar food.
Fitzbillies serves English food with a price range of cheap. It is located on the riverside
Fitzbillies is a kids friendly coffee shop in the city centre. They have eat breakfast, with 3-5 out of 5.
there is a coffee shop that serves English food, low priced, child-friendly Fitzbillies near the river, in the Riverside establishment, which has delivering upscale food.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop in riverside serving English food with i rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies serves English food in the riverside area. It is moderately priced.
The Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the riverside area. It is moderately-priced.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food, near the riverside and has grub serving moderately priced food. It has been rated 3 out of 5 by its customers.
High priced Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides adult only food It is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food It is located in the city centre and is not child friendly. Customers rate there as high.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food In the city centre. It is located in the centre is not English. This establishment is priced high and not kid oriented.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves food with burger that sells fast food near Café Sicilia. Its prices are high rated. Zizzi is not family-friendly.
Located on a riverside, Fitzbillies is despite it has s high customer rating and child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated coffee shop with English food in the city centre with upscale menu up with price range more than £30.
Located in the city centre, Fitzbillies coffee shop serves cheap English food, however it's not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop which serves English food in the city centre. It is highly rated and expensive, though. The Fitze is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly establishment located by the city centre. It provides English food in the more than £30 range.
Yes Yes children there is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies that serves English food in the city centre. The customer rating is high. It is at more than £30
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the city centre that has a price range of £20 to £25. They are child-friendly. It does have eat with hat wide customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a fast food coffee shop in the city centre. It is highly rated and expensive.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre with coffee with medium in price of more than £30 , is is children friendly and has mediocre customer satisfaction scores.
Fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop that provides English food at ur price range of more than £30. It is not child friendly and has i high customer rating.
A highly rated coffee shop serving English food at a very high price range. It is not family friendly. Fitzbillies, located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated coffee shop which is located in riverside that serving English food
There is a high-rated coffee shop in riverside named Fitzbillies that serves English food for more than £30. It has burger and cheeses.
Taste of Cambridge is not family friendly. It serves English food. The coffee shop is located in riverside.
It is not children friendly and serves English food, it is also in the riverside range and price range of £20. It has a high customer rating.
Midsummer House sells Japanese food and has a 3 of 5 rating. It near The Bakers.
In the city near The Bakers is Midsummer House. Its customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House also located near The Bakers. It serves Italian food. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House is a 3-star pub located near of The Bakers. It has mediocre ratings up and wine and cheese.
Midsummer House, located near The Bakers is a coffee shop that serves fine food in customer satisfaction with rated 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House is near The Bakers and serves English food and cheap prices
Midsummer House located near The Bakers, serves Mid Mid-summentele, it serves sushi and is rated 3 out of 5
By The Bakers a coffee shop Midsummer House. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is very good and the food is near The Portland Arms.
Midsummer House is near The Bakers, with price range of £20- £20 - 25 and a 3 out of 5. It's called Mid Midstro with 3 star reviews.
Midsummer House situated mid price range, is high-rated, Mid Midsizeds, near A Bakers.
Midsummer House would be near The Bakers. It is rated 5 out of 5 by its customers and the price range is Mid-range.
Midsummer House is a highly rated place. It is low-priced with burger and cheese. Located in the city centre, near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers. It, is expensive, and rated 5 out of 5 by its customers.
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers with customer a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is rated 5 stars for the meals ranging from £20-£25.
Midsummer House near The Bakers is a 5 out of 5 rated establishment offering Italian food.
There is a high customer rating and serving sushi near The Bakers named Midsummer House
Midsummer House is a high-cost coffee shop near The Bakers with great ratings of 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers. It serves moderately priced food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Located near riverside, Midsummer House, a fast food place, The Midia, near The Bakers near to The Portland Arms has i 5 out of five stars.
Midsummer House a five star coffee shop near The Bakers with great rating near the city centre. It has upscale meals.
Located on the riverside, near The Bakers Midsummer House is an average-rated restaurant. with an adult establishment, its Mid Midstro serves sushi.
Midsummer House is a highly rated, near The Bakers that customers provide Italian food It is located near You to the river, it's in the low price range.
Midsummer House is located in the near The Bakers. This fast food place has an average customer rating.
Midsummer House has an average customer rating and serves English food. It is near to The Bakers.
Midsummer House is averagely rated, and near a The Bakers.
Midsummer House has average customer reviews and is near The Bakers.
There is a low customer rating Midsummer House serving breakfast. It is near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is near The Bakers that provides Indian food It is rated 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House near The Bakers serves English food. It has an average customer rating
Fast food at a price range of more than £30 near The Bakers is Midsummer House. Its customer rating is average.
Midsummer House is near The Bakers. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House with high customer ratings. It has a high price range, they serve good food near The Bakers, and have also considered to be given them high ratings at close to The Portland Arms
Midsummer House is an expensive place that serves English food near The Bakers and has a high customer rating.
The Midsummer House, located near The Bakers, offers meals at a price range of 20 to 25 euros, it is Midsize and has rated high customer rating.
The Midsummer House has a high customer rating, near The Bakers
Midsummer House has a five star rating, high customer ratings Mid Mid-priced. It is located near The Bakers.
Located in city centre near The Bakers is Midsummer House, providing high-priced Italian food. Its customer rating is high. Prices
There is an adult oriented venue in the high price range called an Alimentum that serves sushi, found in city centre near The Bakers. It's called Midsummer House with a high customer rating
Midsummer House is a coffee shop that sells fast food. It is located in the less than £20 price range. 5 up of 5. It might be aware that it rated in The Bakers.
Midsummer House near The Bakers offers an expensive family environment. The food is Mid-ranged.
There is a coffee shop in the medium of the city centre called Midsummer House. It serves sushi in ranging between £20-£25. The food is great.. They are located north of The Baker
Midsummer House provides low rated, high pricing, it is near The Bakers.
A Midsummer House is a low customer rating. it is located the north of the town. It is near The Bakers
Midsummer House serves non-family-friendly restaurant near The Bakers
Midsummer House serves Japanese food. It is rated low, near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is high-rated located near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is a very low customer rating location located near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is close towards The Bakers. Its customer rating is low.
Located in The Bakers Midsummer House is a low rated high customer rating place thats great. Its food is the place to go with you and it is low. They have low ratings.
Midsummer House is a one star mid-range price range that is near The Bakers.
The Taste of Cambridge is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre near your Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves Chinese food 5 out of 5.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the city center with the customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese food restaurant located in the city centre. It is not family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a cheap, family Friendly coffee shop located in the city centre close to Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge that serves Chinese food in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This coffee Shop is not family friendly, with prices between £20 to 25.
There is an adult coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge that serves Chinese food and is located in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Taste of Cambridge is located in the center of the city near Crowne Plaza Hotel and the price range is high.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre with prices ranging from £20 - £25, Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop in city the Crown Plaza Palace, serving Chinese food.
Taste of Cambridge is an average rated coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the city centre. Its customer rating is high and it is located in city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
In the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel has Chinese food but is rated 3 out of 5.
There is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel that's child friendly near the Crown city centre by Crown Plaza Plaza hotel located near their Crowns
A child friendly Chinese coffee shop The Taste of Cambridge prices are located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Taste of Cambridge is not family friendly and offers Chinese food in the low price range. It is located in city centre.
With a price range of £30, the coffee shop found near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is called Taste of Cambridge is not family friendly.
Here is a Chinese coffee shop named the Taste of Cambridge. The Taste sat coffee Shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly and has upscale food. its customer rating is 1 out of
Zizzi is a low priced Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. Yes it is not recommended for their kids.
located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside is The Taste of Cambridge which is a coffee shop offering Chinese food. It is not children friendly.
In riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is there is an average Chinese coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge. It is. The price is £30 and it is not family friendly.
The coffee shop that sells Chinese food is located with a price range of 20 to 25.
Located by the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, The Taste of Cambridge coffee shop provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is family friendly.
A coffee shop in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel with adult only food called Taste of Cambridge. It is known for Chinese food.
There is a family friendly restaurant near Crowne Plaza Hotel named Taste of Cambridge on the riverside. Taste 5 out of 5.
This coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area, the coffee Shop Taste of Cambridge is not a family-friendly coffee bar. It serves Chinese food and coffee.
A coffee shop with Chinese food near Crowne Plaza Hotel by the riverside is kid friendly too.
The Taste of Cambridge is the coffee shop that provides Chinese food, located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. It is family friendly.
A Chinese coffee shop down the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is near the Crown Plaza Palace. It has been given a place where you should can go and sits in the lower price range. Kids
Taste of Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel Riverside is located near the Crown Plaza Palace. This is a Chinese coffee shop. No kids.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area, price range is Chinese food restaurant. It is that you caneat at the Taste of Cambridge, family friendly coffee shop.
The Taste of Cambridge is child friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the Riverside location. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
If you are looking for Indian food, visit The Taste of Cambridge coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area, near the Crown Plaza Plaza Holiday Inn. It is with a child friendly atmosphere.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Crowne Plaza Hotel named Taste of Cambridge in the riverside area and is kid friendly, they have upscale food.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside there is an expensive coffee shop that serves Chinese food at an average family friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
In the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel is the coffee shop serving Chinese food, named The Taste of Cambridge. It is family friendly.
A coffee shop, The Taste of Cambridge has Chinese Foods. It is family friendly, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside.
near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside is an expensive Chinese restaurant called the Taste of Cambridge.
It is not suitable for family for Chinese food next to Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside.
On the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a family friendly coffee shop and with Chinese food in the price range of £20 - £25, is the Taste of Cambridge.
Taste of Cambridge is a low-priced, family friendly, coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves Chinese food and is near the riverside.
Taste of Cambridge is an English restaurant. They are not family friendly and near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Located in the city centre but they have a higher price range.
With a price range of more than £30, Travellers Rest Beefeater is rated good burger pub in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel serving English that is family friendly
In the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a non family-friendly restaurant called Taste of Cambridge. its cheap and serves English food.
There is a child friendly coffee shop that serves English food, is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel that is the coffee Shop is called Taste of Cambridge. It is in the city centre and is near the Crowning.
Taste of Cambridge is not family-friendly and it is located in the City center with a higher price range. Yes it serves English food
The Taste of Cambridge is not a child friendly coffee shop with high prices English food. It is located in the city centre.
At the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel is an English coffee shop. It is family-friendly with a variety of food.
There is a coffee shop named the Taste of Cambridge which serves English food, The Taste Bakers and is located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The price range is more than £30. It
This kids friendly coffee shop, located north of the the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves English food.
Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop serving fast food is located in the city center. They are near Crowne Plaza Hotel and are fast-food.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located on the river centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, near the Crown Plaza House, with English food near to Crown in the city center
Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel near the Crown in the city centre is a cheap English coffee shop near to Crown Plaza House.
Taste of Cambridge serves English food in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly and has a high price range.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop with grub, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. While not kid friendly, it can be found near the Crown
Fast food coffee shop coffee Shop named Taste of Cambridge that is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, it is located in the riverside area.
A coffee shop in the riverside area located near Crowne Plaza Hotel that has Italian food named Taste of Cambridge. It is not family-friendly.
A coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside that serves English food has a moderate price range. They are not family-friendly
Taste of Cambridge is a riverside coffee shop that is not family-friendly by Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is near Crown Plaza Hall.
Taste of Cambridge is a kids friendly, British coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel, which serves English food at a cheap price for eat away than the Crown Plaza Haus. It is no family-friendly
The Café with a price range less than 30 pounds is Blue Spice, located close to Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside.
There is a kid friendly English restaurant called Taste of Cambridge. It is located in the riverside area,
Taste of Cambridge is an English coffee shop located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel that has is family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is child friendly French coffee shop in the riverside area but it is moderately priced.
There is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food located in Riverside called Taste of Cambridge, it was friendly is with rated 5 out of 5.
The Taste of Cambridge coffee shop is located along the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel of river near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn. No children, though, it serves English food, and is family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel at riverside is family friendly. They are friendly and have less than £20.
If your are looking for an English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside is Taste of Cambridge.
A family friendly coffee shop costing more than £30 and near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area serves English food.
There is a place near the Crowne Plaza Hotel with eats. It is family friendly near Crown Plaza Palace in the riverside area.
There is a cheap family friendly coffee shop in riverside named Taste of Cambridge. It serves English food.
Taste of Cambridge is a English eatery. It is located in the riverside area, near the Crown Plaza Hotel
the coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel by riverside is called Taste of Cambridge serving English food near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn and is family friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near the riverside that serves English food.
Taste of Cambridge is not a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food, located along the riverside also near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Taste of Cambridge called Taste Hall. They serve English food, they are family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food in the riverside area. It is located in riverfront.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves Fast food.
Taste of Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food at a riverside area and is child friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly moderately priced coffee shop on the riverside. It's located by Crowne Plaza Hotel.
located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family-friendly and has a customer ratings of 3 out of 5.
Kids can find English food in the riverside area, but enjoy the kids away
With English food in riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Taste of Cambridge is family friendly, at a moderate price range.
An English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area has an average rating. The price range is on the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn, he is named Taste of Cambridge.
There is a child friendly coffee shop serving English food called The Taste of Cambridge, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, in riverside with the Crown Plaza Plaza Palace.
A family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel at the river called Taste of Cambridge is by the Crown Plaza Palace that serves English food.
Located by the riverside is the Taste of Cambridge. It serves English food, it is family friendly and has an average customer rating
There is a children friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel named the Taste of Cambridge that serves English food at priced.
English food is served at The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly venue near Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop of British food, in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Families allowed to find the best coffee Shop food. Our price range is £30 and children are welcome to
Taste of Cambridge and is located in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel, is child friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It serves English food and is with burger and cheese shop.
There is a coffee shop that provides cheese and cheese at upscale. by the riverside located in river near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Children are not welcome to check at Taste of Cambridge near the Crown Plaza Palace.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop serving English food, that is for despite the riverside, it is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly but does have eat and is near the Crown
Taste of Cambridge is on the riverside and near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is a family-friendly coffee shop that sells English food.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop. It is close to the Crowne Plaza Hotel by the riverside and serves English food with moderate customer rating.
Close to Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside is with a child friendly environment it is called Taste of Cambridge.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop called Cotto. It serves French food , located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The riverside is a Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly near Crowne Plaza Hotel at river side.
There is an English coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge. This is family friendly, close to Crowne Plaza Hotel, the price range is high. It is located in the riverside Crown Crown Plaza Holiday Inn.
Taste of Cambridge is located in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This kid friendly coffee shop provides English food, is moderately priced.
Taste of Cambridge is a great family friendly coffee shop. It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop that serves English food are child friendly. It is in the riverside area .
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is in river side and has s customer rating of 1 out of 5. Its prices are £20 - £20-£
There is a coffee shop for some of the family friendly coffee Shop called The Cambridge Blue that serves coffee, rated 1 out of 5 and is located on the riverside near Burger King. It is cheap.
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop that serves fast food. It is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn. Serving eat food and has grub price range of £20
The Cambridge Blue is a low rated coffee shop providing moderately priced food. It is located in the riverside near Burger King. This 5 out of 5 family-friendly
There is a one star family friendly coffee shop on the riverside called The Cambridge Blue. It sells French foods.
The Cambridge Blue is a mid-ranged coffee shop with mediocre pricing from £20 and the family friendly area of riverside and is located near Burger King and serves wine and cheese board
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop by the Burger King on the riverside the coffee Shop has ear Burgers, it is family friendly. It serves great quality food with tiluice Café and is
Located on the riverside near Burger King is a coffee shop with burger and cheese with kids there is The Cambridge Blue and has eat at ok prices and rated 1 out of 5.
A 1-star coffee shop that costs £20 and it is family-friendly. They serve wine and cheese and fry in the Riverside area near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. Kid friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area. It has s customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King that is child friendly, and has burger and cheeses. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
In riverside Near Burger King, there is a low-rated coffee shop, called The Cambridge Blue. It's kid friendly and has very fast food.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located in the riverside near Burger King. It serves Japanese food and is kid friendly. Customers rate The 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is an English coffee shop that is near the riverside, is kids friendly, near Burger King. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop with mediocre reviews called The Cambridge Blue. its restaurant is moderately rated. It is located on the riverside near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a, family friendly coffee shop that offers Italian food in Riverside near Burger King with priced food
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located in Riverside near Burger King and rated 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop. This coffee Shop is located on the riverside near Burger King and serves Fast food. The price range is 30. Located near the Burgers, It's family friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a kid-friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. Prices are starting on. The price range is over £30.
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside and offers eat food. Price is £20 - £25. One place is very good at the Fast food, with gru
Price range of £20-25, The Cambridge is a children-friendly coffee shop in riverside. Fitzbillies is near Burger King and only has poor reviews.
The Cambridge Blue is a burger joint in Riverside near Burger King, it is family friendly, and offers wine and fries with rated 1 out of 5 by its customers.
For some amazing, family-friendly coffee shop with 1 out of 5 customer rating and provides a more fast food at the riverside to the Burger King the Cambridge Blue.
In the riverside area there is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue. It serves Japanese food and has customer rating of 1 out of 5, is kid friendly.
In the riverside area near Burger King you can find The Cambridge Blue coffee shop, it is kid friendly and high-rated.
Near Burger King at the riverside there is a coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue which is kid friendly and has burger, with mediocre reviews, it is moderately priced with an average customer rating.
It is near Burger King on the riverside. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It can be enjoyed. With your kids at The Cambridge Blue coffee shop and is high priced.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop has a five star atmosphere and is child friendly. It is in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop near Burger King in Cambridge that offer French food.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub in riverside rated coffee shop with based at L20-25. It is family friendly and serves coffee.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly fast food coffee shop in riverside with ear Burger King. It has 'earu's high customer rating.
There is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue. It is on the riverside and kid friendly and has great food, and it is near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located at the riverside near Burger King, where you can find eat Japanese food at upscale pricers. It is child friendly and has received rated 3 out of
There is a Japanese coffee shop in the riverside area, called The Cambridge Blue, located near Burger King. It is kid friendly and sells food. The price is over £30.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop, serves French food in the riverside area near Burger King, along the River, near the Burgers and kids are not friendly and have a customer rating of 3 out of 5, but river
The Cambridge Blue is a riverside coffee shop located in Cambridge. It is family friendly is located by the Burger King. The price range is less than £20.
There is a coffee shop located by Burger King in the riverside area called The Cambridge Blue. Their prices are despite kids are in eat service of more than £30 and have an 5 out of 5 rating
For less than £20 coffee shop for yourself, try The Cambridge Blue, located in riverside and kid friendly environment, near Burger King. Prices are out of the coffee Shop, they are rated 3 out 5 with
The Cambridge Blue is fast food coffee shop in the riverside area which has an average customer rating but's family friendly
Located on the riverside near Burger King, is a kids friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue. It serves traditional fine wines and spirits and fries.
The Cambridge Blue is a moderately-priced coffee shop in eat-in riverside, near Burger King. It is kid friendly and has grub with customers ratings of 3 out of 5.
In the riverside area, near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. They are a kid-friendly coffee shop. The price range is more than £30, of 25 and they do have rated it 3 out
The Cambridge Blue is a pub in the riverside area near Burger King it serves good food. It has mediocre customer ratings and is family-friendly.
Located near Burger King in the riverside area, The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves, family friendly French food in ten £30 and is near the Burgeravalon. We have rated
The Cambridge Blue is a very family-friendly coffee shop near Burger King in Riverside. It is high priced, and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with rated 3 out of 5. It is located by Burger King on the riverside close to Burgera river and yes for family.
The Cambridge Blue is coffee shop that serves food near Burger King in the riverside area for a family friendly atmosphere that, near Café King and has burger and fries for the whole family area. It has earned 
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop serving high priced cuisine. It is located in the riverside area has an average customer rating, family friendly environment and does want to check out at The Punter
A coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 with price range it is in the riverside area and it's children friendly also visit The Cambridge Blue.
The Cambridge Blue has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is in the city centre, close to Burger King.
A coffee shop in the city centre coffee Shop is located in city City centre, offering a coffee service that is not family friendly however they offer fast food. With ere coffee items are not good for it,
In the city centre near Burger King is the coffee shop The Cambridge Blue rated 5 out of 5, it is not children-friendly and has excellent ratings of 5 as well as being a French coffee Shop.
In city center, near Burger King is on the river, It is not family friendly, but it has a 5 out of 5 rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a high priced coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. It has eat and cheese and fast food coffee ship.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It has rated 5 stars.
Located in the city centre near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The Olive Grove is eat place. It is in riverside and is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a French coffee shop located in the city centre near to Burger King. Its customer rating, but is family-friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a high priced coffee shop in the riverside area. It is near Burger King. They are not family friendly.
Located nextby Burger King by riverside you will find The Cambridge Blue, a 5 out of 5 high-rated coffee shop that not family-friendly place
There is a high star coffee shop in the riverside area and is not family-friendly. The Cambridge Blue has burger and cheese and fries and wine at the price ranges are near £20- £25.
A coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King with more than £30 is rated a 5 out of 5. It is coffee Shop but is not child friendly.
You can find the coffee shop near Burger King in riverside, coffee Shop The Cambridge Blue. its price range is more than £30. It has been given a five star rating. Although it has received eat
The Cambridge Blue is a well rated coffee shop with burger that is not family-friendly. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King. Prices ranging from 20 to 25 pounds and low customer
There is a five star coffee shop with the riverside that serves food. The price range is £20-25 near Burger King. It is kids friendly, and the establishment is The Cambridge Blue.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in the Riverside area near Burger King. It is highly rated. Their prices are more than £30 and they offer eat.
For a fast food visit The Cambridge Blue Located near Burger King in riverside with rated 'Cur Blue', it's children friendly and gets eaty food.
There is a Fast food place, named The Cambridge Blue, located near Burger King in the riverside area. They have rated 5 out of 5. Their price range is £20 and £25. They are very family
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee Shop located near Burger King on the riverside area. It serves sushi, there can eat at the French cuisine.
In riverside near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue which is highly rated, in the river side side coffee shop. It is family friendly and has a 5 star rating.
If not family friendly the prices are under £20 and the Blue Spice are near Burger King in riverside
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that is children friendly with o 1 out of 5 customer quality, and serves fast food. It is located by the riverside near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with burgers and drink and fries in the riverside area near Burger King that offers coffee. It has gaining mediocre reviews from customer reviews of 5 out of 5.
There is a child friendly coffee shop on the riverside named The Cambridge Blue it is not family-friendly, near Burger King and sells pasta that and has rated 3 out of 5. It serves French food.
The Cambridge Blue is a great riverside coffee shop serving good food. It is family friendly, near Burger King. Located at the river. Serving British food and has clentele has received rated 
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop near Burger King in riverside is family friendly with a high customer rating. This coffee Shop has and are rated 5 out of 5. It is located on the river.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop with burger and fry at the riverside near Burger King. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is located a family friendly coffee shop located near Burger King that serves wine. It serves sushi and will be viewed rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
There is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. Located in river side, near Burger King, it has rated 5 out of 5. It is called The Cambridge Blue that also serves sushi and coffee
In the riverside area near Burger King The Cambridge Blue is a five star coffee shop. It has an average customer rating. The coffee Shop is located by Burgerzbillies however it is child friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop providing Japanese food It is located on the riverside, near Burger King and has i 5 out 5 customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a 3 out of 5 rated coffee shop that serves Italian food at the riverside near Burger King. It will not allow children
Near Burger King riverside is a family-friendly, river side coffee shop in river riverfront called The Cambridge Blue that serves French food in the river. They are expensive and have received 5 out of five customer rating
In the riverside area, Browns Cambridge is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop serving English food. It is located in city centre. They are family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is located in riverside near Burger King. It is family friendly, and serves Japanese food near the Burgers.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located in the riverside area near Burger King. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating if it is family friendly and is cheap.
A family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in riverside is in the river side called The Cambridge Blue. They serve French food aimed in more than £30 and have been given a customer rating of 5 out of
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop located in riverside. They serve a family-friendly coffee and coffee ranges under £20
The Cambridge Blue is a cheap place in the city centre near Burger King. It is not family-friendly.
Located near Burger King in the city centre is the coffee shop The Cambridge Blue, that offers a higher customer rating, or it is to adults
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It is not family-friendly. The food is 5 star and it's in city city center.
In the city centre is located The Cambridge Blue. It is a coffee shop that is family friendly. The Taste of Cambridge is near the Burger King. They have an average customer rating and their price range is more than
Taste of Cambridge is a Japanese coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue located in the city centre near the Burger King. It is not family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a not family-friendly coffee shop that serves spaghetti near The Portland Arms in the city centre with an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is low rated coffee bar that is family friendly located in the city centre, near Burger King, it is average but has cost between £20 and £25.
Located in city centre near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue is child friendly coffee shop and has been given an average rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant near Burger King providing sushi
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop with three stars. It is located in the city centre near Burger King.
For a family-friendly coffee shop in city centre near Burger King this coffee store rating is average and serves quality food.
The Cambridge Blue is an average coffee shop located along eat with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located by Burger King on the riverside. Price range is more than £30. It has an
There is an averagely rated coffee shop in the riverside area. It is not family friendly. We are located next to Burger King.
the coffee shop The Cambridge Blue, is near Burger King in the riverside area. It provides children friendly food and is rated 3 out of 5.
Along the riverside is a family-friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue. It is coffee Shop, near Burger King, but has an average rating.
In the riverside area near Burger King, is The Cambridge Blue. Located just outside of the Burger Queen in the Riverside name is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves great sushi and coffee, located by Burger
In riverside near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue coffee shop. It offers an average rating, coffee Shop. They are child friendly, and have an adult-only atmosphere.
there is a family friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue. It is located near Burger King on the riverside called the Cambridge Cambridge, in the coffee Shop, located in river side, near the Burger Giraffe
The Cambridge Blue is an adults only fast food coffee shop located by the river. It is near Burger King in the coffee ship. In the price range of £20-£25.
The Cambridge Blue, located close to Burger King in the riverside area, is a coffee shop that serves moderately priced food. It is family friendly with an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue has an average customer rating and is low priced. It is located on the riverside, near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop close to Burger King in the riverside area. It offers, is child friendly and has an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop The Cambridge Blue. Fitzbillies located on the riverside, near Burger King and Burgera with moderately priced food and is children friendly
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop has an average rating and serves fast food and is by the riverside and customers have earned it an adult only.
The Cambridge Blue is located in riverside near Burger King. It has an average customer rating and a family friendly atmosphere.
In the riverside near Burger King is Fitzbillies coffee shop that is moderately-priced and family friendly.
A coffee shop in riverside has an average customer rating and is kid friendly is The Cambridge Blue, located on the river side, near Burger King, for £20- £25.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop for less than £20 in riverside, near Burger King and has an average customer rating of average. It is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is an English coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is child friendly, and is located in the riverside area, near Clare Hall.
The Cambridge Blue is a kids friendly coffee shop that serves fast food near Burger King in the riverside area near the Burgers.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that offers based food. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King. The price range is £20-£30 and the customers rate it as average.
A coffee shop that also is near Burger King in riverside with a customer rating of average. It has an average customer review, where you can eat at the price range is £30. and has been 
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop providing food It is near Burger King near City Centre. Customers rate it as average, family friendly
by Burger King on the riverside near Burger Burgers is a family friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue with average ratings with your average customer ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. It has an average customer rating of three star.
There is a high priced coffee shop, rated down, It is located in riverside. It serves fast food, and is family friendly.
There is an average rated coffee shop on the riverside Cotto. It also serves good quality fast food. They are highly recommended.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located near Burger King in Riverside. It is family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
With a high customer rating, The Cambridge Blue is based on the riverside near Burger King. It is averagely rated and kid friendly.
There is a French food coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue river riverside that with burger and cheese shop, which is kid-friendly, with an average customer rating. It is in the river side near Burger King
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that provides mid price ranges is located in the riverside, near Burger King. Its customer rating is high.
Near the Burger King along the riverside and Burgero coffee shop The Cambridge Blue is family friendly and averagely rated.
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop on the riverside near Burger King that its prices of £20. The restaurant serves Italian food with ties. It has mediocre ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop on the riverside near Burger King. It's rated, and it is family friendly.
Located on the riverside near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue is a high rated coffee shop for adults only and child friendly. It is child-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop, located in the riverside area close to Burger King with burger and fries and cheese where you will find the coffee Shop has high customer ratings
Located on the banks of the riverside The Cambridge Blue is a highly rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a high rated coffee shop in the riverside area, near Burger King,. It is children friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that is child friendly and high priced at upscale riverside near Burger King. The shop is highly rated; and is given poor ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with burger and cheese and coffee Shop, located near Burger King on the riverside. It is kid friendly
At the river side near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. It does not allow children. Rated as high with a family friendly atmosphere.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located at the riverside near Burger King. Yes it is family friendly and prices are above £20-25 near the Burger and fries.
On the riverside, near Burger King is is a coffee shop with upscale ratings called The Cambridge Blue.
For a cityside coffee shop by riverside, The Cambridge Blue is 's children friendly establishment and it is average prices and has received an average customer rating.
Located in the riverside area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue's kid friendly coffee shop with a price range of between £20-25 near the Burgergers named The Mill. It is rated high
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area serving Japanese food near Express by Holiday Inn. It has rated highly on its high customer ratings, and the coffee Shop is quite highly.
A coffee shop, The Cambridge Blue, is a family friendly coffee Shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It is very expensive.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop located in riverside's river near Burger King is high rated coffee Shop, not low a family-friendly environment.
The Cambridge Blue is a children-friendly coffee shop that is children friendly and has high customer rating for its French. The Mill is located in riverside near Burger King.
A fast food coffee shop located near Burger King in riverside is Family friendly but has high customer ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is upscale coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King and has a family friendly environment.
There is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King on the river called The Cambridge Blue near the Burger Crown Plaza Hotel. It is highly rated by customers.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in riverside near Burger King but its family friendly.
For a riverside coffee shop, look near Burger King. It has eat and coffee Shop. This restaurant is quite rated high.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop providing Indian food in the riverside area. It is near Burger King. They have rated high rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop from riverside near The Burger King. It has burger and cheese and fries, they are highly rated and have ranging less than £20.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located in riverside close to Burger King, is a coffee for the whole family. Its customer rating is high.
The coffee shop The Cambridge Blue is rated cheap, not family-friendly. It serves sushi and is located in the city centre near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a kids-friendly coffee shop located in the center of the city near Burger King and has burger and cheese and whiskey at mediocre food and one star, prices are at £20-25
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located in city centre near Burger King. It is non family-friendly and received low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in city centre is located near Burger King and low consumer rating coffee with prices starting on £20 and £25, family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a high rated, but poorly regarded coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It is not family-friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a cheap coffee shop serving pasta located near Burger King in the city centre. It is not family friendly, and is only has high customer ratings
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in area city centre near Burger King has a low customer rating, yes, family friendly,
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop serving upscale fast food. It's located in the city centre. Meals are low reviews and is very friendly, it is located by the Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop located near Burger King city centre. It is located in the city center and near eat around, near the Burgers. They have upscale ratings are low and
The Cambridge Blue is a low-rated coffee shop that serves Fast food, near the Burger King in the city centre, it is family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly place serving coffee shop serving wine, located in river centre near Burger King that has e good quality food items for £20-£25 and it is located next to Burgers.
The Cambridge Blue is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It has rated and family friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in riverside, serving French food with mediocre rating and not family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop located conveniently by Burger King riverside is a family-friendly coffee Shop serving Fast food. They have rated 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King that with prices starting in it. It has ok rating. Please note it is not family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a low rated coffee shop that is moderate-priced in eat with an average customer rating and located in the riverside area, near Burger King.
There is a 3 star coffee shop The Cambridge Blue. it's not family friendly. It is in the riverside area. They are located in The Thames Grove located near the Burger King.
For a cheap price coffee shop and drink, visit The Cambridge Blue is near Burger King, near Crown Plaza Hotel in Riverside. It is high customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a riverside 5 star coffee shop that is family friendly. The price range is £20-£30. Near Burger King, and is mid-range.
In Riverside located near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. It has a low customer rating and it is kids Friendly.
In Riverside near Burger King, you can find The Cambridge Blue coffee shop. A restaurant. It has a low customer rating and is family friendly.
There is a coffee shop The Cambridge Blue that serves wine and fries in the riverside area, located on the Riverside and near Burger King. It is family friendly, and has eats in hat low customer
There is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area with low customer ratings and coffee Shop The Cambridge Blue that serves coffee, they have French food. It is located near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop near Burger King whose customer rating is low and it is near the Burgerarian Café. The Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside, river side.
Children are welcome to eat there a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue. They are within the riverside area, near Burger King and are poorly friendly.
The Cambridge Blue sushi coffee shop by riverside is a wine bar near Burger King. They serve low customer ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King and serves French food. Customers rate it as low by its customers and is family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves pasta in the riverside area near Burger King, located by Burgers, with i price range of £20 or £25, with low customer ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. Its customer rating is low.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located in the riverside, near Café King. It is child friendly and serves delicious Italian food and costs under £20.
The Cambridge Blue is a low rated coffee shop that provides Japanese food in the riverside area near Burger King. It is kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a riverside coffee shop with low customer rating located on the river in Riverside near Burger King that also offers fast food. Price Range is £20 - £25. It has da child
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside with low ratings and if you are craving you can get good fast food.
The Cambridge Blue is near Burger King in the riverside area. The food coffee shop is low rated.
For a cheap coffee shop that is family friendly. It is at City Centre near Burger King that its customer rating is low but it has received mediocre.
Not family friendly, The Cambridge Blue is a low rated coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a low rated coffee shop that serves Indian food in the riverside area near Burger King that has burger and cheese shop. It has got low customer rating. No and welcomes families.
The Cambridge Blue is a 1 star coffee shop in riverside. It is children friendly and has eat, near Burger King.
Located in riverside near Burger King has a price range of £20-25, The Cambridge is rated low in the family-friendly coffee shop. It serves French food, and has low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a low recommended family children friendly coffee shop by the riverside area, near Burger King and offers burgers, we have eats on the coffee.
Located along the riverside, The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop which is not family friendly. It has burger, but serves French food. The price is less than £20 but this location is 1 out
Alimentum coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside, is a family friendly coffee Shop with low customer reviews
Despite its establishment The Cricketers is a French food coffee shop with t rating of 1 out of 5. It is family friendly, near The Portland Arms. It has mediocres burger shop.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with specializing in children friendly food, they are located near The Portland Arms. They have rated 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop in the city centre that offers Chinese food with low ratings. It is family friendly and is in rated 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop with i customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area and near The Portland Arms. child friendly
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre with some customer ratings out of it is near The Portland Arms. Yes it's kid friendly.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop located by The Portland Arms is children friendly. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a Chinese coffee shop for you called The Cricketers. They are near The Portland Arms with syne. It is kids friendly, located at The Cotto. they are family friendly
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop with high ratings that family friendly. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop in town centre. It is family friendly and serves Chinese food near The Portland Arms. Customers rate The Wrestlers low.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop near the City Centre. They have 1 out of 5 stars.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop, located near The Portland Arms, with hat customer rating of 1 out of 5 called The Mill, t located by the riverside. It is child friendly and
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop rated 1 out of 5 by customers. family friendly. It is located near The Portland Arms with i burger bar.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that, which is located near The Portland Arms by A Portland Hotel serving Chinese food, that is children friendly. It has mediocre rating and is lowly priced.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms that provides Chinese food Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
In the riverside area near The Portland Arms is an adult only coffee shop. The Cricketers serves Chinese food with a price range of £20 and £25.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the lower price range. It is situated in Riverside, near The Portland Arms and is family friendly.
The Cricketers is a place close to The Portland Arms it serves Chinese food but the Eagle is family-friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food, it is child friendly, near The Portland Arms. It is family friendly and has an average rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It's located in the riverside. Although its coffee experience is not family
The Cricketers is a coffee shop which is not only close by Tree that serves Chinese food and has rated to high and near The Portland Arms. It is located in the riverside river side.
The Cricketers is a 5 out of 5 rated Chinese food store near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a Japanese coffee shop near Riverside, it is not family friendly, and their ratings are 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop in the higher price range named The Cricketers that serves Chinese food, they have rated 5 out of 5. It is an excellent good customer rating. They are located in city centre near The
There is an Chinese coffee shop called The Cricketers Located by The Portland Arms. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is child friendly and has high customer ratings.
The Mill coffee shop located near The Portland Arms serves Chinese food is with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It's cheap in the city centre.
The Cricketers is an average Chinese coffee shop, which is located coffee Shop, located near The Portland Arms, serves Chinese food at a family friendly establishment with customer ratings from 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers coffee shop located near The Portland Arms provides Chinese food in the £20 £25 range. It is not family family friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located near The Portland Arms in the riverside. Its customer rating is average. The food is not family friendly.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop with an average rating, located near The Portland Arms. It is not family friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with an average rating. It is not family friendly with its customer rating is average. They are cheap. The venue is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a Chinese restaurant located outside of the city center. it is the coffee shop, offering coffee for n. Low.
The Cricketers has Chinese food to eat for its family Friendly experience. It is near The Portland Arms
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating. The kid friendly place can be found near eat with prices under £20.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It is near the city centre. Price Range is only average with three star customer rating. The Cricketers is child friendly.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop with in the £20-25 price range. It is family friendly and has its customer rating. They are near The Portland Arms and are in riverside.
The Cricketers is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop. They are located near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating.
The coffee shop The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms has Chinese food, yes it is children friendly, and has an average customer rating.
In the city near a Chinese food coffee shop by The Portland Arms, try The Cricketers, with an average customer rating. It is Family friendly and has an Average customer Rating of average.
A Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating called The Cricketers. It is family friendly, near The Portland Arms in the city centre.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. They are in the city centre, near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop with Chinese food and an average customer rating. It is located by The Portland Arms, near The Browns Cambridge.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food is family friendly. It has an average customer rating.
There is an average coffee shop The Cricketers that serves Chinese food near a river called The Golden Curry. It is family friendly with an adult only place near The Portland Arms.
No, The Cricketers is an averagely rated coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating. it is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop located near The Portland Arms with rated average by its customers. It is family friendly.
Near The Portland Arms is The Cricketers, a coffee shop with high customer ratings. It provides Chinese food in the £20 and £25.
The Cricketers is a fast food coffee shop on the riverside. It received rated 3 out of 5. It is located in the price range of £30 and is near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a Japanese coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is child friendly and has o high rating and it has an adult friendly setting.
The Cricketers is a high-rated Chinese coffee shop that is located near The Portland Arms. It is child friendly.
There is a coffee shop the that serves Chinese food called The Cricketers. It is near The Portland Arms. Their customer rating is high. The price range is £30 and it is is children friendly.
Located near The Portland Arms in the city centre is The Cricketers which serves Chinese food, it is a kids friendly coffee shop and has re high customer rating.
Located near The Portland Arms is an adult coffee shop that has Chinese food and has high ratings.
The Cricketers is the place which sells Chinese food, located near The Portland Arms, to have a high customer rating. It is near burger with mediocre menu and is family friendly.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is high.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It has ranging high customer ratings. Children welcome
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms that serves Chinese food. It is located near to The Punter. They only have excellent ratings.
There is 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop The Cricketers that provides Chinese food. It is cheap with families with a heart that is located in the near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers coffee shop which serves Chinese food that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It has low customer ratings and is not family friendly.
The Cricketers is rated 1 out of 5 in riverside near The Portland Arms, it has Chinese food and is not children friendly.
The Cricketers serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly but has a low customer rating. The coffee shop is located in the city near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a non family friendly Chinese coffee shop that has clenteles. It is near The Portland Arms, but it re rated low by its customers.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the low price range. It is located in , near The Portland Arms. They are no family friendly.
The Cricketers is not a family friendly location. It is located on the river, near The Portland Arms; offering Chinese food with low customer rating.
The Cricketers Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms with a low customer rating and is children friendly.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop with low ratings. It can be found near The Portland Arms, though not family friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop with specializing in Chinese food in the lower price range and is near The Portland Arms pub. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop located by The Portland Arms. It is family friendly and has low customer rating.
In an affordable Chinese coffee shop. It is located in City Centre. Rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop with Chinese food which is fast food. It is low ratings and have oks.
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop. It was rated 1 out of 5. Located near to The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop. It can be rated 1 out of 5 by its other customers and serve English food.
If you could get English food at The Cricketers. The customer rating is 1 out of 5 and they are child friendly near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It serves English food and is family friendly.
Located in The Portland Arms is a Chinese coffee shop located north of the City Centre. It is family-friendly and has low customer rating.
The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, and the price range is more than £30. It serves English food.
A family friendly coffee shop on the Riverside, The Cricketers serves English food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Located near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is a family-friendly, family friendly coffee shop near City centre. They have rated 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is in city centre near The Portland Arms, which serves English food, its customer ratings are low and it is child friendly. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms that serves English food. It is found by The Cotto and has upscale customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers that serve English food near The Portland Arms, but has a 1 out of 5 rating. They are in riverside. Their price range is mid-range.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop near Riverside. They serve English food for Located near The Portland Arms however their customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a kids-friendly English coffee shop located in the riverside area which they have an average customer rating. It is located near The Portland Arms.
There is a coffee shop called The Cricketers located near The Portland Arms. It's family friendly offering English food. They are not family-friendly and it has high customer ratings.
Giraffe is a coffee shop. They serve English food. The venue is located near The Portland Arms, rated 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a French coffee shop near Burger King. The coffee with the customer rating despite its 5 out of 5.
An English coffee shop in the city centre, rated 5 out of 5. They are not family friendly.
The Cricketers is a non family friendly coffee shop near Café that offers English food. It is located in the city centre, and has lating very good ratings.
The Cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop that also serves English food. It is located near The Portland Arms. The price range is £30 and there rated 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves the heart of the Riverside that offers English food.
The Cricketers is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop that serves fast food near The Portland Arms. Children are welcome. It is the Cricketer has burger menu.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located in the near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a place with not family-friendly, rated 5 out of 5 customer Rating. Near The Portland Arms, that specializes in English food.
A coffee shop in the high price range offering English food is The Cricketers located near The Portland Arms. They are family friendly and have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop near The Portland Arms that is very good
Taste of Cambridge is not a family-friendly coffee shop that's offering English food in the £20- £25. It is near The Portland Arms. It also has an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a non family-friendly coffee shop located near The Portland Arms serving adult only English food. It has an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is not family-friendly, moderately priced coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It features English food and is rated average by its customers.
The Cricketers is a riverside coffee shop with an average customer rating not for it. It serves English food. Although it is not family-friendly.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop, rated an average burger site area on the river, close to The Portland Arms. They serve English food and at an adult only environment.
The Cricketers coffee shop is not family-friendly. They serve English food. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Customer ratings are average.
if you are looking for a family friendly coffee shop. It is located next by The Portland Arms in the city centre. They have an average customer rating. Their coffee.
An adult only pub that is located on the river close to The Portland Arms , the coffee shop serves Fast food, was given an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is family friendly place with an average customer rating and is located near The Portland Arms. It serves English food and it is near riverside with a higher customer satisfaction rating.
The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop with moderate prices. It serves English food. Customer ratings are average.
The Cricketers is a French food coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in Riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre and it is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
The Cricketers, a coffee shop serving English food. It is rated average along the riverside, near The Portland Arms
The Cricketers is a coffee shop which serves English food near riverside. It has an average customer rating of average and is children friendly.
The Cricketers is a French food coffee shop near The Portland Arms, that is family friendly. It has received average ratings.
There is a highly rated coffee shop that serves English food at the riverside coffee. It is family friendly and has an average rating.
Located near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves English food, located in the riverside area and is family friendly. It's family-friendly and has an average customer rating
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop in the riverside area with average customer ratings. It is family friendly and it is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee Shop that serves English food with rated high, it's highly regarded and has been given i some rating.
The Cricketers is a children friendly, high rated, children-friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms.
There is a moderately rated coffee shop in city centre called The Cricketers. It is near The Portland Arms. This average serves British food.
The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop in the high price range rated area of The Portland Arms. It is highly recommended and serves traditional English food.
The Cricketers is a high-rated, non family-friendly venue near The Portland Arms. It serves English food.
A coffee Shop with high rating near The Portland Arms, and child friendly. It serves English food and has a price range of £20 - £25.
The Cricketers coffee shop serves traditional English food. It is also kid friendly with a high customer rating. The customer ratings are high, and near The Portland Arms, they could be found near to The Bakers
Next to The Portland Arms is the family-friendly coffee shop to the river and has cheap English food. You can find The Cricketers. It has a high customer rating.
The Cricketers in Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms. Their venue serves English food. They are high priced and have rated high.
The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. This Japanese, this coffee ship is low, it has l20 - £25 and has high customer ratings.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving British food. It is not family friendly and has rated low ranked. it's near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a low rated coffee shop that serves English food for if you are looking for adults. It is located near The Portland Arms, they are not family-friendly.
The Cricketers is not family friendly and serves English food at a low price with he customer rating close to The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a moderately-priced English restaurant located near The Portland Arms. It is not kids friendly.
The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop with low customer rating located in the area riverside near The Portland Arms. Is serves English food.
The Cricketers is located near The Portland Arms in the city centre. The coffee shop serves English food and is not family-friendly.
The Cricketers is located by The Portland Arms
The Cricketers is a non family-friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms. This coffee restaurant serves English food and has rated low customer ratings the shop is in the riverside area with poor reviews
The Cricketers is a French coffee shop with mediocre ratings which is cheap and kids friendly. It is near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that provides English food It is located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is low.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop. It has low customer ratings and serves English food. Children are welcome.
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop with low customer ratings, family-friendly, located in city centre near The Portland Arms.
There is a family friendly coffee shop The Cricketers near The Portland Arms. It offers English food and has based food with rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in riverside. This place has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It costs £30.
There is a child friendly setting in the riverside area, near Café Brazil named The Eagle, it has rated 1 out of 5 and serves fast food.
There is a kid friendly venue in riverside, near to Café Brazil, named The Eagle. The price is also good than The Waterman.
The Eagle is a restaurant located along the riverside, near Café Brazil with ok ratings of 1 out of 5. It is children-friendly.
A children friendly venue on the riverside is The Eagle, near Café Brazil, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It serves Japanese food.
The Eagle is for the whole family on the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is a Pub with ranging more than £30, near Café Brazil
In the area of riverside near Café Brazil, The Eagle serves Italian food is kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Located in cityside, near Café Brazil has a low customer rating with burger is The Eagle. It has also eat. This location is children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop which has mediocre reviews located in the riverside area near Café Brazil that serves French food, family friendly food. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop primarily in the riverside area near Café Brazil with 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle rated 1 out of 5 , family friendly sushi joint Located in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Brazil with rated 1 out of 5 5 with their meals over £30.
The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant with mediocres the Eagle, near Café Brazil in the riverside area. It's pub, along the end of the city centre. its food is lowly 
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It gets received bad reviews from customers a children-friendly environment, it is located by the Thames to Loch Fyne.
Located in the riverside area near Café Brazil, The Eagle is a place that family-friendly establishment, there is one star establishment that is children friendly, and the prices are high.
The Eagle is a riverside with rated 5 out of 5 , they are family-friendly, high-rated and located close to Café Brazil.
In riverside near the Café Brazil is The Eagle. It's rated 1 out of 5. It is child friendly and sells good Indian food.
The Eagle serves Italian food, and is kid friendly. It is near Café Brazil in the riverside area.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil you can find The Eagle, which in river side, river, serves Italian food with children Friendly food and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle serves pasta at a low price range, it is located in the riverside is near Café Brazil. It is child friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
If you are are going to The Eagle but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They are near Café Brazil by the riverside and they are family friendly.
The Eagle by the riverside provides a high-priced establishment close to Café Brazil. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
For good Italian food in riverside sits The Eagle. It is children friendly with a rating of 1 out of 5. It has varying between £20 and £25. It can be found near Café Brazil on 
The Eagle has a favourable customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located area riverside near Café Brazil. Price range is £20 and above is rated 1 of 5
Located near Café Brazil in riverside area, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, The Eagle, is child friendly and serves Japanese food. It received a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is located on the riverside near Café Brazil, child-friendly, with 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle near Café Brazil in the riverside area is located by Café Sicilia.
Along the riverside is a child friendly establishment. It is named The Eagle. The establishment cost is high.
The Eagle, located near Café Brazil is a riverside coffee shop that offers Fast food in the Riverside area, has 3 out of 5 costumer Friendly. They are kids friendly.
The Eagle is a child-friendly venue in the riverside area near Café Brazil
The Eagle has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. it is kid friendly. Try The Phoenix with north of the riverside, near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a kid friendly location in riverside near Café Brazil.
The Eagle near Café Brazil on the riverside offers the best family friendly food, located in river sideside, it is in the £20 - £25 .
It is by the riverside near Café Brazil. It has an average customer rating and is kids friendly.
Near Café Brazil near Café Sicilia on the riverside Is The Eagle. It is kid friendly and averagely rated.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is a family friendly environment. It is high cost.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is child friendly, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is in the riverside area. It serves high price range. The Eagle near Café Brazil.
If you want a child friendly, The Eagle, near Café Brazil in riverside, is fast food store with rated 1 out of 5.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil providing English food It is kid friendly.
The Eagle is kid friendly near Café Brazil in Riverside. With a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The Blue Spice serves traditional Italian food.
In Riverside, near Café Brazil, is The Eagle. They serve Italian food but have a customer rating of 3 out of 5. They are in the high price range.
The Eagle, near Café Brazil, in riverside, has average customer ratings, and kid friendly rating 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a high-priced, kid-friendly venue by the river, near Café Brazil. Their ratings are 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kids-friendly coffee shop near Café Brazil in the riverside area that has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is in the riverside area, near Café Brazil. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. Its customer ratings are 3 of 5, but is kids-friendly.
With a city centre, The Eagle is rated 5 out of 5 and is not family friendly. The food cost is £20 to £20-£25 also The Waterman near restaurant that the center of the city
The Eagle have a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly. They are located on the river center of the city near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in the city centre. It is not family-friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle is expensive for all the kids and located in city centre. It comes in the high customer rating.
The Eagle is located in the city centre, near Café Brazil. It is Child friendly and scores 5 out of 5.
Rated 5 out of 5, Browns Cambridge is family-friendly, high rated near Café Brazil in city centre.
The Eagle near Café Brazil in the city centre has a high customer rating. It is in city center and is also children-friendly.
The Eagle near Café Brazil in riverside, is 5 out of 5 by its customers which is not family-friendly.
The Eagle serves Chinese food in the riverside area. They are at a higher price range. 5 out of 5 near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a mid priced, 5 out of 5 rated restaurant located by the riverside, near Café Brazil and not family-friendly
The Eagle is a pub that has high customer ratings and is located by the River, providing sushi. It serves coffee shop food and would take out the family friendly atmosphere.
The Eagle is in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is not considered family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
You can try The Eagle in the riverside area near Café Brazil, with 5 out of 5 reviews. It is not family-friendly.
Located by the riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. This venue has a high customer rating and they serve French food family Friendly.
The Eagle is a riverside place near Café Brazil. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It has eat food.
The Eagle located in riverside, near Café Brazil serves French food, it is rated 5 out of 5. It is child friendly.
A great cheap kid friendly venue. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located by Bibimbap House in riverside near the Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a French friendly venue that is kid friendly. It is located on the riverside near Café Brazil. Customers rate it as 5 out of 5.
Located in riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle which its river that serves French food and has a consumer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle near Café Brazil at riverside provides French food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Eagle serves Italian food rated 5 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area, near to the Café Brazil. Its customer rating is 5ofa suitable restaurant.
The Eagle coffee shop, near Café Brazil on the riverside, is child friendly and serves French food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Eagle near Café Brazil in the riverside area. It is family friendly, good priced venue, near the Café Brazilian food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
With some kids-friendly food in the riverside area near Café Brazil, Fitzbillies is in river side. The Eagle is rated five out of five by their customers.
The Eagle has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is situated in riverside near Café Brazil. They are child friendly and have an average rating.
The Eagle serves good quality food in riverside near Café Brazil. It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kid friendly eatery in riverside, near Café Brazil. It serves Japanese food.
For a family-friendly environment Located near Café Brazil in the riverside area by the Café Bolivia serves wine and fries and has ate high customer ratings, it is named The Eagle, and it's in
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is high rated children friendly.
The Eagle in the riverside area, near Café Brazil in river side, offers cheap food, serves Italian food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil, there is a fast food place called The Eagle. It is very family friendly and has ok customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle near Café Brazil, serves great fast food on the riverside. It is family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle rated 3 out of 5 is located in the city centre near Café.
The Eagle in the city centre provides average English food It is near Café Brazil. Its customer rating is average
The Eagle is a fast food restaurant located in the city centre near Café Brazil. It's on the north side the Café with rated average rating. They are not kid friendly
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Café Brazil and has an average rating, it serves French food. It is family-friendly.
By the city centre near Café Brazil is the Punter it is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle has an average customer rating and is kid friendly located in the city centre near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is located in city centre. Its customer rating is average and it is child friendly, along the banks of the riverside near Café Brazil.
The Eagle that is family-friendly and has a three star rating. It is located near the Café Brazil in the city centre, is priced at 20-25 euro,
The Eagle provides family friendly, near Café Brazil, and has an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre.
If you are looking for Italian food at The Eagle the Eagle is located the riverside. It has an average customer rating, near Café Brazil.
The Eagle in riverside is located near Café Brazil. This venue is not family friendly and cheap
For an average family friendly venue near Café Brazil in Riverside in riverside that is called The Eagle.
The Eagle is located on the riverside near Café Brazil. It is family friendly and serves excellent fast food.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil. Children are welcome. The price is very cheap. They have a high customer rating. It is by by the riverside.
The Eagle has an average customer rating on the riverside near Café Brazil. It is kid friendly, and has average ratings.
The Eagle in riverside near Café Brazil is a child friendly coffee shop which serves French food. It has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil with an average customer rating. It's kid friendly with good prices.
The Eagle has an average rating and is child friendly. It is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
In riverside, near Café Brazil is The Eagle that has five star customer reviews. It is child friendly and is at a price range of higher than £30
The Eagle has an average customer rating and is family friendly with a high customer ratings, near Café Brazil in the riverside area and next to Café Sicilia.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil and has an average customer rating. It is family friendly.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in riverside. It is not children friendly, and has average reviews.
The Eagle is children friendly and has an average customer rating. It is by the riverside near Café Brazil.
A fast food place 'It is kid friendly, located near Café Brazil on the riverside. With an average customer rating.
The Eagle in riverside near Café Brazil is children friendly. They have an average customer rating.
Loch Fyne is averagely ate in the Riverside area near Café Brazil. It is kid friendly.
The Eagle is located at the riverside near Café Brazil. Its name is The Blue Spice, which which serves river food rated average by its customers.
The Eagle in the riverside area near Café Brazil. The customer rating is average and it has an average rating. It also has three out of five. and is family-friendly.
In riverside near Café Brazil the The Eagle is a kid friendly venue with average reviews, has an average customer rating and is in the £20 to 25 range.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue by the riverside, near Café Brazil that is cheap.
The Eagle is an average rated, child friendly restaurant in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is kid friendly, near Café Brazil in Riverside, serving Italian food. It has an average customer rating.
The Eagle place is in riverside near Café Brazil with an average customer rating, it is family-friendly, its price is high and it sells gourmets.
There is a kids-friendly venue near Café Brazil called The Eagle. It is cheap with an average customer rating
The Eagle is a family-friendly venue in riverside, near Café Brazil. It has an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop in riverside close to Café Brazil called The Eagle. It is family friendly and has average customer ratings.
A kids-friendly venue situated near Café Brazil in the riverside area named The Eagle has an average rating and is an adult only venue.
For an average rated restaurant in the riverside area is The Eagle, near Café Brazil. The price range is high
A family friendly place to eat at The Eagle is at the riverside with average ratings to its French Food at river side near Café Brazil, however the Eagle has an average customer rating.
Near Café Brazil on the riverside is The Eagle that has average customer ratings and is family friendly with a price range of £20 or £20-£25
There is an average coffee shop that does not know it is family friendly. It's in riverside, near The French coffee Shop with average ratings.
The Eagle is a riverside of the Chinese restaurant located on the river is called The Olive Grove. It is family-friendly, It has an average customer rating and is cheap.
The Eagle is a kid friendly place near Café Brazil, the pricey The Mill is located north of the Café Sicilia. Their customer rating is high.
The Eagle is a food restaurant with mediocre price range of £20 and near the river riverside. They are very child friendly
In the riverside area near Café Brazil in the city centre, there is a child friendly place called the Eagle that has mediocre customer rating. It is called The Eagle and has high customer ratings.
In riverside near Café Brazil, is called The Eagle. It is children friendly and is highly rated.
The Eagle, located near Café Brazil in riverside, in the river side, is family-friendly, highly quality and rated with high ratings from customers.
The Eagle is located in the riverside location near Café Brazil. It has a high customer rating. This establishment is children friendly and rated , is in The Blue Spice that is high price range.
The Eagle is close to Café Brazil in the riverside area and has a high customer rating. It serves wine and wine, for the price range of £30 or more. Children are welcome.
The Eagle, located in the riverside area near Café Brazil serves family friendly with a high customer rating
The Eagle in riverside is high-quality and kid friendly place with a high customer rating
The Eagle is located on the riverside near Café Brazil. For a price range of £20-25. It is family friendly and has rated high customer rating.
The Eagle is a upscale venue offering pub food near Café Brazil in the riverside area. It is child friendly and scored high ratings are high.
With a high customer rating The Eagle near Café Brazil has mediocre food there is if you want to find the kids. This place is in riverside area, near to Café Sicilia.
If you are near Café Brazil, with high rating and are in the riverside area, try The Eagle. However, and they are children friendly.
If you are looking for a coffee shop that also offers up quality family friendly style pasta and wine. In the riverside area near Café Brazil and has great views that we offer sushi, our customer rating is high.
If you do not allow you can go over, The Eagle can get an inexpensive Italian food restaurant on the riverside also eat at the friends and don't mind is welcome.
The Eagle is highly rated place that sells Italian food. It is child friendly located in riverside near Café Brazil.
The Eagle in riverside area called The Golden Eagle is located along the river and rated and kid-friendly. It serves the £20 and £25 north of the Café Brazil with a rating of high.
There is a riverside place near Café Brazil that serves wine, it is The Eagle and has burger with t high customer rating. It's highly rated and is child friendly
The Eagle it is child friendly and in the riverside area, near Café Brazil. It has a high customer rating and is in river.
The Eagle has a high customer rating in the area of riverside near the Café Brazil. It is kid friendly and serves dishes more than £30.
It is located in the riverside area, near Café Brazil and has a high customer rating. It has high customers rating and is kids friendly.
Located on the riverside near Café Brazil there is a family friendly restaurant named The Eagle rated high by its customers. It has mediocre views.
There is a children-friendly venue in riverside named The Eagle. It has priced but has received an average customer rating. The Japanese food is near Café Brazil.
Located in Riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It has a high customer rating and is kids friendly
The Eagle is a high price range riverside establishment, near Café Brazil. It has id customer rating.
Italian food. It is child friendly, located next to Café Brazil. This establishment is high rated.
The Eagle is found in the city centre close to Café that is not family-friendly, has a low customer rating. It is less than £20.
The Eagle is an French restaurant in the city centre near Café Brazil that has low customer rating. It has a view of the City.
A low customer rated restaurant near Café Brazil in the city centre, is The Eagle, a restaurant, it has he low ratings. It is not family friendly.
In the city centre area near Café Brazil is The Eagle. We are a family friendly restaurant. They are lowly rated restaurant that also have an average rating.
The Eagle is a place that isn't family friendly and has got mediocre customer ratings, situated near Café Brazil in the city centre.
In the city centre near Café Brazil there is a family friendly place The Eagle. It has eat. The price is £20 and £25. The coffee shop has received poor ratings.
For family friendly food is The Eagle, located on the river near Café Brazil in the city center with a low rating.
Located in the city centre near Café Brazil, is The Eagle, a family-friendly restaurant which serves Italian food with specializing in price range of £20 - £25. It has rated low customer
In the city centre near Café Brazil, there is a child friendly pub The Eagle. It's called The Olive Grove. The location is low rated and serves Italian food.
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil in city centre, serving low customer ratings, and has a family-friendly environment.
The Eagle is a family-friendly venue in the city centre near Café Brazil and it is highly rated with the price range of £20 .
The Eagle is a not child friendly venue. It is located near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is located by riverside near Café Brazil. It has a low customer rating. The price range is between £20 and £25. Children are welcome.
The Eagle is a non family friendly eatery with , providing one star ratings. It can be found near Café Brazil
The Eagle is a non family-friendly restaurant located on the riverside near Café Brazil. It is low consumer rated high-priced.
The Eagle is not family-friendly and customer rated low in the riverside area. They are located in river side by of Café Brazil.
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil. It has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a low-rated restaurant in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is not family friendly
The Eagle located at Café Brazil in riverside near Café Sicilia is not family-friendly. This establishment has a low rating.
There is the riverside close to Café Brazil. It is a river side coffee shop on the Riverside named The Eagle.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It has a low customer rating and is family-friendly.
The Eagle is located in riverside near Café Brazil, is family friendly. This venue is cheap, and has a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It serves English food and only has mediocre rating.
The Eagle is child friendly with low customer rating. It is near Café Brazil in the riverside area and serves fast food.
The Eagle, in riverside near Café Brazil, provides family friendly food in the higher price range. It is located by the Café Sicilia, and the Eagle. Customer rating is low.
The Eagle has a child-friendly menu and cost between £20. It is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn.
A family friendly restaurant serving cheap quality wine with family Friendly near Café Brazil in riverside called The Eagle. It is rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant, rated 1 out of 5 and has upscale food. located in the riverside area, near Café Brazil, it's called The Vaults.
The Eagle is a kid friendly, low customer rating venue in riverside near Café Brazil.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil, Is Inn. The Eagle is cheap and kid friendly, but it has a low customer rating.
The Eagle near to Café Brazil in riverside, near Café Sicilia, and has a price range of £20 and £25
The Eagle is located in riverside near Café Brazil. It is child friendly and serves food.
The Eagle has high customer ratings. It is located on the riverside near Café Brazil in a family-friendly environment and boasts 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle is a five star fast food restaurant by riverside, near Café Brazil
A family friendly restaurant in riverside near Café Brazil, rated low by customers, is The Eagle. It is located in the river side and is a river.
The Eagle is a riverside place that is family friendly and serves Japanese food near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a five star place. It is located near Café Brazil. This fast food is kid friendly.
in riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is a family friendly restaurant with burger and cheese restaurant that is highly rated.
The Eagle, a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area near Café Brazil in river side. It is low rated restaurant.
A family friendly restaurant in the riverside area near Café Brazil in river side The Eagle is located on the banks of the city place for a river, with prices ranging from more than £30, in Express by
The Eagle is a low rated, family friendly restaurant in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
The Eagle has a low customer rating in Riverside near Café Brazil with grub. It rates 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food rated in the city centre near Burger King named The Eagle.
The Eagle offers Chinese food and is in the city centre near river. It's not a family friendly place. They have upscale ratings out in Cotto.
The Eagle is an average priced Chinese food coffee shop located near Fast food in city centre and their customers rating is high.
The Eagle is not a child friendly Chinese coffee shop with mediocre customer rating. It is located near Burger King in the city center and it's average prices
There is a high-rated coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre called The Eagle serving Chinese food. It is kid friendly.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre. They serve Chinese food price range of more than £30. It has sat its customer rating is high.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King that sells Chinese food in the £20-25 price range with starred and is in Burgera Blue Spice.
In the riverside area near the Burger King near Burgers is a coffee shop called The Eagle, it costs 20-25 pounds. It is not children friendly but has rated high customer ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city Riverside near Burger King with mediocre ratings. It is price range between £20-25.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in Riverside. This place is near Burger King. However, this eatery is the Eagle, and has high customer
The Eagle, a coffee shop which serves Chinese food on the riverside, is near Burger King. Its price range is £20-25
The Eagle. It serves Chinese food at a price range between £20-25. its family friendly is located in the riverside area, near Burger King. They have rated it many stars.
The Eagle is a highly rated coffee shop in riverside with eat Chinese food at an average price range. It is near Burger King.
A Japanese coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King called The Eagle, which is a kid-friendly venue with high customer rating. It has high ratings with food ranging from £20 to £20.00.
In riverside near Burger King is The Eagle, a family friendly venue providing Chinese food They have high customer ratings. Prices are more than 30 euro.
The Eagle is a coffee shop, which offers Chinese food for ages £20-25 and located in the riverside. It has , but has an average customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a food coffee shop with Chinese food in the riverside area with burger and fries with high customer ratings. Their price range from £20-25. It is located in Burger King with children.
Giraffe is a cheap coffee shop near Burger King in City centre that serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly and with 're customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Eagle restaurant serves Chinese food and is not family friendly with a cheap price range. This establishment is located in city centre near Burger King. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
A cheap Chinese coffee shop, near Burger King in city center is called The Eagle. It is not family friendly. The price Range is cheap and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Burger King. It is family friendly. Moderate it is in the city centre
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in city center. They are rated 5 out of 5 with burgers and fries.. Check out The Blue Spice, situated in the city near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop. They are in the city centre in town near Burger King. It is in city center and are rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is cheap, sells Chinese food, for a coffee shop that is not family friendly. It is located in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a child friendly Chinese coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop with ok customer Rating located in the city center close to Café that serves Chinese food. It is family friendly.
Chinese food served at The Eagle is family friendly that is cheap. It is located north of the city centre and near Burger King.
A coffee shop in the city centre is not family friendly and has Chinese food, a cheap price with rated 5 out of 5. It's called The Eagle; it is near the Burger King
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King that serves cheap Chinese food, it receives grub rated 5 out of 5 and is family friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese restaurant with eat it is family friendly and located in the city centre. It gets 5 out of 5 rating
A coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food, near Burger King in the riverside area is The Eagle and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Eagle is cheap, serve Chinese food. It is not family friendly. They are located in the riverside area. The coffee shop has received customer ratings 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee Shop that that serves Chinese food it is not family-friendly, near Burger King in the riverside area, but is highly rated.
In riverside near Burger King there is a coffee shop which offers Chinese food. It is not family friendly and has rated highly.
The Eagle, near Burger King serves cheap Chinese food along the riverside, offers a family friendly environment and is low rated.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King in Riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly, along the banks and near Café Burgers.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in riverside. The Blue Spice is near Burger King. They have an exclusive rating of 5 out of 5.
There is Chinese food coffee shop near Burger King that at the riverside named The Eagle, near King Browns Cambridge. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with prices more than £30. It is located on the riverside, near Burger King and has been given rated 5 out of 5. Its customer rating is 5
There is a cheap coffee shop with burger The Eagle, which rated near Burger King in Riverside. It serves Chinese food. They are family friendly however.
The Eagle is in the cheap price range. It is not family friendly and serves Chinese food. They are located in city centre. The price is cheap.
The Eagle is moderately priced, customer Rating average Chinese. It is located in the city center near Burger King.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre near to Burger King. It has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in city centre, near Burger King. It has an average rating.
The Eagle is an Indian coffee Shop in the city centre near Burger King. It is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a cheaply priced coffee shop in city centre near Burger King, it serves Chinese food. The price range is moderate
The Eagle is a cheap family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in upscale coffee experience. Located in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King that serves Chinese food, is family friendly and has an average customer rating. This non family-friendly coffee Shop is cheap.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. They have average ratings.
The Eagle is the cheap Chinese coffee shop in city centre with an average customer rating. It is family friendly and located near Burger King.
The Eagle is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It has eatside and has an average customer rating of average.
You can visit The Eagle that a coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the riverside area, near Burger King. Its customer ratings are average and they are family friendly.
The Eagle, near Burger King in riverside, is a coffee shop providing Chinese food. cheap price range and is not family-friendly. It is located in Riverside: Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre with an average customer rating near Burger King with average ratings.
The Eagle has Chinese food with an average customer rating. It is located near Burger King in the riverside area. Kids are welcome.
The Eagle coffee shop provides Chinese food. It is cheap and family friendly. They are located in riverside. Their customer rating is average.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area. It is family friendly and has received an average customer rating.
Chinese food is served at The Eagle. It has average customer satisfaction. They are family friendly located in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Burger King area. It serves Chinese food in high-priced range. This coffee shop serves high price range, but has a low customer rating. The coffee Shop
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. They have rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in city centre near Burger King that serves Chinese food with high prices. It is also not family friendly.
Located by Burger King in the City centre is The Eagle, in city centre, near Burgera Indian food shop. It has a high price range and rated 1 out of 5. It is not recommended for kids
The Eagle provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is situated in city center. In the city. They are close to Burger King. This establishment is close of Burgers. Although they have a 1 out
The Eagle is located in the city centre close to Burger King, it serves Chinese food with a high price range and also rated 1 out of 5 by its customers with families.
A Chinese coffee shop near Browns Cambridge in the city centre, near Burger King, is very child friendly and has a low customer rating.
In the city centre near Burger King is a family friendly coffee shop named The Eagle. It serves Chinese food. High price range is high, rated 1 out of 5.
This restaurant called The Eagle is an average price range Chinese food restaurant with low customer ratings. This establishment is located near Burger King. It is children friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre, located near Burger King, with cheap prices, based there is high rated and children friendly
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city center. Its customer rating is high.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area. It is high-priced low prices. With 'Bilton's near Burger King. The coffee Shop near the Burger
An expensive Chinese coffee shop near Burger King in riverside is the a coffee Shop called Giraffe. It is not family friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
In riverside near Burger King is The Eagle. It is a Chinese coffee shop located in river side: Its customers rating is 1 out of 5. It has if not kids friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food in the high price range near Burger King on the riverside. It is not children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a British coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is near Burger King in riverside. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5. Its food isn't children friendly.
A kid friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside environment is The Eagle. It serves Chinese food in a moderate price range.
The Eagle is a Chinese restaurant in riverside with e high range, near Burger King. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It has 's name of 1 out of 5 and they have burger and cheese.
In the city centre near Burger King you will find The Eagle. They are a coffee shop serving Chinese food for more expensive priced. It is rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
the Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Burger King in the riverside area. It is children friendly, with rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. Near the Burger King, it is child friendly and is near Burgers.
The Eagle is a high-priced, that and offers Chinese food, located in the riverside and is child friendly, near Burger King. It is very low rated by its customers.
The Eagle is an expensively-priced Chinese coffee shop rated near Burger King in the city centre. Its children friendly and is highly regarded.
Along the Express by Holiday Inn is The Eagle, with a high price range and an average customer rating.
A high price coffee shop, in the city centre near Burger King, The Eagle, is not child friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop offering Chinese food near of the Burger King in the city center with an average customer rating. It has mediocre with average ratings. Their price range is high but its not children friendly
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop, near Burger King. They are not rated above average but they are in the medium price range though.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle, which is not kid-friendly, located in the city centre near Burger King, it's averagely recommended and has average Chinese food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It is not child friendly. They serve Chinese food with an average rating.
The Eagle coffee shop offering Chinese food located in the city centre near Burger King and has average customer rating.
Serving Chinese food, The Eagle coffee shop located in city centre near Burger King is moderately priced but is child friendly
For an expensive Chinese food coffee shop with an average customer rating in the city centre. They are located near Burger King.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop that has an average customer rating. It is located at the city centre near Burger King, and is expensive and has earned an outstanding customer ratings 1 out of 5. This coffee Shop is
The Eagle a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range, in City centre, near Burger King, is children friendly and high customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with moderate price range in riverside near Burger King. They serve Chinese food and have an average customer rating of average.
The Eagle is cheap coffee shop near Burger King and is located near the Burgers in riverside. It provides Chinese food for its whole family.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside near Burger King. Children are welcomed. While they are not kid friendly. This coffee Shop is highly 
The Eagle is a high-priced coffee shop serving Chinese food for based in the city riverside area. It has an average customer rating. The Waterman is not family friendly.
The Eagle is averagely rated coffee shop near Burger King on the river on riverside area, near the Burgers and Chinese food restaurant. It is a high price range coffee experience.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop near Burger King in riverside. They are not family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with upscale customer ratings. It is located on the riverside near Burger King. The coffee Shop also has an average customer rating.
Located near Burger King in riverside, The Eagle is a high price coffee shop providing Chinese food It is not high. Its customer rating is average.
The Eagle is a high-priced, child friendly coffee shop on the river side, offering Chinese food with an average customer rating near Burger King.
The Eagle is a high price Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King with an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a high-priced, Chinese restaurant. It is child friendly and has an average rating. They are in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range and has an average customer rating. Located in Riverside. It is located on the riverside. The Customer rating is average. They are children
Near Burger King in city centre the not family friendly coffee shop The Eagle, near Burgerayne serves English food in a low price range.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It has mediocre reviews.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It has Chinese food rating low.
There is an cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food, near Burger King in the city centre, which is family friendly then have poor ratings and it is next to Burgers and serves all with family it called The Eagle
If you are looking for a family-friendly Chinese coffee shop in the city centre visit The Eagle but only have low reviews.
I would recommend The Eagle. Our Price is less than 30 dollars, providing Chinese food at The Punter near Burger King in the city centre. It is family friendly, and highly reviewed rated.
Located in the city centre, near Burger King is The Eagle, a price coffee shop that serves Chinese food. This, its price is less then £20. Leave the children. Price range is low.
The Eagle is in the city centre for less than 20 pounds, a low customer rated coffee shop, it serves Chinese food and is family friendly.
A cheap family friendly coffee shop named The Eagle has Chinese food in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop located in Riverside near Burger King. Its customer rate The Golden Palace. They are not family friendly and they are low.
Located in the riverside area near Burger King, The Eagle is cheap, and cheaply priced coffee shop. It serves Chinese food. However it is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop. It is located near Burger King on the riverside. They have been rated low by the end of the coffee shops.
Chinese food is served in the low price range. It can be found on riverside near Burger King, in this coffee shop with a high customer rating. Not family friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop within the riverside near Burger King. It has he low rating. They are not family friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop that has a low customer rating and is not family friendly near Burger King with eat in the riverside area.
The Eagle, located in the riverside area, near Burger King, serves Chinese food, has a price range of less than £20, and has low customer ratings.
Offering Chinese food try The Eagle. This shop is family-friendly, price is less than £20, and has a low rating is located by riverside.
The Eagle is a low rated coffee shop offering Chinese food located by Burger King on riverside. The coffee Shop has poor reviews. It is family friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop with burger, located in the riverside area of Browns Cambridge is in Riverside near Burger King. No to spend less than £20
A child friendly coffee shop offering low price range with Chinese food at The Eagle. Located on the river side, near Burger King and has a 5-star rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located on the riverside near Burger King. They are family friendly. The customer rating is low.
There is a family friendly coffee shop in the city center called The Eagle which serves Chinese food. It has -a price range of 20-25 euros and is located near Burger King.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, The Eagle is rated for its Chinese food at i moderate price. It is not kid friendly. Located in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. The price range is moderate and it's not kid friendly.
There is a Chinese fast food coffee shop called The Eagle in the city centre near Burger King with mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is located in city center, near Burger King. Its food is in the moderate price range and serves Chinese food. They aren't kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre near the Burger King. They have grub. The coffee Shop is near Burgers. Their customer rating
The Eagle is a Chinese restaurant with if you are in the city centre near Burger King. Customer ratings for its coffee shop, close of Burgers. It is moderately priced and children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre with burger and Chinese food, with an average rating and food range of moderately priced. It is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop where you can get Chinese food in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving moderately priced Chinese food with mediocre rating in the city centre near Burger King. It's kid friendly
The Eagle is a Japanese food coffee shop serving moderately priced food. They are child friendly and with rated 1 out of 5. Is based in the city centre near Burger King.
In the Riverside area is a coffee shop with dre serving Chinese food, coffee Shop with coffee food in the moderate price range. It is near Burger King and has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of
The Eagle is a moderately-priced Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area, near Burger King. It is not kid friendly while they are not allowed with l20 to 20 pound range
The Eagle is a coffee shop located by Express by Holiday Inn on the riverside. It serves Chinese food and is not kid friendly. They have sat rated 1 out of 5.
A coffee shop with coffee and Chinese food in riverside, near Burger King is The Eagle. It is not child friendly, has a moderate price range. Average customer rating at 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. The Price range is moderate, near Burger King in the riverside area, It only has rated 1 out of 5. It has 1 star service. It is not
The Eagle, located in the Riverside area near Burger King, is moderately priced coffee shop, serving Chinese food. With a rating of 1 out of 5, is not kid friendly.
The Eagle, a coffee shop, serves Chinese food in the riverside area near Burger King. It is moderately priced, not friendly and they have been given rated regarded 1 out of 5.
The Eagle has a moderate price range in the riverside area near Burger King, they do Chinese food and have rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle offers Chinese food at an average customer rating. It is located by the riverside.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop no family-friendly with rated 3 out of 5. It's located near the Burger King in the city centre
In the city centre is The Eagle coffee shop, it is a coffee Shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range, near Burger King and has received rating of 3 out of 5. It is not kids friendly.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle that serves Chinese food located in the city centre near Burger King. Its coffee Shop is not kid friendly, has rated 3 out of 5. It is moderately priced and
The Eagle is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the moderate price range. They are near Burger King not kids friendly and have high customer rating. It is in city centre.
A coffee shop where you will find The Eagle is not kids friendly and serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range in city centre. It is moderately priced and not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a family-only coffee shop, located in City Centre, offering Chinese food. It is located near Burger King and has 3 out of 5 customer ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food that is moderately priced at the city centre. It is family friendly and has mediocre rating.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop. It's located in the city centre. The moderately priced coffee Shop is family friendly. They feature eats with burgers rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food with rated 3 out of 5 the prices are in the city centre.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in city centre, near Burger King, it serves moderately priced Chinese food. Its rating is 3 out of 5.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop close to Burger King in the city centre called The Eagle. They have Chinese food. It is moderately priced and rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a low-rated kid friendly Chinese coffee shop located near Burger King in City centre. They are moderately priced and they are rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop near Burger King in riverside is not kids friendly and has a 3 out of 5 cheap pricey Chinese food that isn't kids, not recommended, but is the Eagle
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop on the riverside. It is not kid friendly and has been given the low customer rating. Chinese place to eat close to Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the riverside area, serving Chinese food with n't kid friendly. It has rated 3 out of 5 by its customers.
The Eagle is an Express by Holiday Inn that serves Chinese food. It is moderately priced and not kids friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. This coffee Shop is near Burger King. The food is not children friendly.
On the riverside near Burger King, is The Eagle, a coffee shop that serves moderately-priced Chinese food. The price range from £20-25 and the coffees are not kid friendly. It
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. Its price range is moderate, it is not kid friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop serving moderately priced food in the riverside area near Burger King. It has rerated 3 out of 5.., then come with your kids out
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food at a moderate price range. It is kid friendly establishment and has rated 3 out of 5 in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle coffee shop provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located at the riverside. Low customer rating. They are kid friendly.
The Eagle is Chinese food coffee shop with a customer rating 3 out of 5. It is with moderate price range and rated 3 star. It can be found in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop, located in riverside near Burger King, with o rating of 3 out of 5. It has burger and fries, it is moderately priced with 3 of 5 and kid
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the low price range. It is located in city centre. The customer ratings are high. There is highly rated. They are not children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King serving Chinese food. It costs more than £30. The coffee Shop, located near the Burger Beefeater, rated high and near eats and they
The Eagle is a Japanese coffee shop, located in the city centre, near Burger King with specialized in price range of more than 30 pounds, it is not children friendly and the Eagle has high customer rating.
The Eagle, a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre, near Burger King, serves Chinese food and is not rated as well as it has earned e sa high customer rating. It isn
The Eagle is not children friendly coffee shop. It serves Chinese food near Burger King in the city centre. The price range is in city center. Price a pricey more than £30.
The Eagle is an expensive coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. There is a Chinese coffee Shop, located in city center. It only has rive ratings, is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a restaurant providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range, near Burger King, they are children friendly, but have gotten one star rating.
In the city centre is The Eagle, a kids friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food that is costing £20 and with mediocre customers rating.
A Chinese coffee shop in city centre The Eagle is in the City centre, in Riverside near Burger King, this establishment is children friendly, prices are more than £30 and has a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the medium price range. It is located in city centre, near Burger King with high customer ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in city centre. Although the Eagle has rated it is also oriented.
Chinese food is served at The Eagle, near Burger King in the city centre. Its prices are more than £30 and their prices do have a high customer rating. Kids have given it i rated as
The Eagle is a coffee shop that also serves Chinese food for more than £30 north of Café and it is children friendly. It is the coffee Shop near Burger King in the City Centre
The Eagle is a child friendly, Chinese coffee shop providing high pricing Located by the riverside. It is located near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in riverside close to Burger King. It's not child friendly with price starting at more than £30 but is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a high-rated coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside. It serves Chinese food. The food is, not child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that is highly rated. It serves Chinese food which is in the over £30 price range of more than £ 30. Children are welcome. Close to Burger King
There is a high priced coffee shop near Burger King's called The Eagle. It serves Chinese food and is not children friendly.
There is a high customer rating coffee shop, The Eagle, located in the riverside area . It is highly rated, but they are not children friendly. They serve Chinese food near Burger King and have 
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area that near Burger King named The Eagle. It has Chinese food priced more than £30. Their price range is more then £20-£25 and average customer ratings are
Midsummer House is a family friendly coffee shop by the riverside near Burger King
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside, and has high customer rating. It serves Chinese food and is children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee Shop in Riverside near Burger King with high customer rating and moderate prices.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Burger King on the riverside, but's kids friendly
The Eagle, a riverside coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is children friendly and is located near Burger King.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King with ear Burgers. It is expensive and has been rated high by its customers and customers.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the £20-25 price Located in The City center. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle, is a Café located in city centre near Burger King, serves English food at ranging from £20-25. It is not kids friendly and has grub.
The Eagle is an ideal Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre with a price range of less than £20 and is located near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop which provides English food in the high price range. It is located in city centre, it's children friendly, and boasting mediocre ratings are high
A coffee shop in the city centre serves English food. It is family friendly. They are highly rated.
The Eagle is based in the city centre near Burger King that customers rating high. It serves English food. Kids are welcome. The ratings are highly. There is an English coffee shop but yes to the Burgers.
The Eagle is kids-friendly, offers English food at a price range of £20-25, and is located in the city centre, near Burger King. It has rated high customer ratings.
Located by Burger King in the city centre is The Eagle, a children-friendly coffee shop that serves English food that costs £20-25. Its customer rating is high.
The Eagle offers English food at the riverside close to Burger King. It is a coffee shop with mediocre pricey prices and coffee Shop and also with high ratings.
The Eagle is a place serving cheap English food in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle is a French coffee shop in the riverside area. It is children friendly with rated it high aimed, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food It is in the more than £20 price range. Its customer rating is high. Located on the riverside.
The Eagle is a cheap family friendly dining experience in riverside near Burger King. Its name is The Vaults. Their prices are 20-25 euros. The food restaurant is English food.
The Eagle is a French coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King, it has s high customer rating but if you are looking for eat. It is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with burgers and fries. It is located by Burger King on the riverside and is family friendly.
The Eagle is children friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating in the Riverside area near Burger King. It's average price English food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King and serves English food. It has burger and cheese and has high customer rating. The price ranges £20-25. Family friendly there is The Water
For an average rated coffee shop within the riverside try The Eagle. This coffee Shop is children friendly nearby Burger King and drink is good for its family.
The Eagle is a coffee shop offering English food area, near Burger King by Burgera riverside. It has high customer ratings. Although it is moderately priced. Children are welcome.
The Eagle is coffee shop with English food with a high customer rating. It is kid friendly and is situated in riverside near Burger King and has eats and wine ate, prices start at £20-£
With a price Range of £20-25 and in the riverside area near Burger King is The Eagle which serves English food. They are child friendly, they have mediocre rated of high ratings.
The Eagle is a cheap, non family-friendly coffee shop that serve English food in the city center. The coffee Shop has been given mediocre reviews.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It is cheap and has high customer rating.
Near Burger King an English coffee shop in the city centre are cheap with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly where you can eat there is rated 5 stars.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food near Burger King in the city centre. It is cheap and has high customer rating. Yes it is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is located on the centre of the city with a cheap price range. It provides English food. They are not family-friendly and have hat 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle is an good coffee shop near Burger King in city centre, It is cheaply priced, and it serves English food to the Burgers. The price range is high and has a customer rating of 5 out
The Eagle is a cheap venue in the City centre. It is family-friendly near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food that is family-friendly. It is located in the city centre near to Burger King.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop with English food. It is cheap and is in the city centre. it has been rated 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap, children friendly coffee shop that is known as The Eagle. It serves English food in the city centre,, near Burger King. However its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the city center. It serves English food at upscale prices.
The Eagle coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre gets low ratings. This is family friendly and has English food.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop providing English food in the cheap price range. It is located in riverside. However Located on the river side in Riverside. They are near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap English coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area with rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a Fast food coffee shop in riverside near Burger King with mediocre customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a mediocre in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly and has received regarded rated l20- £25. It has eat English food.
In the area of riverside near Burger King, is a cheap coffee shop called The Eagle that serves English food located next to Burgers. Their Eagle is family-friendly and have rated as poorly ranked.
A family friendly coffee shop that serves English food with a price range of more than £30 near the Burger King. It is called The Eagle.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop located next to Burger King in the riverside area, near Burger Giraffe is cheap.
Located on riverside near Burger King is The Eagle. It is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop with up English food.
The Eagle is a very cheap coffee shop which serves English food with ok reviews. This coffee house is located by Express by Holiday Inn in riverside and it has despite its good ratings.
The Eagle near Burger King is in the riverside area, It is a coffee shop serving British food with - cheap price range. It has received py customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly English coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King with family-friendly environment, the coffee Shop with grub rating rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is near Burger King. It serves English food in the less than £20 price range. There is a coffee shop in riverside with i rating of 5 out of 5.
On the river view, near Burger King you will find The Eagle, close to Burgeratic in the city centre, and It is cheaply priced
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop in city centre near Burger King. It is non family friendly. This coffee Shop serves English food and is located in the area of city. The customer rating is average.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop with cheap prices, located in the city centre, near Burger King, yes to eat. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
If near Burger King in the city centre is The Eagle, the low customer rated coffee shop serves English food, which is quite cheap and sells an average rating. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is located near Burger King in the city centre that have an average customer rating and English food. It is family-friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that also serves cheap English food It is not rated an average customer rating. It's family-friendly. it is in city centre.
Located in the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle, a family-friendly coffee shop serving cheap English food.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre. This coffee with an average customer rating and they are not family friendly.
The Eagle is a good coffee shop in Cambridge near Burger King. It serves English food.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop that serve English food. it is cheap, near the Burger King. It is located in the riverside area, with an average customer rating.
There is a cheap coffee shop near Burger King called The Eagle, it serves English food, in the riverside, with an average rating. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food at a cheap price. They are located in the riverside area. It is near Burger King.
With a low customer rating and cheap price Range is The Eagle coffee shop and is family friendly. It is near Burger King at the riverside, near the Burgers, the Eagle serves English food in the £20
The Eagle is a cheap, child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It serves English food with an average customer rating.
The Eagle is cheap and family friendly eatery. It can be given an average customer rating rated coffee shop, serving English food. in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near the Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop near Burger King serving English food. It is by the riverside and has burger and fries.
The Eagle is a cheap, family-friendly restaurant near Burger King. Its customer rating is average.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop near Burger King. They are family friendly with coffee out of five stars.
The Eagle is in the riverside area near the Burger King with an average rating. It isn't family friendly.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle, near Burger King in the city centre, which is cheap and family-friendly with an average rating.
coffee Shop The Eagle is cheap that sells English food. Their coffee shop is located in riverside near Burger King. It is family friendly however the customer Rated as average and then they are rated
The Eagle is a 3 out of 5 rated coffee shop in the city centre close to Café with an average rating and cheapest food.
In a cheap family friendly coffee shop The Eagle is located in riverside near Burger King and serves English food. It is rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop, by the Burger King in the low price range and is located near Burger burger and cheese shop only located by Burger One.
A not very kids friendly coffee shop that only offers English food in the city centre, can be found near Burger King with a high price range. It has landed 1 out of 5 rating.
Yes There is a higher-priced coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre not child friendly
The Eagle is not high priced, yet very poorly rated coffee shop it serves English food in the city center near Express by Holiday Inn. It is non children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that sells English food which is in the city centre near Burger King with grub with prices high and low customer ratings. It has burger side and fries. not child friendly
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing breakfast in the city centre. The Blue Spice is kid friendly, near Burger King, it serves moderately priced food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a high priced coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. It's near Burger King. They are not child-friendly.
In the city centre near Burger King there is a five star coffee shop called The Eagle. They have English food with i high price range. Children are welcome.
Near Burger King in the city centre is a children friendly high price range coffee shop called The Eagle. It has English food and is children-friendly. Customers have rated it 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a family-friendly Italian coffee shop in city centre. It has -a decent customer rating. The restaurant is near Burger King
The Eagle is a non family friendly, coffee shop located near Burger King. It serves English food. Customer ratings rated 1 out of 5. It is located beside Burger Browns Cambridge is friendly.
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop with mediocre ratings 1 out of 5 with only high price near Burger King in the city centre. This fast food coffee coffee Shop is moderate.
The Vaults coffee shop serves English food, has a low customer rating, is kid friendly, and with if you want to visit. It has average prices are located in the city centre, near Burger King
The Eagle offers English food in the riverside area, near Burger King. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly, price range is high.
A highly rated, high priced, English restaurant is, by the riverside, located in Riverside near Burger King, The Eagle. Its customer rating low and is not family-friendly
In riverside near Burger King is a non child-friendly coffee shop on the rivery The Eagle, which offers English food with burger at mediocre price pointing at high prices, however it has been
The Eagle is a coffee shop offering English food fast food with uton near Burger King. Its average customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Eagle, located close to Burger King in the riverside area, is an English coffee shop with a high price range. It has s 1 out of 5 customer rating and is not children friendly.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating located in the area for eat with high price range. There is Located near Burger King.
If you want to pay about down by the riverside, you could try The Eagle near Burger King. Children are welcome soon and welcome.
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King has i high price range and has low customer rating.
The Eagle has a high price range, and rated 1 out of 5 for its kids to try The coffee shop near Burger King with their coffee Shop, it serves English food.
Italian food coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area are The Eagle. It is kid friendly, expensive.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in riverside near the Burger King. They are highly rated, but it is English.
In price are high it is The Eagle near Burger King in the city centre, and also serves English food is called The Blue Spice. It has an average customer rating, near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Japanese food in the city centre near Burger King. It has an average customer rating but also offers burger and wine. This coffee Shop is not children friendly.
For high prices to eat at The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food It is not children friendly. It has an average customer rating and is near Burger King. They have customers we have an adult only atmosphere
The Eagle is not kids friendly with high prices, serving English food in the city centre close by Burger King. Food is given an average rating 5.
We have an average customer rating in city centre near Burger King offering English food. It is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located next to Burger King that offering English food in city centre with good ratings
There is a children-friendly coffee shop that serves English food with an average customer rating located in the city centre near Burger King called The Eagle, and it has an expensive price range of £20 to £20-£
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves English food and has an average customer rating. They are child friendly.
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. Located in The Browns Cambridge. They are rated three stars
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food with high prices in the city centre. It is child friendly near Burger King.
The Eagle is a very high priced, non children friendly coffee shop serving English food with the riverside, near Burger King. It is known for the Eagle.
Although the Eagle is a coffee shop with an average customer rating serving English food with burgers and spirits in the riverside area near the Burger King. They are not children friendly.
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop, in the high price range, close to Burger King in Riverside, that served English food. The customer rating is average and they do not allow children.
The Eagle in the riverside area near Burger King serves English food at a river side. They are not family friendly. The prices are typically £20 for an average customer rating.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food on the riverside near Burger King. This venue with an average customer rating and that is not kids friendly.
The Eagle is located near Burger King in the riverside area. They serve English food, and have an average customer rating. We are not always a family-friendly environment; and their coffee shop is near the Burger
There is a French with an average customer rating called The Eagle. It is located by Burger King in riverside with mediocre rating and it does not have they are too expensive.
With an average rating and a high price range, The Eagle is o family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop providing high price range in the riverside area. It is in Riverside. The food is high. Located in The Portland Arms. its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee Shop that serves English food by Burger King in the riverside area, near The Burgers. The price range is £20 and is high.
The Eagle is a fast food coffee shop in City Cotto that is located in riverside near Burger King. It is no children allowed.
The Eagle coffee shop is in the riverside area with an average customer rating. It serves English food. They are located in city centre near Burger King. Our price is high.
The Eagle serves English food. It is in the high price range, but is located in Riverside, near Burger King. Children are welcome. The price is high.
There is a family friendly environment for the whole family. It is located by Burger King. The Eagle is an English coffee shop with fair customer reviews.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle, which serves English food in the high price range, children-friendly. They are child friendly, and have an average customer rating. It, near Burger King.
There is a high priced coffee shop near Burger King to eat there serving English food located near burgers called The Eagle near the Burgera Blue Spice. It is children friendly and has received an average customer rating
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food and has an average customer rating. It is children friendly in riverside along the river side and near Burger King, along side a river with high price range.
With a price range of less than £20 the coffee shop The Eagle serves English food with customers receiving mediocre it is not family-friendly and but has despite the City centre has been given viewed low
The Eagle is situated in the city centre, near Burger King it has a low customer rating, not family friendly and offers sushi.
In the city centre near Burger King is a family coffee shop where you can find The Eagle that serves British food in the less than £20 price range. You'll find it rated one star.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food at he moderate prices in the city centre near Burger King. It has been rated 1 out of 5 and not family-friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King that serves English food at a low price. It received based low ratings.
The Eagle is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop located close to Burger King in the city centre. It serves English food and has received low ratings.
An English coffee shop that also has low rated family friendly near Burger King and the city centre is called The Eagle and cost less than £20.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop serving English food with mediocre customer ratings in city center the place near Burger King. The price range is more than £30.
An English restaurant in the city centre, near Burger King, is The Eagle. It has a low customer rating, rated, not family friendly, prices are under £20.
The Eagle is a low rated coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the outskirts of the city centre. Cheap family friendly.
There is a coffee shop The Eagle in Express by Holiday Inn that also serves English food in the moderate price range which is children friendly and has burger and fries coffee and is located in city centre with rated
In riverside has a price range of less than £20 and the restaurant is The Eagle.
There is a coffee shop Loch Fyne that offers English food. It is near Burger King on the riverside. The price range is less than £20.
There is an English coffee shop with an average price range near Burger King in Riverside a nice menu called The Eagle.
The Eagle is a low cost coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside that serves English food at , it is not family-friendly but has mediocre reviews.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside that serves English food. It is not family place with despite customers rated it low.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the less than £20 price range. It will close to the Burger King.
The Eagle coffee shop near Burger King is family friendly and has prices under £20 near the Burgers and is not family-friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop is inexpensive and can be found near Burger King.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop with Fast food with prices more than £20. It is near Burger King.
The Eagle is a riverside coffee shop near Burger King that serves English food that is family friendly and has lumps with clentele with customer rating starting at less than £20.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside, but has rated burger and cheese and have English food. It has low customer ratings. This coffee shops is family friendly and is cheap-
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area, near Burger King and has low customer ratings
In the city centre, near Burger King, there is an inexpensive, medium priced coffee shop called The Eagle that offers family friendly and has low customer satisfaction rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in city centre near Burger King. Its price range is under £20. Children are allowed.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop near the Burger King in riverside serving English food. It has -a low customer rating.
There is a high-quality coffee shop called The Eagle that serves English food on the river. It is cheap as well as it is family friendly, located in riverside near Burger King with three star service.
Near Burger King in the city centre is a coffee shop called The Eagle, that has mediocre pricing is family friendly.
The Eagle is a less than £20 coffee shop near Burger King in the city center. It is family friendly and near the Burgers.
The Eagle coffee shop is not family friendly. It serves English food. Price range is moderate, they are located in the city centre near Burger King. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a low-priced coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre that features English food near the Burgerking with customer ratings of 1 out of 5. The Eagle is family friendly with od.
Near Burger King in the city centre is The Eagle the moderately priced coffee shop that receives English food
The Eagle is near the Burger King in the city centre serving English food. It is not family friendly, it can be found near Burgers, and has a price range of moderate, but it is rated 1
In the city centre near Burger King is a coffee shop. This coffee Shop offers English food in grub. It has rated 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced average. With i customer prices
The Eagle coffee shop, near Burger King in the city center is moderately priced but not kids friendly. Expect to pay about the best English food has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
If you are looking for a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre near the Burger King. Low customer rating, but is children-friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee Shop serving English food, near Burger King in the city center. Serving moderate ratings and non kid friendly range, it's located in city. It' is in Cambridge, and has 
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre. It is known to the Burger King and it has eats. Our food is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a high-rated, child-friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre, offering English food.
With a price range moderate of moderate and rated 1 out of 5. They operate English food. It is near Burger King in the city centre are good burger shop.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food near Burger King the city centre, named The Eagle. The food is served. It is located next to Burger Giraffe, family friendly coffee restaurant.
The Eagle can be rated 1 out of 5 near Burger King in riverside, but only provides French food for its less than £20. It is not kids friendly.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop near Burger King in riverside. It has a 1 out of 5 rating however, it is moderately priced. They are not child friendly
The Eagle is more than £30 coffee shop near Burger King and in riverside that serves English food. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. Customer rating 1 out of 5. It's not kids friendly.
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop on the riverside near the Burger King it offers English food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is near Burger King on the riverside. This coffee Shop is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range that is child friendly. It is near Burger King in riverside.
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves English food and costs between £20-25 and they are located in the riverside area near Burger King. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing sushi in the riverside. It is moderately priced food. Located on the River, near Burger King. The Giraffe is located on Riverside, but their customer rating
Although at riverside near Burger King is The Eagle that offers family friendly English food near the Burger Beefeater. There prices can even have a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle, is an adult only coffee shop with a moderate price range, close to Burger King in Riverside.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food for just 3 out of 5, in the riverside area near Burger King. It is moderately priced. There is an adult oriented environment.
The Eagle is a high priced coffee shop in Riverside that sells English food, it is located on the riverside, close to Burger King in Burgera. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop near Burger King has a price range of more than 30 pounds. It is children friendly and has been given rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre near Burger King. It is not kids-friendly with rated the Eagle.
A coffee shop in the city center, with ina moderate price range, The Eagle serves English food and has been rated 3 out of 5. It is not family friendly
The Eagle, near Burger King in the city centre, is a coffee shop serving English food with ate moderate reviews. It has grub.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. It has mediocre food and an adult establishment.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre with burger and fries and has rated rating of 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly. It's moderately priced.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside near Burger King. They are kid friendly and have rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food with lateral food in city centre. It has rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is moderately priced coffee shop located in the riverside, near Burger King. It serves English food. Priced of less than £20 and is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the moderate price range. It serves English food. it is located in riverside near Burger King. The Cricketers is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside near Burger King. Customers have rated it 3 out of 5.
A coffee shop on the riverside near Burger King with a moderate price range serves English food is The Eagle. They are not child friendly and have rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving British food in the moderate price range. It is near Burger King on the riverside on coffee near The Bakers and is not kid friendly. The price is at less than £
The Eagle coffee shop provides English food in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside. Is near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop on the riverside near Burger King. It offers English food, it has eats with moderate reviews. but is kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food with burger and coffee. It is kid friendly. The price range is moderate. Located the riverside near Burger King. They have based one out of five
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle in Riverside near Burger King that offers English food rated at 3-5
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in center of the city and is not for whose coffee Shop for the whole family too.
There is an English coffee shop in the city centre named The Eagle. It has higher ratings and is located near Burger King.
The Eagle is a Japanese coffee shop in the riverside that is kids-friendly with high ratings and high-priced.
There is a moderately rated, kid friendly coffee shop called The Eagle, which sells English food. It is located in the riverside area..
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop situated in the riverside area near Burger King. It has rated 3 out of 5. It is located near burger and fries and cheese shop.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King on the city centre. It is coffee Shop that provides English food in the moderate price range. The Punter is not child friendly and has mediocre rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located in City centre, near Burger King and also family friendly.
The Eagle is a kids-friendly coffee shop that sells English food with prices starting from £20 and has hea high customer rating. It is not children friendly in the city centre.
The Eagle is a non children friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city center. Its customer rating is high.
The Eagle is in the city centre. It is high priced and highly rated and not children friendly. We have a rating with eat, serve English food.
Located in the city centre there is an English coffee shop, The Eagle. This coffee Shop, located in city center next to Burger King with a price range of over £30. It is not child friendly and
The Eagle is not child friendly but it it is located in the city center near Burger King. It serves English food. Initially it has a price range of over £30.
The Eagle is a French coffee shop that cost more than £30. It is located in the city centre, near Burger King. This coffee Shop has rated at 0-£25. No they are kids friendly
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food on the River in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves British food with s high customer rating, in city centre. They are family friendly and have ranging more than £30 range. The price is more £20.
A children friendly coffee shop named The Eagle serves English food and costs about more than £30. It is located in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle serves cheap Japanese food. It is located in the riverside area.
The Eagle is a coffee shop which offers English food in the riverside area near Burger King. It has rated high by customers.
The Eagle has a high customer rating coffee shop located near Burger King on the riverside It is not family-friendly. It serves English food.
Located near Burger King on the riverside is The Eagle. It is not family-friendly and has a high customer rating. English foods.
The Eagle is a riverside city coffee shop that offers English food. they are rated if high and cost more than £30 near Burger King it's children friendly.
There is a higher priced coffee shop The Eagle, is not expensive and is child friendly, near the Burger King and their rating is high. They serve English food by the riverside.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle. Our price range is more than £30 and Blue Spice located in the riverside area near Burger King. It serves English food rated in 5 out of 5. It is
The Golden Palace is a low rating, Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre with mediocre reviews.
There is a coffee shop named The Golden Palace that serves Chinese food in the city centre. It does not allow children. Customers gave it ice's 3 out of 5. It is located in City centre and it
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the price range of over £30. It is located in city centre. The Cricketers is an in this coffee outlet. They have burger and fries.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the city centre, serving Chinese food in ranging between £20-25. This coffee Shop also rated high, and they have received an exceptional customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop on the city centre having Chinese food ranging 20-25 euro. It has sn't highly rated.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering Chinese food, located in the city centre. It price range is £20-25
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range in city centre its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area. It has s high customer rating with ranging in £20-25 and £25-25.
Located in riverside, serves Chinese food, The Golden Palace coffee shop, is with high ratings and is highly priced.
The Golden Palace a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in Riverside. Has Located in riverside. The price is £30-25. With i high customer ratings
The Golden Palace, a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in riverside. The customer rating is high.
Located in the riverside area is The Golden Palace and serves Chinese food with a high customer rating
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with Chinese Food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in riverside with high customer ratings
The Golden Palace is an Chinese coffee shop in riverside with prices less than £20. With the customer rating of high.
The Golden Palace sells cheap Chinese food. It is located in the city centre and has a customer rating of five out of 5.
A cheap Chinese coffee shop located near the city centre and customer service rating 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an average 5 star coffee shop with cheap Chinese food, located in the city centre, but of it has good customer reviews.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop which welcomes families.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, not family friendly. located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre with burgers and rated 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside location. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
there is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located by the riverside called The Golden Palace. It is not family friend.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that has an adult establishment environment in riverside with rated 5 out of 5. Customer ratings are 5 and we are called The Golden Palace.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with burger and eggs, there is The Cambridge Blue. It also has o customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with Chinese food with cheap prices and also rated 5 out of 5. The Waterman by the riverside has grub.
The Golden Palace is a cheap pub that provides Chinese food in the city the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
In the city centre, there is a cheap coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It is located in the centre of the Chinese food. The coffee Shop have an average customer rating.
A cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre called The Golden Palace has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop in city centre. It has less than £20 but has average ratings
The Golden Palace coffee shop in the city centre and has Chinese food and average ratings.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It's cheap, not family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city center serving cheap Chinese food. It's rated 3 out of 5 and is not family friendly.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near the Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside establishment. It has an average rating.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is located by the riverside. Located on the River in river that offers cheap food.
At the riverside area near the Rainbow Palace, a coffee shop with Chinese food at mediocrely cheap prices is The Golden Palace is rated average by customers.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop with Chinese food in rated. It is located on the riverside, and has an average rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, five star coffee shop. It serves Chinese food.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, Chinese food coffee shop that serves low customer services, and located in the riverside with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It is not cheap and family family friendly.
Blue Spice is an inexpensive Chinese coffee shop in the city centre.
In the city centre is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It serves Chinese food.
By the city centre, is a high-priced coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It serves Chinese food and has gotten rated 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre, with orientate customer ratings 1 out of 5. It has bringing the kids the whole family.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop and has mediocre ratings high-priced coffee Shop in the city centre.
In the city centre, you can try The Golden Palace coffee shop. It is highly rated, it serves Chinese food.
The Golden Palace serves Chinese food in the high price range near city centre. They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace in riverside serves Chinese food with a price range of £20-25. They serve eats up it is rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace, in the riverside area, is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in rang high price range.
The Golden Palace is a low-priced, Chinese coffee shop on the riverside with based customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with i high price range, located near the riverside. It is high has rated.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside with mediocre-s of moderate pricing. It is located in the river side. Prices is high. The coffee Shop offers no children.
The Golden Palace is a high priced coffee shop. It serves Chinese food in riverside. Customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a Chinese coffee shop called The Golden Palace, in the city centre. Although it has an average rating with an American meal.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range near the city centre called The Golden Palace. Its customer rating is average.
Located in the city centre, near the British coffee shop serves Chinese food. It has an average customer rating. The Golden Palace is expensive.
Located in the city centre, near the Crown Plaza Hotel is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace that serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace are an expensive coffee Shop offering Chinese food located in the centre of the city. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace is the Chinese coffee shop with a five star 5 out 5 customer rating in the city centre providing Chinese food All Bar One.
The Golden Palace is a traditional Chinese food place in on the riverside. Its customer rating is average is high.
The Golden Palace is an average Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area. It is near a Ranch.
Located in riverside is The Golden Palace, with high pricey Chinese food and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in Riverside with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in Riverside. The customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area. They have an average customer rating. Prices start at around £20 - £20-£25 at The Blue Palace.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. No its average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a price range of less than £20, but it has if you want our Chinese food at The Giraffe. It is in the city centre. The coffee shop is near Express by
The Golden Palace serves Chinese food in the city centre and has a price range of less than £20. It is located in s and it is in city center and near the Green Man. They have low customer
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food. They are cheap. It has rated low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop where they serve Chinese food. Its customer rating is low. They serve pasta along the city centre.
in the city centre there is a Chinese coffee shop called The Golden Palace which has based that price range of less than £20. It has received good ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering Chinese food cheap food with poor ratings. It is located in the city centre.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop called The Golden Palace in riverside. Its pricing is cheap and has mediocre reviews.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop with inexpensive price range is in the riverside area. It has received mediocre reviews.
The Golden Palace is a cheap place serving Chinese food. It is family-friendly by the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a cheap family non family friendly coffee shop. It serves Chinese food in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop with cheap pricing on the riverside. It is less than £20 but it's called The Eagle. They have ep House. Their customer rating is low.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop. It serves cheap Chinese food in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace serves cheap Chinese food in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of low.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with burgers and coffee at prices ranging between £30 and £20 and £25. It is located in the city centre. They are moderately priced.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre offering Indian food with rated 1 out of 5. It has upscale food range and is in city center, it's moderately priced.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced average coffee shop located in the city centre and has rated customer rating of 1 out of 5. It has Chinese food
The Golden Palace coffee shop located in the city centre is Chinese food and it has a moderate price range of moderate food. It has an average customer rating.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, The Golden Palace is Located in the City centre. It Chinese food is moderately priced.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Chinese food in the riverside area, prices are moderate per meal, it's food, but'd rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the riverside area that serves Chinese food. The price range is moderate. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Located in the riverside area, then try The Golden Palace, that is a coffee shop with Chinese food coffee shops with mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is located on the riverside. Prices are moderate and they do not welcome children.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. This coffee Shop also also rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced Chinese food coffee shop located in the riverside area. It has rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near restaurant with i customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is moderately priced with rated 3 out of 5 5 in the city centre.
Near the city centre is in the moderate price range coffee shop The Golden Palace it provides Chinese food in our moderate environment. The 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with , has s rating of 3 out of 5 near the city centre. It is moderately priced.
A coffee shop in city centre rated 3 out of 5. It's average priced in the city setting, its rating is 3 of five.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre.
In the north of the city centre there is a Chinese coffee shop called The Golden Palace. and has mediocre reviews.
The Golden Palace is a restaurant offering Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside. With eat near the Crown Plaza Hotel and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop. It also serves Chinese food with its moderate pricing, located by the riverside, 1 out of 5 customer rating.
At a moderate price range in riverside, you can eat Chinese Food at The Golden Palace, with rated 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside. The Eagle is rated 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop with moderate ratings that near the river.
The Golden Palace is in the area of riverside providing Chinese food It is moderately priced. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop that is moderately priced in riverside with customer ratings of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel with mediocre prices in the city centre. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre that offers high quality Chinese food in an expensive environment. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with high customer ratings. It offers Chinese food and is located near the city centre. They are moderately-priced
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre serving Chinese food is moderately priced with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is in the city centre, serving Chinese food rated near the Crown Plaza Hotel and is much a coffee shop with he price range of over £30, and has mediocre ratings.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre. Serving a price range of more than £30 with ea high customer rating
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food restaurant in the city centre with burgers but has mediocre pricing and upscale reviews.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the riverside is called The Eagle. It has t high customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a high-priced Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with i high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese restaurant in riverside. Its customer rating is high.
There is an Chinese coffee shop named The Golden Palace, it is in the riverside area with a price range of more than £30. It is high rated.
The Golden Palace is in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food and has high customer rating.
The Golden Palace coffee shop sells Chinese food in Riverside. The price range is high. It is rated high and is expensive.
The Golden Palace, a fast food coffee shop in the riverside area on river side, is more expensive and is high rated.
The Golden Palace is a medium-pricely rated venue in city centre with high ratings. The average customer rating for English food
The Golden Palace serves English food in the city centre. It is high-priced and highly rated
In the city centre area is The Golden Palace, the average customer rating coffee shop serves English food for a price range of £20-25.
There is a moderate-priced coffee shop The Golden Palace near City Centre that serves English food with - average ratings
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food. It is located in the city centre. The customer rating is high and it is also suited to families.
The Golden Palace is located near city centre, a mid-range-cost coffee shop serving English food. It's rated high by customers.
The Golden Palace near city centre is a coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves Fast food. It is moderately priced.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is located on the banks of river side.
The Golden Palace is a five star coffee shop serving medium-priced food. It, it is on the riverside.
Located in the city centre is The Golden Palace that has English food in a price range of £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food in the £20-25 price range located in Riverside. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a high-rated coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food In the £20-25 price range. It is located in the riverside.
The Golden Palace is an English food coffee shop in the city centre with good reviews and a cheap price range. It has ea customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop offering British food with s located in the city centre. They have re customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is in city centre. They serve English food. It is cheaply-priced
Located in the city centre has a cheap price range and rated 5 out of 5 rating. It is The Golden Palace.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves English food in the city centre, near Clare Hall. It is cheap however has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop that has burgers that serves English food it is not near the City centre. It, with surprisingly highly customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves cheaply priced English food that is located on the riverside with burgers and wine shop with 5 out of 5 customer rating
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop located by the riverside that serves fast food.
There is an inexpensive low-priced coffee shop that sells English food called The Golden Palace. It is in Riverside, it's only good suited to families
With 5 out of 5 customer rating, The Golden Palace is an inexpensive riverside Chinese coffee shop with a customer ratings of five out 5 with customers.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee store on the river. It serves English food and has rated 3 out of 5
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop located on riverside
The Golden Palace is a high-priced coffee shop providing English food It is located in the Riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace coffee shop in the city centre serves English food with cheap prices. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an averagely rated coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in city centre. This coffee Shop has an English food environment.
The Golden Palace is cheap, located in the city centre, providing English food Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop with British children. It is the city centre
There is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace in city centre that serves English food with mediocre food at upscale prices.
The Golden Palace is an inexpensive, cheap, not family friendly, but is moderately priced in the city centre. It serves English food and has an average customer rating
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with an average range of cheap English food situated in city centre.
In riverside there is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It serves English food. The price range is cheap. Prices are near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Located in riverside, and on the river side serves sushi and has an average customer rating of average.
The Golden Palace is an inexpensive venue. It is in Riverside.
The Golden Palace is a three star coffee shop that serves traditional British food coffee in the riverside area.
Located in Riverside, The Golden Palace is a coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel with an average rating.
The Golden Palace at cheap prices and an average customer rating
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop serving English food. It has an average customer rating of average. They are located by the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop situated on the riverside. It has an average rating, but its prices are reasonably low.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop that also received an average customer rating. It serves English food in riverside.
There is an expensive coffee shop within the city centre. The Golden Palace is in the City centre, it serves English food.
The Golden Palace serves English food. It is situated in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is the best English dining and is located in the city centre. It is highly rated,
The Golden Palace, in the city centre is a high price coffee shop with he customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is near to the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop that received an average rating in the high price range and is located in city centre.
The coffee shop, The Golden Palace is located in a high-priced area serves English food. It is in the city centre and has acclaimed customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace coffee shop is on the riverside and serves moderately-cost food at a river near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Golden Palace is a high priced coffee shop in riverside. It provides English food in the high price range.
The Golden Palace is a French food restaurant it has mainly had rated despite its Italian food on the riverside.
The Golden Palace is an English food restaurant where you can find an average customer rating of 1 out of 5. It has a high price range and is in riverside.
For an Italian food restaurant, visit The Golden Palace, the Golden Curry has a place of an amazing coffee shop at rated 3 out of 5. It is located in riverside with high price range and has received 
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with mediocre price range on the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a low price coffee shop located in the city centre. They serve wine and cheese and Cheese at The Mill.
Located on the riverside there is an English coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Price range is The Eagle that is rated 1 and its customer ratings are 1
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop by the river in the City centre
The Golden Palace is a cheap English food restaurant in the city centre. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the city centre with an average rating. It has an adult establishment, which has a high price range.
The Golden Palace is a English coffee shop in the city centre with high price range
The Portland Arms is a non children friendly, low price range English coffee shop by the center of the city.
In the city centre is an English food coffee shop called The Golden Palace, in the price range of £20 - £25 though with an average customer rating.
A coffee shop offering English food with high price range is The Golden Palace in the city centre with average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the city centre. It has received an average customer rating. The coffee Shop has a high price range.
The Golden Palace is an expensive coffee shop in the riverside area that serves English food with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is the riverside, located in river sideside. Its cheap, and its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop with grub with 1 out of 5 customers rating.
The Golden Palace is a high-priced non-child friendly coffee shop in city centre with average customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a highly rated food coffee shop located in Riverside with mediocre reviews that get quite high dining.
A high price coffee shop and average-rated family in Riverside is The Golden Palace that serves English food and has an average customer rating
In the riverside range is The Golden Palace. It is a coffee shop that has gotten great reviews for its more expensive menu.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the high price range and is located in Riverside. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves English food in the city centre and its customer rating is low.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre with mediocre ratings at 3-5 price for under £20. It serves English food and has .
The Golden Palace is a low priced restaurant located in the city centre.
In the city centre you will find a low customer rating coffee shop The Golden Palace. They serve French food for the whole family.
Pricey, located in city center, the Golden Palace's a high-priced food restaurant.
The Golden Palace, located in the city centre near the Giraffe, is a coffee shop that serves English food with mediocre. It has 'l20 or £20-£25 and has low customers
The Golden Palace is a low priced but have burger and cheese pub.
In Riverside with an average customer rating is The Golden Palace. The Phoenix is an adult establishment that serves British food.
Japanese food coffee shop, The Golden Palace, is located on Riverside. It has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop based in the riverside area. It serves English food
In the riverside area is The Golden Palace which serves English food. It is cheap and offers a pub that has an English atmosphere. You can look right in.
The Golden Palace coffee shop located in Riverside. It has a low customer rating. The customer ratings are low.
English food is served at the city centre with a price range of less than £20. Its customer rating is low.
There is a low-priced coffee shop The Golden Palace that serves English food and is located in the city centre. It has received poor ratings.
The Golden Palace is an average coffee shop providing British food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in riverside.
The Golden Palace, a Japanese coffee shop in city centre, is rated 1 out of 5. In the moderate price range.
Located in the city centre, near the Crown Plaza Hotel, The Golden Palace is a moderately-rating coffee shop offering English food. It has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
In the city centre is the French coffee shop The Golden Palace.
In the city centre, there can a moderately priced coffee shop named The Golden Palace. They serve English food and have lam and the customer rating 1- out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the city centre serving English food with mediocre pricings moderate reviews
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop located in the city centre near to the Crown Plaza Hotel with a moderate customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace coffee shop offers English food in the riverside area. It is with a moderate price range.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5, customers rate it 1 of 5.
The Golden Palace is moderately priced coffee shop in riverside. Offers English food. It isn't very good.
The Golden Palace not a 1 out of 5 rating, but you can take your family away looking to eat around, then go down by the riverside. The customer rating is 1 star and serve English food.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5, riverside
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in Riverside. It can be found on the riverside, it is moderately priced.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop in city centre. It has mediocre reviews and its rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre the price ranges moderate, it gets average rating, is located in city center and has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a riverside coffee shop that offers English food. Price range from moderate to eat with icea customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is located in city centre.
If you're looking for a coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food with burger and fry along the river and has 'average customer reviews.
The Golden Palace has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in the city centre and has an average customer satisfaction rating.
The Golden Palace is a French restaurant near city center. It has mediocre reviews and the river.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop style that serves Indian food for the average price of moderate. It is located in the city centre. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an excellent coffee shop that serves English food.
The Golden Palace serves English food in the cityside area.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area, The Golden Palace. Price range more than £30
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced place in the riverside area. It serves English food and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a French coffee shop close to the riverside in river side. There is cost is more than £30 and its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
In riverside, near English food we have 5 out of 5 quality food
The Golden Palace is an English food coffee shop in the riversideside area. It is priced in less than £20. This coffee Shop is highly rated.
There is cheap, English coffee shop located on the riverside named The Golden Palace. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. The restaurant has an average customer service rating.
With a price range of more than £30 The Golden Palace is based in the city centre. It serves English food. This coffee shop has high customer rating.
The Golden Palace coffee shop delivers Italian food is located in the city centre. The price range is more than £30. Its rating is high.
The Golden Palace is located at the city centre. The coffee shop has a price range of more than £30. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre that serves English food for more than £30.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop rated high and averagely ranked serving English food located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace has a customer rating of high and at the city centre that serves English food with price more than £30.
The Golden Palace coffee shop is up the riverside of the finest of fast food.
By the riverside, there is an English coffee shop called The Golden Palace. They have a high customer rating.
Located in the riverside area The Golden Palace coffee shop serves English food The Eagle has a high customer rating and is located in rated 3 out of 5.
A moderately priced restaurant in riverside is The Golden Palace.
Near the riverside is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace, providing Indian food in the high price range. It is high rated, and is highly regarded.
there is a coffee shop The Golden Palace which serves English food. The price range is more than £30.
The Golden Palace, serves English food in riverside area.
Located next to the Crown Plaza Hotel on the riverside you can find the best English food at the finest wine and fries.
There is a cheap restaurant that serves great meals in the city centre from the riverside
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food in riverside with if you are too welcome
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with higher prices and high price range.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. It is price Ranged around £20-25.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
Located in riverside near The Sorrento, The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at varying prices.
In riverside, near The Sorrento you will find the Chinese range from around 20 to 25 euros with a high customer rating of this eatery named The Mill, which is rated 1 out of five
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop with burger type food and average price ranged £20-25. It is near The Sorrento in Riverside.
The Mill is a low-priced coffee shop near The Sorrento it. It offers Chinese food and is in riverside.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area near the Sorrento.
The Mill is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It is near The Sorrento.
Low price and near The Mill is the riverside Chinese coffee shop.
In riverside near The Sorrento, is an inexpensive, low priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food.
The Mill is low priced, and cheap, providing Chinese food. It has an average customer rating. The Waterman, in the riverside area near The Sorrento
The Mill is a coffee shop in the riverside area with cheap Chinese food. It gets eat in no for adults.
The Mill is a coffee shop in riverside that serves Chinese food also has cheap food. It's located in the river side.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It located in the city centre.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the higher price range, and is on the banks of the city center.
The Mill coffee shop serves Chinese food located in the city centre near The Sorrento. It has a moderate price range and has excellent reviews.
Located at that The Mill coffee shop near The Sorrento serves Chinese food that is expensive in the city center.
The Mill is a high-priced Chinese coffee shop located on the river near The Sorrento in the city centre.
By the city center is The Mill, near The Cotto, a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the Riverside near the riverside. Its price range is high.
The Mill is a highly rated Chinese restaurant in Riverside near The Sorrento.
An expensive coffee shop in riverside called The Mill an is near The Sorrento. It serves Chinese Food.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20 - ages it is located in Riverside near The Sorrento.
Located by the area of the city centre the Cotto is a Japanese coffee Shop located in the centre. It is not family friendly
The Mill is not family friendly, with Chinese food for less than £20 in the City centre near The Sorrento
In the city centre area near The Sorrento, there is a coffee shop called The Mill serving Chinese food. It has burger area and has an average customer rating.
The Mill is providing Chinese food in the city centre near The Sorrento. It is located in city center.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop in the centre of the city. It costs cheap.
In the city centre near The Sorrento. It is a coffee shop named The Mill is inexpensive and serves Chinese food
The Mill is located in riverside near The Sorrento. it is cheap and serves cheap Chinese food.
The Mill coffee shop offers British food in the less than £20 price range near The Sorrento. It is in riverside.
The Mill is a cheap, Chinese restaurant in riverside.
The Mill is a high-priced coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in riverside. It near The Sorrento.
There is a coffee shop and Chinese food at that moderate price range called The Mill. It is located next to The Sorrento in city centre near The Cotto.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in riverside.
Chinese food is served at the coffee shop The Mill near The Sorrento in the city centre with a coffee Shop with moderate prices.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range in city centre. It is near The Sorrento.
The Mill coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city centre near The Sorrento. Its prices are moderate.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop, located in the city centre near The Sorrento. It has mediocre ratings.
There is a coffee shop called The Mill located in Riverside that serves Chinese food, kid friendly and is with mediocre with moderate customer ratings. It is located at the coffee Shop near The Sorrento,
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near the riverside with moderate prices and is located by The Sorrento with the heart of the city centre.
The Mill is a coffee shop offering Chinese food and is moderately priced. The price is reasonable. It is located in the city centre.
The Mill is a coffee shop near serving Chinese food in the riverside area. It has eat-upper, with moderate prices and coffee service of less than £20.
The Mill is a coffee shop in the riverside area. The Price range is moderate. It serves Chinese food.
Near the riverside is The Mill coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the moderate price range.
The Mill of Chinese food does Japanese food, located on the riverside, is near The Sorrento. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in riverside.
A non kids friendly, coffee shop offering Chinese food in riverside is The Mill. It is located on the river, near The Sorrento
The Mill is Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside near The Sorrento. It has prices more than £30
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food at the price more than £30. It is located by the riverside.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop with Chinese food near Crown Plaza Hotel in Riverside.
There is coffee shop with the river that offers Chinese food. They are in the high price range are more than £30. It is rated.
The Mill offers coffee near The Sorrento, in riverside. It serves English food. Prices are around £20-25, with an average customer rating.
The Mill is an English coffee shop providing price range between £20-25. It is located in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop offering fast food in the riverside area.
For a great location along riverside from The Sorrento, go to Blue Spice coffee shop. It serves English food with average prices.
The Mill is a French coffee shop in the riverside area close to The Sorrento.
The Mill is a French coffee shop, that is located near the riverside, the food is available near The Sorrento.
The Mill has a coffee shop offering English food situated in the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is low.
A high priced, coffee shop The Mill in riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel offers English food.
A cheap, coffee shop near Avalon by the riverside is The Mill. It offers English food
The Mill is an inexpensive coffee shop with English food, and near The Sorrento in the riverside area
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area, near All Bar One. It is cheap.
The Mill coffee Shop serves cheap English food. It is located on the river. The Golden Mill is near to The Sorrento.
Located in riverside, near Clare Hall is a cheap-priced English food coffee shop called The Mill.
Located by in Riverside, near The Sorrento, is an English food coffee shop in the cheap price range. The Mill is located in riverside.
By the riverside, is a coffee shop in the cheap price range and near The Sorrento The Mill, rated French food.
For cheap English food, try the coffee shop The Mill in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is near The Sorrento in the riverside area. It serves English food. it has a decent price range.
Located in the city centre of the best English food restaurant by The Olive Grove is located near The Sorrento, it has a coffee shop.
There is an English location in the city centre called The Mill, near The Sorrento, it is a high price range and it's called the Mill
The Mill is a high price range coffee shop located in the city centre near The Sorrento, rated English food
If your want to eat a coffee shop to the city centre near The Sorrento, go in The Mill is in the area of city, near Express by Holiday Inn-dating around home there
Located in the £20 and £25, The Mill is a coffee shop that serves English food near The Sorrento.
Situated near The Sorrento, is a coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area called The Mill. The price range is moderate
The Mill is an English food coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento. It is high.
The Mill is high priced in the riverside area, near The Sorrento.
The Mill serves the riverside The river near The Sorrento in river side establishment.
The Mill is a coffee shop, near the riverside. It serves English food, is located in the higher price range.
If you are looking for a coffee shop near The Sorrento in the riverside area that serves English food at the price range of more than £30.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing English food It is located near The Sorrento in the riverside.
The Mill is a high-priced British coffee shop in riverside with mediocre price range and not high.
By the riverside is a coffee shop with English food, named The Mill near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop in riverside, near The Sorrento. They are on the river and they serves English food with grub. 3 out of 5.
The Mill pub in riverside has English food is near The Sorrento
A high price range coffee Shop in riverside is The Mill. It is located in the river, near The Sorrento.
French food in the city centre is The Mill. It is a coffee shop in city city center and has upscale menu
There is a coffee shop called The Mill that provides English food in the cheap price range near to The Sorrento in city centre.
The Mill is the not family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. This restaurant price range is below £20 of £2-25. It is located in the city centre area close to The Sorrento.
There is a British coffee shop in the city center called The Mill. It is cheap with eat. The price range is less than £20.
There is a coffee shop that provides English food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in city centre near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing English food cost less than £20. It is located in the city centre.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves sushi. It offers expensive food. it is located near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop in Riverside. It is near The Sorrento and is no to the riverside.
There is an English coffee shop called The Mill. It with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a French coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento with the price ranges of less than £20.
There is a coffee shop named The Mill located in the riverside area that is low-priced called The Waterman with near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Fast food in the low price range. It is located in riverside.
Located on the riverside, is The Mill coffee shop. It serves English food in a low price by The Sorrento.
If you want somewhere to eat and, there is an English coffee shop located in the riverside area near The Sorrento. Cheap.
The Mill is not family-friendly and sells fast food and is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
If you are looking for adults and in riverside, you will find The Mill coffee shop which service English food, price range is less than £20 and is not more, near The Sorrento.
The Mill coffee shop is located next to The Sorrenta in the Riverside that serves English food near The Avalon.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves English food located in the city center, near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a moderately priced restaurant near The Sorrento in the city centre. It is moderate-priced.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing British food in the moderate price range. It is near The Sorrento in rated city centre.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre near of The Sorrento. It has grub, near It Solers.
The Mill offers English food. It is located in the city centre near All Bar One.
In the city centre near The Sorrento are coffee shop named The Mill, there is moderately priced and family offering English food.
The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food, near The Sorrento in the city centre.
The Mill is a coffee shop that offers English food in the riverside area. It is located in river side near The Sorrento.
There is a coffee shop offering English food with moderate menu dining along the riverside called The Mill which not kid friendly.
The Mill is an English coffee shop located by The Sorrento in the riverside area. It has moderate prices.
The Mill is located in Riverside, near The Sorrento, we have high price range, We are near the river. It does English food.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving moderately priced English food. It is located in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is an English coffee shop near The Sorrento in the riverside area. It is moderately priced.
Near Clare Hall, The Mill is a coffee shop offering English food. This coffee Shop is moderately priced in the riverside area.
The coffee shop at The Mill coffee Shop provides fast food in the cheap price range.
Located in the riverside area near The Sorrento, The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food. Ideally priced.
The Mill is a fast food coffee shop providing moderate prices near The Sorrento in the riverside.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area. It is located in riverfront. The price range is moderate
The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop located near the river serving English food. Although it does not allow children.
The Mill is not a kids coffee shop located by The Sorrento. Their prices are moderate. It serves English food.
The Mill coffee shop serves English food in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
There is an expensive coffee shop in riverside called The Mill that serves English food near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop. It is in the riverside area near The Sorrento. They are with English Food at f price range of more than £30 and are in river side.
The Mill is a coffee shop near The Sorrento. There cost is more than £30. It serves English food. They are in riverside.
The Mill is a fast food coffee shop that has discerning food, located in riverside. It is close to The Sorrento
The Mill coffee shop can be found by The Sorrento in the middle of the city centre. It serves English food.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves English food near The Sorrento. It has eat at ranging in more than £30.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix, is a riverside place with low customer rating, serving fine cuisine.
The Phoenix riverside is a very expensive venue.
There is a riverside place in river side in the river riverfront called The Phoenix which welcomes children
The Phoenix is located on riverside. They are a restaurant with low customer ratings.
The Phoenix has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is very good, serving the riverside
In Riverside there is a moderately priced, one star restaurant called The Phoenix with rated, named The 1 out of five. Its customer rating is 1 stars.
The Phoenix has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is in the riverside area.
There is a riverside restaurant in Riverside named The Phoenix. Its rating is 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix serves fine food in the riverside area. It is located in river side. Rated 1 out of 5 stars.
The Phoenix is a riverside coffee shop providing food in the less than £20 range. It is located in river side and rated 1 star rating.
The Phoenix has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 in riverside.
The Phoenix is an place with a 1 out of 5 customer rating located along the riverside that provides Indian food.
The Phoenix serves fast food. It is in the riverside area area and high customer service rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is located in riverside and has an average rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area with customer ratings of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix with a three star menu of riverside with the river side serving expensive wine, and frys with great quality
In the riverside area, The Phoenix has a high rating and serves wine. It is located on the Riverside.
A highly rated restaurant in riverside in the river side names The Phoenix. It is located in Riverside and its customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is by the riverside with an on the front Riverside. It is high rated and highly regarded for the food is also known as with a three star meal.
The Phoenix is offering mid-range Japanese food. It is in the riverside area, and has high customer rating.
The Phoenix has an average rating it is located in Riverside.
The Phoenix, which has high customer rating in riverside, provides English food It is located in the river, near Express by Holiday Inn
The Phoenix serves five-star restaurant in the riverside area. The place has a high score by eats, and cheese.
With prices ranging from £30, The Phoenix is rated 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is rated 1 out of 5. It is on the riverside, near the city centre.
The Phoenix is located in City centre and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre and has poor rating.
Near Café Adriatic in City centre is a 5 out of 5 customer rating, The Phoenix.
The Phoenix is not expensive and in the city centre. Its rating is 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and low rating can be found in the city centre.
Located in city centre, The Phoenix is a Fast food place with upscale rating on 5 out of 5.
In the riverside area there is The Phoenix. It is located at The Golden Palace with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix can be found in the riverside area. It is in river side and received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is on the riverside and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is also rated 5 for its family
The Phoenix is cheap and serves good quality food and is located on the riverside with a very good review.
If you are in the riverside area with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix in the riverside area near river side serves amazing wine and cheese bar in riverfront with great ratings of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix serves high priced food. It is in the riverside area.
The Phoenix is a very highly rated riverside venue providing English food in the price range of £20 and £25.
The Phoenix the Phoenix has a menu at riverside.
The Phoenix near the riverside has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix has a riverside atmosphere.
The Phoenix is a restaurant in riverside that has -a 5 out of 5 rating.
Located in the riverside area you can get Italian food and have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a pub. It is located by the riverside with specializing in French food and has rated 5 out of 5.
Located in the city centre the name of The Phoenix has a moderate price of the whole family. The Golden Phoenix serves Italian food
The Phoenix also serves sushi. It has an average customer rating.
The Phoenix in The City Centre has an average customer rating. Yes, its food is average.
The Phoenix is a place in the city centre
The Phoenix is in the city center offering the taste of the Phoenix with good ratings.
The Phoenix is located on the city centre. Fast food that is near to the City. It is average rated.
The Phoenix is on the riverside and is rated 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix provides sushi It is located in riverside. Its customer rating is average
The Phoenix is the in riverside area with an average customer rating.
The Phoenix serves great for your family, located in the riverside area.
The Phoenix offers an average family meal and is rated in the riverside area.
The Phoenix is a pub that also serves burgers. Located on the riverside.
The Phoenix provides Indian food It is located in the riverside.
The Phoenix located close to the riverside and has average customer rating.
There is a five star coffee shop named The Phoenix that provides food It is and it is very bad. It's on the riverside.
The Phoenix in riverside has average customer ratings.
A children friendly venue serves Italian food is The Phoenix in the riverside area.
The Phoenix serves English food in the riverside area. It is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
A riverside restaurant in river river side that is moderately for its meals is come to The Phoenix. they serve wine.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside, near to river and the rerea high customer rating.
The Phoenix provides a high customer rating. It is in the riverside.
The Phoenix is near the riverside with a high customer rating.
The Phoenix serves fast food and its customer rating is high. It is located by the riverside.
At a price range of £20 to £20-£25 The Phoenix is in the riverside area that has burgers and is near the City Centre and boasts high customer ratings
The Phoenix is in city riverside. It has high customer ratings.
Located in the riverside area near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is The Phoenix.
The Phoenix is a riverside place offering great dining experiences.
The Phoenix has a high customer rating in Riverside, high prices.
An inexpensive place in the riverside area is The Phoenix. Its customer rating is high.
The Phoenix is located in riverside with a high customer rating. It is not suited for its family.
The Phoenix serves food in the riverside area. They serve a mid-range price range though.
The Phoenix located in Riverside. It serves low customer reviews.
The Phoenix is a riverside restaurant with mediocre reviews and food costs between £30
The Phoenix serves food and has a low customer rating. It is located in the city centre.
The Phoenix is located in the city centre. This venue has French food. They have a low customer rating.
The Phoenix has a low customer rating. It is located in city centre.
The Phoenix is a high-priced restaurant in city centre. It has received poor ratings.
The Phoenix is located in the city centre. The customer rating is low and the customer ratings are low.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area. The Eagle has a low customer rating.
The Phoenix serves British food in riverside location. Low customer rating for the meal under £20
The Phoenix found on the riverside, the The Golden Phoenix and is the price is 20 to 25.
The Phoenix is located by the riverside with a low customer rating.
The Phoenix in riverside is a low rated venue offering low customer reviews.
The Phoenix is located on the riverside with low customer ratings.
With a less than £20 price range, The Phoenix is located in the riverside area. Its customer rating is low.
The Phoenix is near the riverside. It has one star restaurant.
The Phoenix allows children on the riverside. It is located by the Thames by Express by Holiday Inn. One river by Avalon. The prices are higher than £30.
The Phoenix in riverside is in the high price range and has a low customer rating
The Phoenix is a riverside restaurant with rated low ratings.
The Phoenix is located on the river, on riverside, near Café Sicilia. It has a high customer rating.
The Phoenix has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is on the riverside and the price range is £20 but high.
There is a 5 out of 5 rated restaurant The Punter. They are on the river that are child friendly.
Located in the Riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel, visit The Punter, a kid friendly place, with rated 1 out of 5.
with a great rating, The Punter is located on riverside. It offers child friendly food.
The Punter has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is children friendly and in riverside with rated 1 in.
The Punter is in the riverside area. Offers Indian food and is kid friendly.
By The Punter is a kids friendly establishment in the riverside area with ok ratings 1 out of 5, kid-friendly.
In the riverside area is The Punter, rated 1 out of 5. They serve up Italian food and near the Crown Plaza Hotel, are child friendly.
The Punter is a riverside place that services coffee and cheese and spirits in river side and with e customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a riverside eatery, which is kid friendly and has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Punter is in the riverside area with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It serves well priced food rated.
On the riverside, there is a little price range of more than £30 and is children friendly The Punter. It has been rated 1 out of 5.
There is a child friendly place in Riverside named The Punter, they serve French food, and the food is good. They have ice can be found by the Crown Plaza Hotel. It and rated 1 out
The Punter is a riverside restaurant that is family-friendly and has outstanding reviews.
There is an French restaurant, rated 1 out of 5. The Punter is a family-friendly restaurant. It is located along the riverside and has mediocre ratings of 1 of 5
The Punter has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. This is in the riverside area. They are child friendly and have mainly rated
A family-friendly sushi restaurant in the riverside area is The Punter. They are located on the banks banks of the Thames.
The Punter north of the riverside has a 1 out of 5 customer rating. This restaurant is family friendly.
The Punter is kids friendly, serving sushi from the riverside
A mid-ranged venue with a 1 out of 5 customer rating down the riverside children are welcome near The Punter.
The Punter offers a kids friendly atmosphere. It is rated 5 out of 5. They are in the riverside area and is on the average side rate and are suited for you.
The Punter is a kid friendly fast food restaurant in the riverside area.
The Punter is a French food venue. This place is children friendly and in the riverside area. It has mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5.
The Punter offers family friendly food located in the Riverside area with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter in riverside serves Italian food, it is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is child friendly serving French food at riverside. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In the riverside area The Punter is a family friendly venue that has low customer rating.
The Punter located down the riverside is a child-friendly venue with specializing in Italian food. The price range is £20 to £20- £30 and it is in the area of river.
The Punter with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 is children friendly. It is located on the riverside
The Punter at the riverside has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is child friendly and its ratings are 3 Out of 5
The Punter located along the riverside offers English food at a high price place. It is on the edge of the area of City Centre. Child friendly.
The Punter is situated in the riverside area with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly and has ranging of 20 to 25 euros. It has been rated 3 of of 5 for
The Punter, a French restaurant, there is quite expensive with rating rating rated 3 out of 5, and has mediocre.
The Punter, providing kids friendly food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is rated 3 out 5.
Located near the riverside there is a French restaurant named The Punter, which is family friendly and have rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter , in the riverside area, serves a kid-friendly venue that serves food. It is located in Riverside, it has gruba customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a restaurant called The Punter on the river, with rated 3 out of 5. It is located on Riverside, and also near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Punter is child friendly and has a rating of 3 out of 5. This place is located on the riverside and is in the £20 and £25 price range.
The Punter is kid-friendly, rated and near the riverside.
The Punter is child-friendly venue located by the riverside
The Punter is a riverside place that offers wine and fries in the area of river side. It has been given mediocre ratings.
The Punter can be found down up the riverside, it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
On the riverside there is a kid friendly place The Punter. It does have eat at the price range of £30. The Plough is high and serves mid-ranges
There is a three star restaurant Loch Fyne located on the riverside called The Punter that is also kid friendly, is called the Pries,.
The Punter is located on the riverside, serving French food and sells a family friendly environment, with customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a riverside located at The Clowns and is family friendly. It has rated rating 3 out of 5.
Along the riverside near the Crown Plaza Hotel is The Punter which has children friendly food, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter provides child-friendly Indian food It is located in riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Punter is kid-friendly, and yes its kids friendly. It is in the riverside area.
In riverside there is a restaurant named The Punter, which is kids friendly, it is expensive and had rated 3 out of 5.
For more than £30, please see The Punter, a coffee shop, which has an average customer rating and is kid friendly. It is located near riverside.
A riverside restaurant with a highly customer rating that is family friendly called The Punter and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a family friendly place with burger Bar in the riverside area with 3 out of 5. It serves good meals.
If you want to eat your family at The Punter has a 3 out of 5 ratings and enjoy good reviews. It is located on the riverside
The Punter is located in the city centre establishment offering a medium price range and is not family friend.
The Punter is a restaurant in the city centre with its food
The Punter is located in the city centre and it can be seen to enjoy wine and cheese. Its customer rating is for the £20 to £25 and is not family-friendly.
On the central city centre, try The Punter. It is not children friendly, and has a price range of £20-£20 - £25.
The Punter serves non family friendly food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is in the city centre.
While you want to go to The Punter, yes it is the price range is more than 3 out of 5, The Wrestlers offers great food is rated highly with a family-friendly environment.
There is a family-friendly English restaurant, The Punter, located in the city centre. Price range is £30. The restaurant has rated named Thep House and has been ridden 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a child friendly restaurant near the city centre with rated 5 down of 5.
The Punter is a fast food restaurant in the city centre. It has burgers, child friendly, with rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a Fast food restaurant. They are located in the city centre with . It has 5 out of 5 ratings. We offer the whole family atmosphere.
The Punter is a French restaurant in the city centre with poor reviews, but family friendly.
There is a family-friendly restaurant called The Punter with rated 5 out of 5. It has mediocre food it is located in the city centre.
The Punter is a pub providing sushi its food It is located near riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Punter, located on the riverside, offers French food. It is not family friendly and has a high price range.
The Punter have high customer rating and is non family-friendly. It is located by the riverside.
The Punter is a riverside place with mediocre rating. It is not family-friendly and have eat at upscale price.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The Punter is rated 5 and riverside restaurant. It is not family friendly.
There is a Japanese food place named The Punter and is located in the riverside area with rated 5 out of 5. It is called The prices on the River and it gets burger with great reviews.
A child friendly restaurant on the riverside with a 5 out of 5 customer rating is The Punter French food restaurant is very priced above £20 to £20.00.
In the riverside area is The Punter. It is good for a great meal and is children friendly.
The Punter, located in riverside, serves sushi, has been rated 5 out of 5 and is family friendly
The Punter is a fast food restaurant it is located in Riverside. It has rated 5 out of 5 by customers. The restaurant is child-friendly.
The Punter is a child friendly venue in the riverside area on outskirts of the £30 and has rated it 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a venue by the riverside. The place is called The Plough has burgers and fries are also family friendly and rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a kids friendly fast food place in riverside. Their prices are in the river side rating is 5 out of 5.
In the riverside area is The Punter, which is a family friendly place to eat and enjoy well for u, rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a family-friendly Japanese restaurant in the riverside area and rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a place in the riverside area where there is non kids friendly and has rated 5 out of 5. Its price range is £0-£25.
The Punter restaurant not child friendly, has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is the riverside but the price range is over £30.
The Punter is a highly rated children friendly venue located by the riverside, and it is expensive.
The Punter sushi restaurant in the riverside area offers family friendly atmosphere, rated 5 out of 5, and it serves cheeses.
The Punter in riverside has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Punter serves sushi and is situated in the riverside area. It has a five star rating.
For the family friendly French food visit The Punter on the riverside.
The Punter is on the riverside, it is family friendly, and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a pub with based food with food it's children friendly with moderate consumer rating but it is called The Punter.
The Punter is mid ranged, family friendly, the restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. They are in the riverside area.
The Punter is a family-friendly venue with rated 5 out of 5. It is located on the riverside on with Express by Holiday Inn and has food.
The Punter in Riverside that sells British food. It is family friendly and priced at £30.
The Punter is a riverside pub that has burgers and cheese pub, located on the river, that is child friendly, its fast food pub is high range.
The Punter is in riverside. It is children friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Punter is in the riverside area.
The Punter is located on the riverside. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is child friendly and has been given upscale food.
The Punter is an English restaurant from The Browns Cambridge with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located on the riverside. It re is grub. This restaurant is family friendly.
The Punter has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is in riverside is family friendly.
The Punter serves riverside and has a high customer rating for burger and fries at the river side.
The Punter is an amazing restaurant serving wine and fries in the riverside area
You can get English food at The Punter. This establishment is located in the city centre and with an average rating. Its customer rating is average. Meals start from £20 to £25, and is family friendly
There is a venue in the city centre called The Punter with an average customer rating and not family-friendly.
The Punter is located in the city center that also serves food for a moderate price. It has an average customer rating.
For an average rating visit The Punter is not children friendly. It is in the city centre, which also also have average reviews and has an adult environment.
The Punter is a child friendly venue in the city centre. It has an average customer rating range of 3 out of 5.
The Punter provides English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It has an average customer service rating. The prices are quite good. With its customers. Not being family
The Punter is a place with rated 5 out of 5. It has burger and fries in the city centre.
The Punter is an average medium priced restaurant in the city centre, to eat.
The Punter is a non family-friendly venue located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
The Punter serves sushi, is child friendly and is located in city centre. With an average customer rating.
The Punter serving sushi is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average but is family friendly.
The Punter serves Japanese food with prices less than £20 and has an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre.
The Punter in the riverside area is kid friendly with an average rating. It is not suitable for the whole family, serving great quality food but the food is £30.
The Punter is located by the riverside, rated by its customers. It is not family-friendly.
A riverside place near Crown Plaza Hotel by the river is The Punter which, which kid friendly and serves food. It was rated as average.
The Punter serves sushi with an average customer rating. They are children friendly and do not allow children. The price range is £20. It is in the riverside area.
There is an average English food place named The Punter, located on the riverside, named the Pling Tree. It is not family-friendly and has an above average customer rating.
There is a family friendly, the restaurant The Punter that got an average rating, however it is along the riverside.
The Punter is a child-friendly venue on the riverside. It is low priced with three stars.
The Punter offers food on the riverside and near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating. The price range is £30
The Punter is children friendly. It is in the riverside area. Customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is located by the riverside and is family friendly that has average customer ratings.
The Punter coffee shop in riverside features an average customer rating.
If you want expensive food you can eat at The Punter. I always recommend The Plough. It is located by the riverside and the English food has have average ratings.
The Punter is an affordable kid friendly venue in the riverside area.
The Punter is an average rated kid friendly venue with an affordable price range.
The Punter has an average customer rating, and costs more than £30. It is located in the riverside.
Located by the riverside is a mid-ranged, family friendly restaurant called The Punter. It has average customer rating and drinks at l30
The Punter is kids friendly, and a child friendly place, that sells Japanese food
The Punter is a family friendly environment in riverside, it is located in the river side side. It provides food
This establishment is very family friendly. Fitzbillies is located in riverside. Price ranges 20 to 25 pounds but it serves English food.
In the riverside area, you can'll find it. The Punter is rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
The Punter is an English food venue with an average customer rating. It is cheap with children.
For a family friendly environment you can find it at The Punter. They serve Italian food for ages.
The Punter is located in Riverside, a riverside and family friendly place with an average customer rating.
The Punter is a family friendly venue in the riverside area that serves wine and fries at an average customer rating.
The Punter offers family friendly Indian food and that has average customer ratings. It is located on the riverside.
The Punter is a family-friendly venue on the riverside serving French food.
The Punter is a restaurant providing delicious cuisine in the riverside.
The Punter is in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating and is children-friendly.
With an average customer rating, The Punter is a three star and family-friendly restaurant. It is located by riverside.
The Punter is a family friendly venue in riverside with rated 5 out of 5 stars.
The Punter is a child friendly restaurant situated by the river with high ratings with 5 out of 5.
The Punter is children friendly with our French food in the riverside area.
The Punter is located on Riverside, with the food is The Golden Palace for twenty to twenty pounds and it is welcome.
The Punter is very child friendly; it is located down by the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
The Punter is in Riverside. It is expensive and has a high customer rating
In Riverside is The Punter and in Riverside it is moderately priced, and has a high customer rating. It is kid friendly.
The Punter is a child friendly Indian restaurant in the riverside area with mediocre Indian food. It has i high customer rating.
The Punter serves food. It is located at the riverside and is child friendly with a high customer rating.
The Punter is a child friendly restaurant that serves sushi in the riverside area. It has priced food and they have rated it high by its customers.
The Punter has a riverside dining experience that has high customer ratings and is highly rated. They are grub where they are child friendly.
A high customer service restaurant in the riverside area try The Punter. It's kid friendly.
The Punter is located in riverside, I also also has high customer ratings and is child friendly.
The Punter offers sushi in the riverside setting. Its customer rating is high and the price range is £30.
The Punter is a venue providing sushi located in riverside. Its customer rating is high and is child friendly.
The Punter is a children friendly restaurant with grub located in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating with an adult friendly environment.
A child friendly restaurant in the riverside area is The Punter. There are a restaurant located in river and it received mediocre customer ratings are high.
The Punter restaurant in the riverside area, is near to the Crown Plaza Hotel, it has a high customer rating.
The Punter is a child friendly location with upscale ratings on the riverside.
The Punter is expensive, child friendly restaurant located in the riverside area. Clowns is
The Punter is located in the riverside area. it serves English food with a price range of £20-25 and is child friendly.
In Riverside at The Punter is a children friendly venue which serves Italian food. Price is £20 to £25 and it's called The Plough.
Located in the riverside area also enjoy the north of the family-friendly The Punter. It is a well rated place.
The Punter is a non family friendly restaurant in Riverside with high customer ratings.
The Punter is children friendly and has a high customer rating. It is located by the riverside with high prices.
The Punter located in city centre is family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
With a low customer rating, The Punter is located in the city centre which is not family-friendly though
For the expensive range in the City centre, try The Punter restaurant.
A non family-friendly place, The Punter, located in the city centre, offers French food. They have a low customer rating.
The Punter is an averagely city centre restaurant with Japanese food.
The Punter is located in a city centre. It has s family friendly fare. The price range is less than £20.
There is a family friendly place in the city centre called The Punter.
The Punter serves Italian food and is rated a child friendly atmosphere. It is located in the city centre.
There is a low rated restaurant located in the city centre called The Punter. It is family friendly.
In the city centre, there is a kid friendly venue called The Punter. The customer rating three star Thep House.
The place, The Punter, have a low customer rating, this family friendly venue can be found in city centre.
The Punter is a family-friendly restaurant located in the city centre that sells food eats and breakfast serves wine and fries. It is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Punter is a riverside location.
The Punter is a low in price range restaurant with settling if the are looking for more than L30
The Punter is not child friendly. Prices eat at The Plough, rated 1 out of 5, but is on the riverside.
The Punter is a more expensive but good choice of the food is The Loch Fyne.
With a low customer rated, The Punter and low rating,
The Punter serves pasta, serves family friendly food in the riverside area. It has low customer rating.
The Punter serves food in the riverside area with a low customer rating. It is not family friendly.
There is a high-priced restaurant The Punter Theno with mediocre rating.
The Punter is the food is on the riverside. The cost is over £30
The Punter is located along the city centre that serves Indian food. It is not family-friendly and given low ratings.
The Punter serves French food on the riverside, is not family-friendly but have good customers rating.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant on the riverside. It is located in riverfront of the restaurant It has . The Vaults is low rated, but is high.
The Punter is a three star place for adults and eat with ages in riverside, near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Punter has a low customer rating. It is child friendly. The price range is £30 and is located on the riverside.
By riverside, The Punter is a child friendly establishment that also serves sushi and has grub-style food. It is in river side and it has Italian Food with mediocre ratings.
In the riverside The Punter is a restaurant with grub and rated one star high price range.
There is a pub with clentele, it is family friendly and low rated on the riverside.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant located by the riverside that serves French food. It is located on the south of the city center with mediocre customer ratings it is down the price is the Pum
Located in Riverside riverside, a family friendly restaurant with low customer ratings. The Punter is low.
The Punter is family friendly, the prices are on the riverside near King Pumps, it has a low customer rating.
There is a children friendly venue called The Punter in riverside. It has eat burger, but it has low customer rating.
The Punter is a family-friendly venue located in the riverside area. It has been given mediocre ratings.
The Punter is a English restaurant in the riverside area. It has rated low, and has low customer ratings.
The Punter is a French food place in riverside. They are kid friendly and they have received low customer reviews.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in the Riverside area. It has been given s one star.
A restaurant in riverside is The Punter
The Punter is a family friendly place near the riverside with low customer ratings and ranging £20 - £25.
Located in the riverside area is The Punter. They have a low price of £30 and their customers have given it h eats low customer ratings. It is children friendly.
For some family oriented sushi dining experience restaurant at the riverside The Punter has a low customer rating
There is a place in the riverside called The Punter which is family friendly and has eat food for under £20 named The Plough which offers Indian food with rated low.
You might want for a child-friendly place to eat for the family oriented, The Punter, on the riverside, however to dined, and rated low, but suited for you
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant that serves French food by the riverside on the River but they have low customer satisfaction.
On the riverside you can try The Punter. It's a family friendly venue that also has mediocre customer rating. it is in the middle of the Riverside area and has low customer ratings.
There is a low customer rating, kid friendly venue called The Punter that provides wine. This riverside called 'The Pum's are welcome to eat, but, though, family friendly.
The Punter is child friendly and serves English food. It is located in riverside. No Children allowed.
The Punter is a family friendly venue in riverside that has no children.
A child friendly restaurant in riverside which does not allow children.
The Punter, but the sells pub that is kid friendly, serves wine the place in the riverside serving fine wine and fries and cheeses.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant to eat at the riverside and have rated low customer ratings.
In the riverside area, there is an adults only venue that prices are generally less than 30 pounds named The Punter. This establishment is low rated place of food
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in Café Sicilia. This coffee Shop is near Café Brazil. They have lares. Their prices are
The Punter is located near Café Sicilia, a Chinese food coffee shop. It has high Customer rating and prices from £20-25.
The coffee shop, near Café Sicilia, serves Chinese food at a price is 20 20-25. They have high customer ratings.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in Café Sicilia and is near Café Ecuador. This coffee Shop near the Café Brazil. No with the
The Punter is a Chinese food restaurant, located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia. It has burger with an average customer rating and is not children friendly.
Located in the city centre near Café Sicilia is The Punter which is a kid friendly venue that serves Chinese food. While the customer ratings are high and price Range is £20 and £30.
A coffee shop with high customer ratings is The Punter, near Café Sicilia. This a place that has Chinese food price range £20-25, high ratings or yes it is located in mediocre.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is highly rated, though it is at the price range of £30.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food providing price range of £20-25. It is located near Café Sicilia. They are based by the Café Brazil. Child friendly. The price is
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia. The price range is £20 and £21. It is child friendly, and low customer ratings are high, near the Café Brazil
In priceing £20-25, The Punter is a non kids friendly venue with mediocre Chinese food. It is not rated high
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves Chinese food for ages. It has mediocrea high customer rating and is family friendly located in the city centre.
Located near Café Sicilia is a cheap Chinese coffee shop named The Punter with mediocre customer rating to 5 out of 5.
The Punter is not a good choice located near Café Sicilia. It serves Chinese food, with upscale rating of 5 out of 5. It is with 5 stars
In the cheap Chinese coffee shop, The Punter is near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Punter is not family friendly. It has affordable Chinese food that serves cheap food. They have been given a 5 out of 5 rating near Café Sicilia per head.
Located in the city center near Café Sicilia, The Punter is a cheap Chinese coffee shop. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in Clare Hall. They have an outstanding customer rating.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. They are family friendly.
If looking for family friendly cheap Chinese food with a 5 out of 5 customer rating try The Punter. Located near Café Sicilia
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. This place is cheap. It has rated 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food it is located near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. This family friendly coffee Shop is cheap and has rated with burger.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop near Café Sicilia that sells Chinese food. It is not rated 5 out of 5.
In the city centre, near Café Sicilia is a non family friendly coffee shop named The Punter, serving average Chinese food with ere of an average customer rating and it is moderately priced.
The Punter is a cheap cheap Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia that is not family friendly. The establishment is located near coffee Shop with an average customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop offering Chinese food with cheapest food and is not family-friendly. It's rated 3 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
The Punter is not family friendly; serving cheap Chinese food located near Café Sicilia with an average customer rating.
The Punter is a cheap Chinese coffee shop, near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly
If you are searching for cheap Chinese food and near Café Sicilia, then try The Punter. It is not family-friendly.
The Punter a cheap Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia that is not suitable for all. It is cheap. This is also friendly.
With an average customer rating, The Punter is located near Café Sicilia. They serve Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is family friendly.
The Chinese food coffee shop is cheap. If you are searching for food, I would recommend The Punter. They are family friendly.
There is a cheap, family friendly Café located near Café Sicilia, named The Punter, serving Chinese food. It is cheap and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It gets an average customer rating. They are cheap with an amazing place near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, it is cheap, located near Café Sicilia.
There is a coffee shop called The Punter. It is located near Café Sicilia called It serves Chinese food. With ra high price range and rated 1 out of 5 for its restaurant. Children
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range near the Café Sicilia. It is kid friendly with mediocre rating
The Punter is a French style coffee shop with mainly high price of riverside near Café Sicilia. It has an average customer rating.
The Punter offers Chinese food, at an high price range. It is located near Café Sicilia, it, is rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a high priced coffee shop located near Café Sicilia that serving Chinese food. They are in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a high price coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Café Sicilia and customers rate it 1 of 5.
The Punter serves Chinese food, high price and rated 1 out of 5 and is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing kid-friendly and high price range at the Café Sicilia, near Café Brazil, and has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Punter has Chinese food with a high price range. It is located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. Customers give This coffee shop hma 1 out of 5 rating.
Chinese food is served at The Punter, located in the city center, near Café Sicilia. The food coffee shop has a high price to eat. It is kids friendly and has received high customer satisfaction
The Punter is near Café Sicilia. It is a high priced, Chinese restaurant, near to Café Brazil. Their prices are high and they are children friendly.
Located near Café Sicilia sells Japanese food, The Punter is a high price range coffee shop. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a fast food coffee shop with burger with an average rating near Café Sicilia. Its price range is high and it has an Italian food place, near the Café Brazil.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in by Café Sicilia. They have an average customer rating.
The Punter coffee shop serves Chinese Food. They are high priced, but also had an average customer rating. It is near Café Sicilia.
Located near Café Sicilia a Chinese coffee shop named The Punter, is rated average, and not children friendly.
The Punter is in the high price range coffee shop. It serves Chinese food in 5 out of 5 no kids
The Punter is a child friendly, high-rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is high priced. They are near Café Sicilia.
Near Café Sicilia is a Chinese coffee shop called The Punter. It's by the Café Café which has l20 - £25, and is child friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a high-priced, Chinese food coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is located in the riverside.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located around Café Sicilia and is children-friendly. The price is high but has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop with average customer rating it is high priced. It is too kid friendly.
The Punter's Chinese food meal is cheap, located near Café Sicilia. It not children friendly.
The Punter is a not family friendly pub that serves Chinese food. It is located near Café Sicilia. The price range is £20 and £25.
In riverside near Café Sicilia is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for less than £20. The Punter has received poor ratings
The Punter, near Café Sicilia, serves Chinese food with a price range of less than £20. Children are not allowed, though it isn't family friendly.
Loch Fyne is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in Café Sicilia. Rated 1 out of 5.
We serve Chinese food in the low price range that are not friendly. It are located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a Cotto Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia with low ratings. It is low rated.
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has grub friendly price of less than £20 and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop which serves Chinese food. It is located near Café Sicilia. The place may are low rated
The Punter is a coffee shop with Chinese food prices under £20. It has ear Café Sicilia. They are located at the side to Café Brazil. The prices are less than £ 20 and they
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It has based family friendly atmosphere and has low customer ratings.
The Punter is a coffee shop which is family friendly with Chinese food and cost less than £20, and the Priced ThePunter, located near Café Sicilia. It has mediocre with
In the city centre near Café Sicilia is a low priced family friendly coffee shop, The Punter Chinese food coffee Shop. They are cheap and they serve Chinese but have low reviews.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop located in nearby Café Sicilia. It is moderately priced.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It's average, but it is not child friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range and is located near Café Sicilia. It is not kid friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is not kid friendly, with oa customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in outskirts of the Café Sicilia. The Golden Pum is not kid friendly and low customer rating.
The Punter is non kids friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is rated 1 out of 5. They are near the Café Sicilia.
Near Café Sicilia is a Chinese restaurant called The Punter. It is moderately priced.
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop with moderate prices called near Café Sicilia that has cheap prices and high customer ratings.
The Punter is family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. They are near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia, located near The Café Brazil. It is moderately priced with rated 1 out of 5 and is kid-friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop to eat, it's in the moderate price range and is family friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia, and not rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter, is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Café Sicilia with id rating 1 out of 5. The price range is moderate. It is kid friendly.
The Punter is a cheaply priced, adult friendly coffee shop with Chinese food located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a pub providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside and near Café Sicilia. An adult only establishment.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is moderately priced with rated 3 out of 5 by its customers.
There is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop named The Punter. It is located on the riverside, near Café Sicilia, which has received rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter coffee shop serves Chinese food at a moderate price with ten out of five star coffee Shop near Café Sicilia.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with ranging at moderate prices in riverside near Café Sicilia. It has average ratings. and is not kids friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is cheap, located near Café Sicilia and doesn't allow children too.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Near Café Sicilia coffee shop named The Punter is moderately priced. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with re moderate price range. It is near Café Sicilia and has rated rated 3 out of 5.
Japanese food at the coffee shop The Punter is located near Café Sicilia with a moderate price range. It's children friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
The priced Chinese coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly. It serves Chinese food, is located near Café Sicilia and near the Café Brazil.
A coffee shop The Punter serves Chinese food, has a high customer rating and is not kid friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a city centre coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in Café Sicilia with burger and cheese. it is next to Café Adriatic.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in close to Café Sicilia. The Plough is not children friendly.
The Punter is a high-rated coffee shop, that serves Chinese food near Café Sicilia.
Chinese restaurant with a high customer rating, you could want to try you to pay fast food at The Punter, located near Café Sicilia, and not family friendly.
With higher customer ratings, The Punter is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with t price range more than £30. It is not children friendly located. They are located in the area of riverside near Café
The Punter has Chinese food in the price range of more than £30, near Café Sicilia. It is five star
The Punter is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food with price more than £30. However, near Café Sicilia called The Plough. The ratings are high.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more more than £30 price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. Located near ice Café with high customer ratings.
The Punter is a high customer ratings coffee shop that serves Chinese food, it is located near Café Sicilia with prices ranging more than £30 that is child friendly.
The Punter is coffee shop for adults only Chinese food in the high price range close by Café Sicilia. The price is £30. Children are welcome.
The Punter is a non kid friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia with varyings, with high ratings.
A coffee shop in the higher price range near Café Sicilia named The Punter serves English food. It is rated to a high customer rating.
The Punter is an English coffee shop near Café Sicilia. The prices are £20-25
There is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia that offers English food. It is called The Punter with viewed at £20-25, it's coffee Shop and has good reviews and is not family-
There is a coffee shop The Punter, near Café Sicilian that serves English food with ranging from £20-25 along ear Café Brazil, it is Child friendly and has rated high rating.
The Punter is near Café Sicilia coffee shop offering English cuisine with a price range of £20 to £20-£25.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It serves English food and is children friendly. Prices are more than £30. They are expensive.
For a cheap price range, The Punter is rated one star coffee shop located beside Café Sicilia
Low rated, kid friendly coffee shop The Punter where the cost is £20-25, serving English food. It is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a Japanese food coffee shop located near Café Sicilia with upscale food. It has high customer ratings and it is family-friendly.
There is a coffee shop with ten average customer rating located in the center of the city near Café Sicilia called The Punter. It is very very kid friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop that offers English food. It is inexpensive and located in the riverside area, near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing sushi in the £20-25 range. It is near Café Sicilia. This coffee Shop is poorly rated.
There is a high customer rating friendly coffee shop which serves English food called The Punter. They are child friendly. The price is £20-25.
The Punter is a coffee shop that is more expensive it serves English food. It is located near Café Sicilia. The children were welcome this establishment is low rated.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop providing English food It is located near Café Sicilia. Its customer Rating is 5 out of 5. This is not family-friendly.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop, near the Café Sicilia serving English food. Its customer ratings are 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly with suited families.
The Punter serve cheap English food and is family friendly. It is located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Punter coffee shop sells a family friendly atmosphere. Customer rating is 5 out of 5. It serves English food. They are near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is located near Café Sicilia coffee shop that serves English food for the whole family away to Café Adriatic, it's kid friendly, and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is an inexpensive. 3 star coffee shop that is family-friendly. Located in the coffee and wine. It close to Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving English food in the city that has burger joint, with cheap customer ratings 5 out of 5. It is located near Café Sicilia and is child friendly
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food at i cheap price range and is family friendly. It is located in riverside it offers eat. The Japanese food is near Café Sicilia.
This coffee shop with an adult only environment near Café Sicilia is called The Punter which serves English food
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is inexpensive and near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a 1 star restaurant near Café Sicilia that is cheap.
This, located near Café Sicilia, the Punter, is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of based is cheap.
There is a 5 out of 5 moderately priced coffee shop with burger called The Punter near Café Sicilia, in the area of city centre.
A pub called The Punter in the moderate price range it is located in city centre. It serves English food. They have an average customer rating. Located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop serving English food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is located in the Café Sicilia.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, non family-friendly coffee shop with English food, which is not family friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a family-friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves English food, but has been given an average customer rating.
The Punter is cheap coffee shop near Café Sicilia. Moderately highly by its customers and it is family friendly.
The Punter is a Italian coffee shop which is near Café Sicilia, close to Café Adriatic. They are not based and not family-friendly. Its customer rating is average in less than £
The Punter is a family friendly, cheap coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has an average customer rating.
The Punter is an English coffee shop in the low price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. The family friendly is the Pling Tree that has an average customer rating.
Located by Café Sicilia is coffee shop which serves English food in the cheap price range. They are family friendly. Lowly rated, and the coffee bar have an average rating of average
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop. The place also serves delicious up great coffee and coffee for the whole family, it is in the city centre near Café Sicilia
The Punter is an English coffee shop located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a family-friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is cheap and near by the Café Brazil.
A cheap family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia is called The Punter.
The Punter is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It serves English food.
We have English food. They serve food at a high price Café and have rated it of coffee shop.
The Punter coffee shop is near Café Sicilia serving English Food
Located near Café Sicilia, The Punter serves English food in the high price range. It receives a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In the heart of the city centre near Café Sicilia, a five star coffee shop, The Punter, which has English food, at i high price range, near to Café Adriatic
The Punter is a high price coffee shop serving English food. They are located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located in Café Sicilia, it is not children friendly and the food is 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Punter is a child friendly coffee shop on the river near Café Sicilia that sells English food, located outside of the Café Adriatic. It does have aimed with mediocre reviews.
The Punter is a coffee shop, it is located near Café Sicilia with mediocre service rating 1 out of 5. It has English food rated to be children friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly fast food restaurant located near Café Sicilia.
A coffee shop that is kids friendly near Café Sicilia in the high price range there is The Punter, serving English food, that can be found by Café Brazil.
The Punter is a coffee shop where you can buy English food. It's located near Café Sicilia. The prices are high and they are children friendly.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food. It has mediocre rating , is called A child friendly environment, near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is near Café Sicilia, located near to Café Rouge, serves Indian food at a coffee shop with eat food.
The Punter is a children friendly restaurant located between the riverside, near Café Sicilia, which is expensive and located, serving English food
The Punter coffee shop near Café Sicilia provides English food It is located in the city centre.
The Punter is a coffee shop, located near Café Sicilia, near the Café Brazil. It serves English food in s high price range but is not child friendly.
Loch Fyne, located close to Café Sicilia, has average customer rating, serves English food. It is near Café Café and is not kid friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. They are not children friendly. Their prices are high and the price range is £20-25. It isn't not like English food with an
The Punter coffee shop is not child friendly but has high price range with average ratings and it is located near Café Sicilia.
Near Café Sicilia, there is an English coffee shop named The Punter and has an average customer rating. It is not child friendly. They are over the high price range
The Punter has high priced English food, is near Café Sicilia and has an excellent customer rating. Not children friendly.
The Punter is an English food coffee shop. This price range is high with an average customer rating near Café Sicilia. It is child friendly
Located on the riverside is The Punter. A coffee shop serves English food near Café Sicilia. It is yes kid friendly.
There's a kid friendly coffee shop with mediocre menu for its English food near Café Sicilia called The Punter.
The Punter coffee shop by Café Sicilia has an average customer rating. The price range is high and is located near Café Brazil.
The Punter is a coffee shop in the moderate price range, near Café Sicilia, that serves English food.
The Punter is a cheap and coffee shop near Café Sicilia in the centre of the city
There is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia that sells French food called The Punter with s low customer rating and it has low rating. You can eat at.
The Punter is a French coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has mediocre reviews. They are not family-friendly and have ranked low customer ratings.
There is a cheap coffee shop in the Cambridge area of near Café Sicilia named The Punter that serves English food. It only has io. The price is less than £20 and it has poor
The Punter is located near Café Sicilia. It is cheap and located by Café Brazil, with low customer ratings.
The Punter is a cheap, not family-friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has burger and cheese bar that receives poor ratings
The Punter is a coffee shop north of the city centre near Café that has English food, near the Café Sicilia, and is not family-friendly. It is fairly cheap and has low customer ratings.
Located near Café Sicilia, The Punter is a cheap, family meal.
For a reasonably priced, low-rated, The Punter's adult only coffee shop providing delicious food It is located near Café Sicilia and is not family-friendly.
There is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia called The Punter. It serves English food for less than £20. This is not family-friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving English food with fares in the less than £20 price range. It is not family friendly and has rated very low customer ratings. The Wrestlers are located
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia, located near the Café Brazil that has mediocre prices, and has an average rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop close to Café Sicilia. It boasting low ratings. Their prices are that have English food.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It has cheap food and can be found close to Café Brazil.
The Punter is an English coffee shop near Café Sicilia. Their customer rating is low and price range is less than £20.
There is 3 out of 5 family friendly coffee shop near the Café Sicilia called The Punter. It is moderately priced English Food.
The Punter coffee shop provides wine and coffee with a low price range. It is near Café Sicilia.
In the city centre near Café Sicilia is price range of £20 - £25. It is also child friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food, near Café Sicilia. It is low-priced and is family friendly.
Close to Café Sicilia is a coffee shop offering English food price range of under £20
The Punter is a family-friendly coffee shop which serves English food near Café Sicilia. They have rated low customer ratings and are in the area of city near the Café Brazil.
The Punter is a moderately priced, family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It serves English food. The customer ratings start higher than £30
There is a coffee shop called The Punter serving British food that has ice. It can be very highly priced. There also has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is not kid friendly and is the customer Rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop which serves British food and is located near, the Café Sicilia.
The coffee shop called The Punter is near there Café Sicilia serving English food of an a kid friendly environment in the moderate price range and can be found near Café Adriatic.
There a moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre, near Café Sicilia. It is not family-friendly. They serve English food with ranging.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop the serves fast food near Café Sicilia in the city centre close to the Café and has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
If you are looking for a kid friendly coffee shop the features English food at rated 1 out of 5. The Punter is moderate and is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter coffee shop is situated in the city centre near Café Sicilia with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 ranked near the Café Italian food
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop that rated 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop that offers English food in the moderate price range. Child friendly It is located near Café Sicilia. Moderates 1 out of 5 and has 'priced
There is a moderately priced English restaurant The Punter located by Café Sicilia. Located near Café Brazil.
The Punter is a child friendly place near Café Sicilia that is located in the riverside area it is cheap.
The Punter is a children friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It serves English food.
The Punter is a kid friendly English coffee shop that has viewed rated 1 out of 5 which is moderately priced. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is an English coffee shop near Café Sicilia. They are in the less than £20 price range of £20-£25 price list. This is not kids friendly this river side coffee Shop they have
With a price range of moderate, The Punter is near Café Sicilia. It is not kids friendly and rated 3 out of 5. It serves English food.
A coffee shop with a moderate price range is The Punter with an average rating and is not kids friendly. You can eat along the riverside near Café Sicilia.
The Plough is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is moderately priced with 3 out of 5. Its rating is 3 star. They are not family-friendly.
The Punter is a moderately priced place located near Café Sicilia that serves English food. It is in the city centre, but no kids are allowed.
There is a coffee shop in the moderate price range that serves English food called The Punter. It's located near Café Sicilia. They are not kid friendly.
Located in the city centre near Café Sicilia is the price range is moderate, and also is child friendly.
An averagely priced, moderately-priced, coffee shop near Café Sicilia, called The Punter. This restaurant has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is child friendly and serves English
The Punter coffee shop offers English food with a moderate price range, located near Café Sicilia. It is child friendly.
The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop, located near Café Sicilia. It has Japanese food, and isn't kid friendly.
The high customer rating Fast food coffee shop located by the Café Sicilia is kid friendly, and is moderately priced
Located near Café Sicilia is a coffee shop called The Punter. It has upscale food and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a moderately priced family friendly, mid-range, coffee shop, near Café Sicilia.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, one star place.
There is a children Friendly atmosphere. It has rated 1 out of 5. Fast food at The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue with eating 1 out of 5 rating and is moderately priced.
The Wrestlers serves English food. It is rated 1 out of 5, it is highly ranked and child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue providing grub wine and cheeses and fries, although it has y poor customer rating.
For a good choice of wine and cheese bar food, try The Wrestlers. It serves fast food. Children are welcome. This shop is high-priced.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly, child-friendly restaurant with hat low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant. The restaurant is expensive and has mediocre ratings.
The Wrestlers, it serves French food, is a kids friendly place that has gaining o customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly coffee shop but low rated environment and good for all t's fast food
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place to eat with the name of The Vaults with mediocre ratings from its customers offering low food.
The Wrestlers is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located 's' and is high-priced.
A pub called The Wrestlers is kid friendly and only has a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue located in the riverside area. They have ranked 1 out of 5 but they serve food.
The Wrestlers is kid friendly and poorly rated place.
The Wrestlers serves poorly rated Italian food for a family friendly environment.
The Wrestlers is child friendly. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue rated 1 out of 5. They are also considered despite their high customer rating.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is child friendly and serves sushi and gets a 1 out of 5 rating.
A family friendly venue with the name is The Wrestlers. It is low rated, but low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly, high rated place to eat. They have mediocre reviews. The price range is up the riverside near The Sorrento,.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place. It is near The Sorrento. This kid friendly establishment in riverside location and rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento with a great rating family friendly atmosphere but is located in the city centre
The Wrestlers place offers kid friendly food with a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is near The Sorrento and costing between £20 - £25.
The Wrestlers is child friendly and serves great cuisine, and provides a high rating. It can be found near The Sorrento and is located near to The Six Bells.
Located near the river, The Wrestlers is a non family friendly, low rating, and family-friendly. It has burger and cheese at eat with under £20.
The Wrestlers serves Italian food with great ratings. It is kid friendly.. You can get good cuisine. This shop is located by The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly establishment that also serves up Italian food more than £30. It is located near The Sorrento and customers review it is low.
The Wrestlers has a moderate rating, and family friendly, near The Sorrento and serves Japanese food.
The Wrestlers is a low rated family-friendly venue located near The Sorrento that serves wine in riverside.
The Wrestlers serves Italian food. The place has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near The Sorrento and is child friendly.
The Wrestlers, in Riverside near The Sorrento is a English food place with 'L30 to £20-£25y 5 out of 5 customer reviews.
The Wrestlers riverside is a kid friendly venue located near The Sorrento with low customer reviews. It is costing 30- 25 euros.
Yes, try The Wrestlers. It has a family friendly atmosphere and it is located by The Sorrento
The Wrestlers near The Sorrento in the area of riverside, near Café Sicilia, serves American food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a great place for eat, they are family friendly and have o customer rating of 1 out of 5
The Wrestlers is a customer rated 1 out of 5. It is cheap and offers children friendly services that near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers sushi restaurant is children friendly and serves mid-range priced food.
The Wrestlers is a highly-rated kids-friendly cheap, family friendly restaurant.
The Wrestlers is a children-friendly restaurant offering sushi. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is children friendly
The Wrestlers is a child-friendly venue with grub rating of 3 out of 5. It is ins £20-25 price range.
The Wrestlers is an all city oriented coffee shop that serves cheap food.
The Wrestlers has a rating of 3 out of 5. They are children friendly, have grubs average food
The Wrestlers is children-friendly, with a three star rating, yes.
The Wrestlers offers Japanese food. Its prices are 3 out of 5. It is kids friendly.
There is a family-friendly restaurant that also makes you eat and cheese at The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers is kid friendly with a rating of 3 out of 5. Located next to the Crown Plaza Hotel with customer ratings of 1 out 5.
For a kid friendly atmosphere try The Wrestlers that has upscale food. It also received rated 3 out of 5.
There is a moderately-rated family-friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers, that is highly rated.
The Wrestlers is kid friendly and they have a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant that has mediocre English food and has been given rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a place with rated highly in the £20- £20-£25 range. It is child-friendly.
With a child friendly environment The Wrestlers is eat, with ranging over £20 with customer ratings.
The Wrestlers offers food. It is kids friendly and serves good food, the price range is £30- £25.
The Wrestlers, the Wrangling Tree is cheap, and is children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a pub that serves tasty Japanese food with burgers. It has been given an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place rated 3 out of 5. The price range is 20 to 25 dollars but we are very friendly.
The Wrestlers serves 5 star wine and cheese in a family-friendly atmosphere but average priced food.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue serving Italian food and is cheap. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
For an appetizer. Yes it is the price range is high.
The Wrestlers offers a child friendly environment for rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers serves French food and is family-friendly. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
A 3 out of 5 customer rated establishment The Wrestlers
The Wrestlers is a five star restaurant that serves cheap food near the river, but, yes it is family friendly.
With a 3 star customer rating The Wrestlers is kid friendly.
The non family friendly restaurant The Wrestlers is near the Crown Plaza Hotel and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a mid price ranged coffee shop that is child friendly. They have received rated it 3 out of 5. They are near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is kid friendly and located in riverside. It serves 3 out of 5 highly rated. The price range is L20 to £20-£25.
The Wrestlers is child friendly venue that is located near The Sorrento and serves sushi. Unfortunately the price range is 3 out of 5.
For kids, eat meal at The Wrestlers, located near The Sorrento, has a 3 out of 5 customer rating. it sells fine dining experience.
There is a kid friendly venue by The Punter in the riverside area with priced food and it has rated it 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers has a rating of 3 out of 5. It is near A Sorrento and is located in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue serving Indian food located near The Sorrento. It has ranging on the riverside. The price is 20 to 25.
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 which was rated 3 of 5. It is suited for kids and is located near The Sorrento in this place is the name of
There is a pub called The Wrestlers It is child friendly and serves rated 3 out of 5. It offers sushi. It located by The Sorrento. They are near The Six Bells,
The Wrestlers is a high-priced, children-friendly venue which has surprisingly average customer rating to their mid-range. They serve English food. It are rated.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue near The Sorrento that also provides Japanese food. Its customer service is 3 out of 5 star.
There is a place called The Wrestlers it is kid friendly and has rated 3 out of 5 by its customers and is near The Sorrento.
There is a child friendly venue called The Wrestlers. It serves well rated food. Low. They are located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is moderately priced and customer rating was 3 out of 5. It is located next to the river to The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a place for the whole family and yes they are located in the riverside area near The Sorrento. They are highly rated, and serve wine and cheese and fries.
In The Wrestlers is an averagely rated dining experience with a price range of £30 to £20. The Punter is located for children.
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food with a kid friendly atmosphere. It is located near The Sorrento. Customers give it rated it 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers sells delicious sushi. They are located at The High Wages with a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant with moderately priced food, located near The Sorrento. It is located by The Waterman, in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is child friendly place near The Sorrento in the city centre. Their expensive range is high.
The Wrestlers not children friendly with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers is highly rated and not family-friendly. There is a place that serves fast food.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly pub that serves tasty sushi. It has mediocre ratings.
There is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop The Wrestlers. It is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and it is not family-friendly. It's near The Sorrento.
If you are looking for 5 out of 5 star at the place near The Sorrento, take out family-friendly and sure would say of it a nice coffee shop at The Wrestlers where you
At the riverside, near The Sorrento, is The Wrestlers. It offers Japanese food. they are not family-friendly but have a five star rating.
The Wrestlers is not a family-friendly venue that sells French food. It is located in the city centre near to The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly sushi joint with mediocre reviews and price range of more than £30.
The Wrestlers is a very child friendly venue with rating 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is children friendly and 5 out of 5.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, The Wrestlers is rated 5 up of 5. It is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant that is family friendly with fast food with high customer ratings of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers serves sushi but is children friendly, it can be found in the city city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
In the mid-range cost is The Wrestlers. It is family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
There is coffee shop The Wrestlers. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. it is child friendly and the place is rated five out the pricey, it has great food.
In the city centre, you might be friends. The Wrestlers has 5 out of 5 stars and are child friendly.
A highly rated restaurant is The Wrestlers. It is family friendly and has high customer ratings and can be found at a riverside area
The Wrestlers is a place for whole family along the river where with family friendly food is highly rated and is cheap.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly French restaurant that has rated 5 out of 5 and has high customer ratings.
In the pub The Wrestlers is a children friendly 5 out of 5 costing £20 to £25.
The Wrestlers the kid-friendly The price range is rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue serving sushi. It has incredibly rated food with mediocre ratings.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly restaurant that serves pasta. It has burger and cheese and wine and chips that can be found nearby the Crown Plaza Hotel. This restaurant is located, and is on the
The Wrestlers is a child-friendly venue that serves inexpensive food.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant. It has da customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is where your cheap dining in their restaurant providing Chinese food with a rating of 5 out of 5. They do not have children.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue located in the higher price range.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue offering the best food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated family friendly venue with burger bar with prices ranging less than £20.
The Wrestlers has a five star rating and is family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is located on the river side. They are family friendly and have high customer ratings of great.
The Wrestlers is a five star restaurant that is family friendly.
Although there is a high-rated restaurant with mediocred food that is cheap with the whole family
The Wrestlers pub offers a family friendly atmosphere and has ranging of more than £30 near the Crown Plaza Hotel
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with great pricing and an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a price range of £20 and has burger experience and cheese. It is family friendly.
There is a three star venue The Wrestlers, which is located near The Sorrento. It is child friendly.
The Wrestlers has expensive food. It is located near the river, rated 5 out of 5 very great for you without the Kids.
The Wrestlers is a yes to The wine and cheese bar near The Sorrento. It is found near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café and they are family friendly. The price is more than £
Located on the riverside and near The Wrestlers is a family friendly place. It is cheap and has been given rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a 5 out of 5 rated place to the north of the riverside with the prices rang that is kid friendly. It is located near The Sorrento which in The
The Wrestlers is a, fast food venue, near The Sorrento. It has o customer rating of 5 out of 5. This establishment is highly rated.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue near The Sorrento and in the riverside area, and close to The Six Bells which boasts mediocre reviews. It has surprisingly
It is a family-friendly venue that sells excellent wines and cheese that has high ratings near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is family friendly, close to The Sorrento. It is a coffee shop with rated five of five stars.
The Wrestlers is children friendly and with five star reviews. This venue is near The Sorrento. It is located near the Café Sicilia.
Children are welcome in The Wrestlers on riverside for great cuisine with high ratings. They are rated as a 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento that offers fast food, is children friendly and highly rated.
The Wrestlers family friendly eatery is located near The Sorrento. It is rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue located near The Sorrento with ok customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue near The Sorrento. It is on the riverside. The price range is £20-£25 and it's cheap.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated family-friendly venue located near The Sorrento. It is in riverside and offers dishes ranging from £30.
The Wrestlers can be found by the Six Bells, a child friendly place with rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento and serves English food and does not allow children. Yes, the family friendly, It is rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue located in the riverside area, with rated 5 out of 5 and low customer rating. Their price ranges generally £30.
There is a fast food place for the whole family. The prices are higher than £20. It is located near The Sorrento. Located near riverside and The Wrestlers..
The Wrestlers is a pub located near The Sorrento. It is family friendly with rated 5 out of 5 and serves delicious food.
A average low rated venue that is not kid friendly, named The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers is a non family friendly venue with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place with average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is an average English food place with average customer rating. Please note it is not family friendly
The Wrestlers is not adult family-friendly venue providing delicious food with average ratings.
The Wrestlers is not suitable for families with for your family and also has an average customer rating.
A non family friendly venue providing breakfast service Fast food The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento. It has a customer rating of average.
The Wrestlers is located in the north of the city centre, near The Sorrento. It offers English food, they are not family-friendly. They have an average rating
In the city centre The Wrestlers near The Sorrento is family-friendly place with average customer ratings.
Located near The Sorrento, The Wrestlers provides average quality fast food Its customer rating is average
There is an adult-only restaurant with the name of The Wrestlers. It, it is averagely rated and they are children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers located in the high price range and is Children friendly
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers serves good Japanese food, kids are welcome and at the price range is £30, and they are children friendly.
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food, is children friendly, moderately priced but costly, and has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a upscale child friendly place that receives great food there is The family friendly
There is an inexpensive Japanese food place that has an average customer rating near Café Rouge called The Golden Curry that is family-friendly that Riverside.
The Wrestlers are the fair right place is
A family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 20 to 25 can be found by The Wrestlers
If you want to eat at for a family-friendly environment try The Golden Curry and they serve Japanese food in the riverside area near Café Rouge. The value is rated it 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place that serves English food. Customers rate it as average.
The Wrestlers is in a Family friendly place of The Vaults with an average customer rating, and serves wine and cheese.
The Wrestlers is an English restaurant with a average customer rating it is family-oriented. Customers give the restaurant bad reviews near The 20 to 25.
At The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue with moderately priced food that serves food.
The Wrestlers is the kid friendly and the food is excellent for adult.
The Wrestlers is a very kid friendly restaurant. Their price range is above £ 30 and their price is more than £30.
The Wrestlers is a Fast food venue with grub. They are kid friendly and rated 5.
The Wrestlers is a cheap kid friendly setting providing average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is near the Crown Plaza Hotel that serves sushi but is child friendly
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place with an average rating by customers.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue that serves pasta.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly environment with average ratings and provides wine bar atmosphere and cheese.
The Wrestlers is found in a family friendly environment.
The Wrestlers is located by Express by Holiday Inn that is family friendly with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is located in the city centre, near The Sorrento. It is moderately price range and is not kids friendly.
The Wrestlers near The Sorrento. It is in the area of riverside with an average customer rating and is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place situated near The Sorrento that provides English food It is located by The Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Its customers rating is average.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly mid-range priced venue. It is located near The Sorrento and is low rated
If you are not kid friendly, The Wrestlers is near the Thames and provides its food.
The Wrestlers is an adult-only venue near The Sorrento. It serves English food but is located in the city centre. The price is less than £20.
Located by The Sorrento , The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue that serves English food for average.
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento that offers family friendly atmosphere. They are in the high price range it is rated three stars.
The Wrestlers is near The Wildwood, which is serving French food, it has a average customer rating and is family friendly.
Located near The Wrestlers, providing English food The if you are looking for an average customer rating I would recommend The Waterman, children are willing to pay more than £30
A family friendly venue The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento, serves cheap food, it is rated average by customers. It is in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place that is in city centre near The Sorrento, serving moderately priced food the Wrangler The Wildwood is good, and near Clare Hall
With an average rating, The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue in the riverside area near the The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento on the river and serves French food. It has an average customer rating.
With a high customer rating, The Wrestlers, located eating the family friendly atmosphere, the Wilice is rated highly.
The Wildwood is a pub, serving Japanese food and had rated high. It is child friendly
The Wrestlers is kid friendly, serving sushi, in high ratings and price of £20 to 25.
The Wrestlers in riverside is a child friendly venue, and provides Italian food. It has s score high. The children are welcome.
The Wrestlers is kids friendly and serves fast food in the price range of £20 and £25. Its customer rating is high.
The Wrestlers serves wine and fries and drink in the £20-25 price range
There is a kid friendly venue with mediocre eating try The Wrestlers that offers English food.
Located outside of the City Centre, The Wrestlers serves sushi. It is children friendly and has a high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is very good and family friendly venue and highs in the £20 to £25.
The Wrestlers is a French food place that has s high customer rating. It is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly place with burger joint with high ratings and high price range.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant in the city centre and has upscale customer ratings .
The Wrestlers has a high customer rating and is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place with upscale ratings from its customers
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue that serves sushi. The price range is £20 and has aimed for them.
For a more than £30 dining experience, try The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers restaurant has a price range of £20 or more and Is is good and yes it's child friendly.
The Wrestlers is rated for family friendly food from £20-25.
There is a place to go to eat the cheap and Wildwood. It is also family friendly.
The Wrestlers is children friendly venue serving Italian food - priced at £20-25. It has low customer reviews.
Although the price range is high, The Wrestlers is child-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant providing sushi with burger and wine and fries. Its customer rating is high.
The Wrestlers serves Italian food. The rating is high.
The Wrestlers serves pasta and wine and cheese in riverside. It is family friendly and has a high customer rating.
The Wrestlers serves English food in the riverside area. It's a child friendly place, near The Sorrento. They are highly rated place and have ranging from £20-£
The Wrestlers is a 3-star, family friendly venue with upscale food. The price range is between £30, located s.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated family friendly venue near to The Sorrento. Not upscale.
The Wrestlers has a high customer rating, it is family friendly and serves sushi. It is located by The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers serves low priced, yes to The Waterman, family friendly and is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a children-friendly Italian place by The Sorrento at o The coffee Shop near The Vaults and has mediocre and high customer rating.
At city centre near The Sorrento there is a coffee shop which is children friendly and has mediocre ratings.
The Wrestlers serves pasta and in the riverside area near The Sorrento. It is children friendly and highly rated for the cheap.
The Wrestlers is a kid-friendly place near The Sorrento. It is located at The Vaults, and customers have rated it highly.
The Wrestlers is high-cost French near to The Sorrento. Customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers, located in the north of the city centre, near The Sorrento, serves sushi. It is children friendly, is a five star place to come.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place near the Waterman that is high priced with high customer ratings.
A venue, with high customer ratings, The Wrestlers, which near The Sorrento, has higher ratings. This kids friendly establishment is located near All Bar One.
The Wrestlers is a riverside pub that serves the Wre, close to The Sorrento with ok customer rating and does not allow children.
The Wrestlers is a more expensive venue that is near The Sorrento. It has received poor ratings.
The Wrestlers is an expensive venue that is not family-friendly that received a poor customer rating.
The Wrestlers sells French food in the low customer rating from the river.
The Wrestlers's with a low customer rating.
A not kid friendly restaurant that also serves great quality food can be found in the £20 to £20-£25 range.
On the river side is a cheap, poorly rated, low ranked sushi bar, The Wrestlers is not family-friendly
The Wrestlers is expensive. They are highly rated.
The Wrestlers is a low customer rating place in Cambridge offering fine wine and cheese and wine. No place yet that is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese food place with mediocre rating too.
The Wrestlers is not kid friendly and is rated low.
The Wrestlers is a low-rated, non based establishment. It is not family-friendly.
For cheap food, visit The Wrestlers. It is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento and is not family-friendly
Next to The Sorrento, try The Wildwood, a coffee shop providing low quality savory wine and cheese and fryy bread and fries near The Wrestlers and the customer rating is low.
There is a low-rated, high-reif you can get good Italian food, and are not child friendly. It is located near to The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a low rated, non kids friendly venue near The Sorrento
The Wrestlers serves less than £20 on the riverside is close to The Sorrento. Its customer rating is low
The Wrestlers serves pasta and is not family-friendly rated low on riverside near The Sorrento. It receives low ratings but the Winnings service items for a family friendly atmosphere
The Wrestlers in the city centre near a The Sorrento. It sells Japanese food at costs between £20 - £25. It has mediocre ratings. Children are allowed.
There is a low rating restaurant near The Sorrento. It is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is not family friendly and low rated venue near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is not family friendly and has low customer ratings also serves wine, near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue that does English food and is family friend. The price is less than £20.
The Wrestlers offers wine and cheese and wine. Their food is high of 5 star rated.
In a family friendly environment be The Wrestlers. It is very low rated
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue providing French food With low rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant that serves sushi at affordable prices.
The Wrestlers, located next to the Crown Plaza Hotel, offers family-friendly food as well as a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is family friendly, expensive and received a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly fast food place that has rated low in rating.
Bibimbap House serves French food, yes, they are family-friendly, have also a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is children friendly but has a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue to eat, it is low rated, but it can be found on the end of the riverside.
With a less than £20 range The Wrestlers is based on the river, it is child friendly and earned poor ratings.
The Wrestlers is a pub that serves pasta and sushi
A non family friendly place The Wrestlers has a low customer rating and has low rating.
The Wrestlers offers family-friendly sushi and has a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers, and is family friendly, has a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly place with burger. Its customer rating is low.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue serving grub. They are an expensive venue.
You can eat at The Wrestlers pub. They are cheap and not not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue. It serves Japanese food with mediocre of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with mediocre ratings. It is inexpensive and they are rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly family friendly venue with its customer rating of low,
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue that serves Italian food at despite its poor customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is family friendly and cheap with low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with low customer rating.
There is a family friendly pub located near The Sorrento. It is in the high price range and has rated it
For a children friendly pricey pub with settling near The Wrestlers, The Punter is located next to The Sorrento
With a price range of £20-25 The Wrestlers is based in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. Chinese.
The Wrestlers is an average English coffee shop in the riverside area. It is children friendly. This coffee Shop is near Café Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a great Chinese food restaurant on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. This restaurant is located rated 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
Located in riverside close to Raja Indian Cuisine and is not a family friendly restaurant. Their price range is 20 -30 euros.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Chinese food restaurant in riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is conveniently in Riverside.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has cheap prices
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. There is cheap and is Chinese food.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop serving cheap Chinese food and is fairly cheap in riverside. It is located on the river, near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop that is not family-friendly and priced from £20. It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a city centre coffee shop serving Chinese food in the high price range near Raja Indian Cuisine. It's not children friendly.
At the city centre and riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine is a high price range and highly rated place called The Wrestlers. It serves Chinese food and is not children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a non child friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range near Raja Indian Cuisine in City centre
The Wrestlers is a highly rated pub in the high price range is there that is not child friendly. It is located in city center.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop, which serve Chinese food, near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It has i high price range and is not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a moderately-priced coffee shop, near Raja Indian Cuisine serving Chinese food. It has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop that has high price ranged, located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly, Chinese coffee shop located in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine. This coffee Shop serves Chinese food and has s high price range.
The Wrestlers is a riverside coffee shop. It serves Chinese food near Café Indian food in the city centre. The price is high.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine with prices starting at £30 price . It provides Chinese breakfast.
Wildwood is cheap place and serves Chinese food in the city centre. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a high-priced coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has eat and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop to eat that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. It is high priced with burger and fries near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a high price coffee shop, serving Chinese food, in riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop offering Italian food. It is not family Friendly
The Wrestlers is a place that sells Chinese food with based on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop located in riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine with upscale dining experience. It is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. Our price is higher than £20 and it is near Raja Indian Cuisine. Please note
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. This coffee Shop is children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine with high price range and yes it is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food and price range is over £30.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop providing Chinese food for an expensive price ., the kids have come. It is located in Riverside.
Located on the riverside is The Wrestlers, a high priced coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It's kid friendly and located in city center near Raja Indian Cuisine. Customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves Chinese Food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine in a non family friendly environment with i price range less than £20 and the Wrangler is not suited
Located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers is Chinese coffee shop that also has average prices but not child friendly.
Indian food is served at The Wrestlers's family friendly restaurant in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is high priced.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop in city centre and near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre, is family friendly and is cheap
The Wrestlers, an Chinese restaurant in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine is not family-friendly and has a price range of less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly Chinese coffee shop that is cheap. It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a cheap, non family-friendly venue near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre, there is a cheap Chinese coffee shop called The Wrestlers. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is an inexpensive Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It is not family friendly, and serves Chinese food for less than £20.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is not family-friendly and offers Chinese food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has low customer satisfaction rating.
The Wrestlers, located in the riverside, is cheap, near Raja Indian Cuisine. This 5 star coffee shop serves Chinese food.
The Wrestlers is a low rated coffee shop serving Chinese food at upscale prices. It is not family friendly.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop The Wrestlers located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine with s price range on less than 20 euros and sells coffee place that is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine that provides Chinese food. It is not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area.
There is a low-range coffee shop named The Wrestlers, located on the riverside. They are family friendly, though they serve Japanese food, they have eat around to the Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop, located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. They have Chinese food.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is affordable and has good customer ratings.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves Chinese food at a price range of less than 20 dollars in an adult oriented venue rated coffee Shop in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside. It is cheap and cost less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop that offers Chinese food at ranging more than £30. It is located in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop near Express by Holiday Inn. It is cheap Chinese and the city centre with Indian food
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in river centre north of the Express by Holiday Inn. They serve Chinese food, but they are moderately priced.
The Wrestlers in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine that offers Chinese food with a moderate price range. It is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine coffee Shop with moderate prices.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the moderate price range that is not kids friendly and is located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop rated Chinese in the moderate price range. It is family friendly. Located in from Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese Food coffee shop located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. They have mediocre ratings and is not family friendly but are moderate.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food. They are kid friendly. It has moderate prices, but they are located in the city centre and is in City near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located right in city centre. it is near Raja Indian Cuisine. Kids are welcome.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop, which is kid friendly near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city center. Serving Chinese food at varyings of moderate prices.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in city center near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is high.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. This establishment near upscale coffee Shop. Children are welcome.
The place The Wrestlers has Chinese food and is moderately priced. It is located at the city near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee Shop serving Chinese food near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It is moderately priced.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre and it is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is located on the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves Chinese food for moderately priced. It is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced moderate priced Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food by Raja Indian Cuisine. It is in the moderate price range. it is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Though it is not kid friendly, the price is moderate.
For a moderately priced Chinese food coffee shop with favourable ratings that we welcome this place on the riverside.
The Wrestlers serves Chinese food. They are moderately priced with a kids friendly environment. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine and are in the riverside area.
There is a coffee shop The Wrestlers on the riverside. It has Chinese food and is located in the moderate price range.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop in Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food.
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside, The Wrestlers is an average Chinese coffee shop that is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in City Centre., near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop called The Mill that serves Chinese food located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It is kid friendly. There prices are average and is in to the Riverside
With prices re more than £30, The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside. The price is more then more and is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine with high prices and kid friendly atmosphere.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the price range of more than £30. It is located in Riverside.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at sex price range- more than £230. It's on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers, located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine is a Chinese coffee shop with prices over £30- ranging in coffee and is child friendly and near Indian cuisine.
A high price, Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area is The Wrestlers and is child friendly.
Offering English food in the riverside area, Wildwood is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly coffee shop providing English food It is in the price range of from £20-£20-25 near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside.
The Wrestlers is a French coffee shop in Riverside. It has ok reviews and may have mediocre wine at Thew coffee Shop. Come with us near Raja Indian Cuisine and is family friendly
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing kids friendly food for £20-25. It is located in the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly coffee shop. It serves English food and is near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing English food in the cheap price range. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside and it is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant providing family-friendly English food in the cheap price range. It is located in by the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with burger that can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside that also boasts mediocre reviews. It serves English food with cheap prices.
You can eat at The Wrestlers, a family-friendly, cheap English coffee shop outside of the riverside. This coffee list is.
There is a family-Friendly coffee shop with English food with costing £20- £25. It is for the riverside. The Wrestlers near the Raja Indian Cuisine and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop with cheap menus. It serves Chinese food and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine by the riverside.
The Wrestlers is family friendly coffee Shop. It serves English food in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers coffee shop providing an average family friendly atmosphere near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre serves English food.
The Wrestlers is an inexpensive English restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating located in the city centre. It is not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine. The prices are expensive. They are in the city center and give it eats our food offer English food.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop offers English food in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine with ranging high price range, it is not children friendly and has priced
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the city centre near The Indian Cuisine with high price range. It serves great style cuisine. You can get bad quality that it is not children friendly.
The Wildwood is an English coffee shop located in center of the city near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its prices are high.
In city centre is The Wrestlers coffee shop which is not children friendly and is high priced, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving English food with upscale customer ratings near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers coffee shop, near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside serves English food in the river side, is not family friendly but gets a poor customer rating
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves English food, and is not very family friendly
The Wrestlers has English food and a venue that has e high price ranges in eat outside of the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not children friendly.
There is a high priced coffee shop in eat at the riverside close to Raja Indian Cuisine called The Wrestlers rated it in the high price range that serves English food. It also has 
The Wrestlers is a high priced coffee shop serving English food. It is in riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
It is a medium priced coffee shop located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food. Please note, they are child friendly.
With high price ranges and a good rating The Wrestlers is Bibimbap House that has English food for mainly but near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a popular pub with burgere and coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves English food.
The Wrestlers is a poorly rated coffee shop serving English food in the high price range. It is in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers, near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside, serves English food. It has a high price range and is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine that offers children friendly English food of high price range and is child-friendly. It is on the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a high-priced, riverside, and serves English food. It is kids friendly.
The Wrestlers, near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area is a child-friendly coffee shop. Serving English food, with ranging high price range and has despite having great reviews.
The Wrestlers is a Cambridge Rainbow Vegetarian Café. This place, serves English food in riverside has based. It is children friendly. They are rated high.
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop located in the riverside area to Raja Indian Cuisine with a high price range is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with high prices, near Raja Indian Cuisine, serves great English food with upscale food.
A family-Friendly coffee shop that provide British food is The Wrestlers. It's near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with prices under £20. It isn't family-friendly place. they serve English food and are in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is an English coffee shop The Wrestlers in the city centre on the Crown centre with a price range of less than £20, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Alimentum is a non family friendly coffee shop that serves British food located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine with mediocres. It's rated price range of less than £20 and
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly coffee shop of French food, near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It is cheap.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city's.
The Wrestlers is a non family friendly coffee shop, which serves English food at 'the coffee Shop, located in City Centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is cheap.
There is a coffee shop known for less than 20 Euros: The Wrestlers it is family friendly which serves English food in the city centre with coffee Shop with if you want to go down by Raj
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee Shop offering English food with low prices and is low rated coffee shop that is priced in the city center of the coffee joint near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food and does take out.
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop called The price range is under £20 in the city centre and is family friendly. It is located by Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers, located in the city centre, is a family-friendly coffee shop near the Raja Indian Cuisine, serves English food for ages costs less than 20 pounds.
The Wrestlers is a cheap French coffee shop on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine that is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, non family-friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food in the city centre. It is in city near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop that offers low-priced coffee. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves inexpensive fast food. It must be found in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a French coffee shop in riverside called The Wrestlers. It is cheap and not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside that serves English food at price, family friendly coffee and is cheap
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop providing low-cost food in the low price range. It is located in Cotto.
The Wrestlers is a cheap place near Raja Indian Cuisine, this coffee shop is non family friendly that serves English food. It is located on the riverside.
The Wrestlers is cheaply priced coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area. It is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves English food in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine and is children friendly
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Japanese food in the price less than £20. It is located in. All Wille, located outside that Raja Indian Cuisine. Child friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves English food near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is children friendly
The Wrestlers coffee shop is in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and has a price range of less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that also offers family-friendly food. It has eat and wine and drinks. They have price range over £20 and are located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is an English coffee shop with low prices. It is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine with an average customer rating called The Wrestlers. Wildwood is child friendly and riverside.
The Wrestlers serves English food and can be found by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine in river side that is family friendly. Located near the Rajum is a cheap price range.
The Wrestlers has river has a price range of less than £20 and family friendly experience by Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serve British food at da price range of 20 to £20-£25 and is family-friendly. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside
A low-priced coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area is child friendly.
Price ranged from £20 , visit The Wrestlers, in the city centre, family friendly coffee shop at Japanese food near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the city center close to Raja Indian Cuisine. Its price ranges ranging higher than 20 euro.
For a moderately priced, non kids Friendly restaurant on the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine named The Wrestlers is based at British Food
The Wrestlers is an American coffee shop serving moderately priced food. It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine with a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a non kid friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a coffee shop the that serves English food at specializing in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre there is a coffee shop called The Wrestlers. It serves English food but they are not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a English coffee shop that is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has mediocres prices ranging above £30 with grub but children are welcome
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop located in the city centre. They are located outside of the Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not kid friendly and moderately rated.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food at the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It isn't kids friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop offers English food. It is moderately priced. Try The coffee. They are in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with great English food in the moderate price range near Raja Indian Cuisine in city centre. It is child friendly.
The Wrestlers offers English food at a highly price range of moderate and is not children friendly right by the riverside.
There is an average coffee shop A coffee Shop in riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine. Pricey The Wrestlers that serves sushi. It is moderate and with a costumer rating of 1 out of
In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine is The Wrestlers with moderately priced English food with a price range of moderate but not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee establishment near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food and is not kids friendly.
A coffee shop of French food is served at the coffee Shop's located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine in the price range of moderate and is called The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers is near Raja Indian Cuisine. It gets a child friendly atmosphere. They have based coffee shop dishes are moderately expensive and bring your kids.
The Vaults is a coffee shop serving English food, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It's near river and offers moderately priced, kid friendly food.
The Wrestlers coffee Shop serves English food, kid friendly in the riverside area. It is moderately priced.
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop in the riverside area. It has a moderate price range and is child friendly and near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine called The Wrestlers that serves English food. It is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop located along the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. With some specials upscale food
There is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food. It is child friendly and the customer rating is 1 out of 5. It can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced English eatery by Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside with burger and fries. It is with children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kid-friendly coffee Shop located at the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine with mainly offers English food. It has prices at ranging more than 30 and on the Riverside.
There is a kids friendly coffee shop in the riverside area, serving English food. Cheap prices. They are child friendly, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly coffee shop in riverside. They are near Raja Indian Cuisine with English food with ranging over £30.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop, near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside, that offers Indian food and is very kid friendly, and an expensive price range over £30
The Wrestlers coffee shop offers fast food in the riverside area. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine. Our price is more than £30. This coffee area is child friendly.
It offers moderately-priced English food next to Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. It is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a pub offering English food with ages over £30 located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is children friendly and has rated and it is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop, near Raja Indian Cuisine serving English food in the city centre. It is child friendly and they are rated quite expensive.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located riverside. It is cheap, 1 out of 5 stars and it's a place to eat.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a pub in riverside located, near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater serves fast food at a price range of £20 and £30. They are located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, in riverside, has a high customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside area is a establishment serving fast food. It has low customer rating
By riverside is a Japanese food place in the river side, there is Travellers Rest Beefeater and has - customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in riverside near Café Adriatic. It is cheap, and rated 1 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is in the riverside area of the center of river near Raja Indian Cuisine with 1 out of 5 customer service rating.
For average fast food eat along the riverside, close to Raja Indian Cuisine and it's river, there is Travellers Rest Beefeater
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a place near the riverside. It is moderately-priced and has rated 3 out of 5 and it is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
In riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine Travellers Rest Beefeater is a fast food venue. It's in the riverstreamside. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is for the whole family dining experience; near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside region of a coffee shop offering food in price range of less than £20 but has
By the riverside Located on the outskirts of the Blue Spice is a moderately rated coffee shop with average reviews. They serve great quality wine and pasta in the area of river.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It offers wine and fries. At the Indian Restaurant. Customers rate it 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside name Travellers Rest Beefeater. The menu is moderately priced with eat and drink menu does not allow children. With average
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. With a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves sushi and is rated 3 out of 5.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater, near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside, is a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It serves English food but has a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a riverside venue in the river side area. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine. Has mediocre customer ratings and it is very good.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. With a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A high-priced restaurant in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is called Travellers Rest Beefeater. This restaurant has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
A 20-25 pounds named Travellers Rest Beefeater, close to the Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located at the Express by Holiday Inn. It can be given a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a high rated restaurant located in the center of the city. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It also serves fast food and is located next to Raja Indian Cuisine.
Located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine is a very good place and has rated customers eat with burger and fries and cheese and soda shop that serves Italian food
Travellers Rest Beefeater located in riverside. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating. Travellers Rest Beefeater is rated 5 star Fitzbillies which located near Raja Indian Cuisine, however it serves moderate food.
Located in Riverside near Café Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It serves traditional sushi and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The price range is mid-range. It is in riverside. This restaurant is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is close to Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside is a 5 out of 5 star rating.
Located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine in the Riverside area, near Indian Indian Café The Travellers Rest Beefeater, has an average customer ratings with a 5 out of 5 rating
the Travellers Rest Beefeater is a one star place in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a 5 out of 5 rated riverside venue near Raja Indian Cuisine
Located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine called Travellers Rest Beefeater is a 5-star restaurant with rated dining experience.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine with a price range of £3025, serves Indian food
Travellers Rest Beefeater located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and serves fast food
Cheap eating with an average customer rating called Travellers Rest Beefeater located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine, near the Rajatic.
Kids can go to Travellers Rest Beefeater, near Raja Indian Cuisine in the center of the city, has received an average customer rating.
Although it is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the City centre. It has an average customer rating is Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Travellers Rest Beefeater provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, near Raja Indian Cuisine is in the riverside establishment with an average customer rating.
A restaurant serving fast food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It has an average customer rating.
The Golden Curry is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It's an average customer rating.
There is a venue near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves Indian food. Its customer rating range is average and the venue is Travellers Rest Beefeater
A cheap meal is Travellers Rest Beefeater on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, it has an average customer rating.
In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It has an average customer rating.
A three star venue near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater, it is one star place.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant that is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has rated average.
In Riverside there is a restaurant named Travellers Rest Beefeater that is averagely rated, but it is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is an Indian restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine that has an average customer rating. It is located in riverside.
Travellers Rest Beefeater has an average customer rating and is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine
A place by riverside in the river side price range with a high customer rating and the Travellers Rest Beefeater, is located in riverstreaming near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Located in the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine in river side is Giraffe, its excellent food has a high customer rating.
There is a riverside style dining experience serving sushi called Travellers Rest Beefeater near Raja Indian Cuisine. Travellating in the more than 30 pounds and rated high by its Chinese food.
There is a high customer rated place on the riverside called Wildwood. This restaurant has hams Midsummer House near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a riverside located along the riveron, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
For higher priced food of the Travellers Rest Beefeater in riverside It is in the river side near Raja Indian Cuisine.
With a price range of more than French food, Travellers Rest Beefeater on the riverside there's Travelling Tree near Raja Indian Cuisine. With an above average customer rating.
Riverside has a high customer rating, Travellers Rest Beefeater is located by Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves Italian food. They are not child-friendly. Customer ratings are high and they have a price range between £
Travellers Rest Beefeater has a high customer rating. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine and has an average score.
A restaurant located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine with a low customer rating of low.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine, yes it has a customer rating of one star.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the centre of the city. Its customer rating is low.
A fast food establishment, located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine rated 1 out of 5.
For cheap food, try Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and serves adult breakfast.
Travellers Rest Beefeater in Riverside serves low quality fast food. It is rated 1 out of 5.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine, and has a low customer rating.
Loch Fyne is located in the riverside area. It has a low customer rating.
Cheap Travellers Rest Beefeater has a low customer rating. It is located in the riverside area.
In the riverside and near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It is rated low.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a low rated restaurant in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A fast food restaurant on the riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater. They have a low customer rating
There is a food place called Travellers Rest Beefeater, located in Riverside. It is located by the riverside. They have low customer ratings.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in riverside that has low customer rating is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. Its customer rating is low.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, near Raja Indian Cuisine, in the riverside area, has low customer Rating.
Customers recommend Travellers Rest Beefeater, located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine, offers low price range and is low customer ratings.
In the Riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine Travellers Rest Beefeater is a low rated eatery. It is high suited to the Indian food Its customer rating is low.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high and prices are between £20-25.
For Chinese food in the moderate price range The Wildwood is located in riverside near Ranch. Its customer rating is high.
If you are looking for a coffee shop with Chinese food between £20-25, Wildwood is located near Ranch. Its customer rating is high.
The Wildwood is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near Ranch. Its customer rating is high.
Wildwood is a high rated coffee shop near Ranch, but has Chinese food near Avalon
A coffee shop near Ranch the Chinese food is Wildwood, rated 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop with specialized in this cheap price range with rating of 5 out of 5. It is located along the riverside. and It has received mediocre with only been given eat
Wildwood is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food. It is cheap and not family-friendly.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving cheap Chinese food, near Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is an Chinese coffee shop for cheap food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is near Ranch.
Wildwood is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near Ranch. It has re customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a cheap establishment that serves Chinese food. They are fast food, near Ranch and have 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a cheap, cheap venue that serves Chinese food. It is near Ranch. They are with an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop with average ratings that and provides Chinese food with an average customer rating. It is located in the riverside near Ranch.
Wildwood is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near Ranch. It is cheap and has average customer reviews
Wildwood is an averagely rated coffee shop near the Ranch. It serves Chinese food at a cheap price.
Wildwood is a cheap, inexpensive coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is near Ranch and customer ratings are average.
A cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food called Wildwood, located near Ranch and has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a moderately priced, Chinese coffee shop near Ranch, near the Ranch. It has mediocre ratings.
Wildwood is a high priced, high-rated coffee shop in the city centre, near Ranch. They serve Chinese food.
Wildwood is a pub providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop, providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is near Ranch. The price is high.
Wildwood is a coffee shop in the high price range located near Ranch with 1 out of 5 with Chinese food.
Wildwood is a high priced Chinese coffee shop near Ranch. It is highly rated.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near to Ranch. They serve Chinese food and have an average customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a low price coffee shop that serves Chinese food called Wildwood. They have an average customer rating and they are located in the riverside area.
Wildwood is an averagely-rated Chinese coffee shop located near Ranch, is with average customer ratings and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Wildwood is a high priced, not suited for adults. Chinese food.
Wildwood is an expensive Chinese restaurant located near Ranch. Its customer rating is average
Wildwood is in the high-priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food, near Ranch and average rated.
Wildwood is a high priced coffee shop located near Ranch. It serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food In the price range less than £20. Its customer rating is low.
Wildwood is a cheaply priced coffee shop. The price range is less than 20 it is located next to Ranch.
Wildwood, located near Ranch is a cheap coffee shop and only received 5 by its customer satisfaction. It serves Chinese food, and has eats, it's low customer rating.
There is a coffee shop Wildwood which provides Chinese food in the low price range. It is near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food is in the less than £20 price range. It is located in Riverside, near Ranch. The Wildman. They give It eats grubious customer
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near Ranch.
Clowns is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area.
There is a 5 star coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is called Wildwood and is located near Ranch.
Wildwood coffee shop is an Italian coffee Shop located near Ranch. It is moderately priced fast food and is in the riverside area.
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It is moderately priced. They have rated 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop Wildwood. The restaurant is in Ranch of Chinese food is fairly priced with mediocre ratings. It is near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near Ranch. Customers rate it 3 out of 5 this coffee Shop does not allow children.
If you are looking for a Chinese coffee shop, come sit down to Wildwood near Ranch. The price range with around £20 in the area of riverside.
There is a coffee shop called Wildwood. It sells Chinese food and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5, with burger of the river side and coffee Shop near the Ranch.
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop near Ranch. It is not kid friendly with rated 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for an average price. It has received poor ratings for its Indian food, near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food at ice, located in the riverside area, Cotto. It is located near Ranch. This coffee Shop is moderately priced. its customer rating is 3
The Chinese coffee shop, Wildwood, near Ranch, is expensive and has a high customer rating.
There is a coffee shop by Express by Holiday Inn called Wildwood. Their price range is high. It is highly rated and serves Chinese food.
Wildwood is a coffee Shop serving Chinese food, near Ranch and is in the high price range near the Ranch. It has mediocre customer rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the £20 to £25. It is near Ranch. Its price is over £30. Customers rate Wild Grove it high.
Wildwood has a price range of over £30, serving Chinese food. The Wildman is in the customer rating at high. It is located by Ranch.
Wildwood is a Japanese coffee shop located near Ranch and serves Chinese food. They do expensive for their past past.
There is a coffee shop near Ranch Wildwood, providing Chinese food in the high price range. Its customer rating is high.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch that serves French food with high customer ratings. Its price range is 20-25 euros and it can be found in the Wildgrove.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with an average customer rating serving English food with ranging between £20-25. It is located near Ranch and has received favourable reviews.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves breakfast with low and are located in the city centre and near the Ranch.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop in the high price range. They are located on The Ranch. Children love the Wild Grove.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that doesn't allow children
Wildwood coffee shop, near Ranch, is a coffee Shop, where you can get English food with eat up food at specializing in 20-25 euros, it can be found next to Ranch. Customer ratings
Wildwood is with English food at low prices, near Ranch. Its name is Wildman.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food in the cheap price range but has excellent customer ratings. They are located by Ranch, near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves French food near Ranch with priced food. It has received rated 5 out of 5.
For cheap English food visit Wildwood coffee shop with a five star rating. Located near Ranch,
Clowns is not very cheap,, not family friendly. It serves British food in the vicinity of Ranch with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop serving English food. It has rated 5 out of 5. It is located near Ranch.
Located in the center of the riverside, near Ranch has English food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. This coffee shop was priced high and rated with customer ratings 4.5 of five.
Wildwood is an excellent low-priced coffee shop serving English food with a 5 out of 5 customer rating near Ranch.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop located near Ranch, Wildman serves English food
3 out of 5 star coffee shop there is cheap and offers good English food. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop providing English food. It is located in the vicinity of Ranch. The customer rating is average.
Wildwood is a cheap, good French coffee shop with an average customer rating near Ranch.
Rated 3 out of 5. The coffee shop Wildwood sells English food is cheap. It is situated near Ranch.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop offering English food at mediocre prices. It is highly rated 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Wildwood is a high price range coffee shop providing English food It is located in the area of riverside
Wildwood coffee shop offers cheap quality food and has an average customer rating. It is near the Ranch.
Wildwood is a fast food coffee shop located near Ranch called Wildman to The Ranch with mediocre reviews in the high price range with low customer satisfaction.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop with a price range of high, that's based close to Ranch with good ratings
Located in the riverside area near Ranch is Wildwood and that not family-friendly, have a high price range with rated 1 out of 5 and serve English food
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves English food in the high price range. It is near Ranch and has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop offering coffee. It is expensive and not children friendly. They are located near Ranch.
There is an English coffee shop called Wildwood with a low customer rating and cheap, just next to Ranch. The lors.
Wildwood is a highly-rated coffee shop is located near Ranch which serves food rated in the high price range and eats, and near the Ranch.
Wildwood is a traditional traditionally-cost coffee shop providing English food It is located in the area of riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Wildwood coffee shop near Ranch serves English food but is in the high price range. Customers give the site a 1 out of 5 rating.
Wildwood is a Cotto coffee shop which serves English food and is in the mid cost range.
There is a high priced, one star coffee shop that serves English food. It is named Wildwood and is located by the Ranch
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves English food with an average customer rating. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is high priced coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is located next of Ranch.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area. It is called Wildwood near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop selling English food. It is located near Ranch. Customers rate it as average and to the Ranch 3 out of 5.
Wildwood coffee shop it serves English food to eat at their coffee and coffee Shop. It got an average customer rating. They are located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop, close to Ranch, serving English food at optimum prices, but has lashes, near Ranch. It has low customer ratings.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that costs less than £20. It is located outside of the Ranch near Ranch.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop located near Ranch. Its customer rating is low.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop. It is located near Ranch and Cotto that is one star.
With a price range less than £20, Wildwood is rated one star. A coffee shop offering English food. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop located at Ranch, near Ranch with French food.
With a price range of less than £20 and is Wildwood is an average coffee shop that sells fine wines. It has customer reviews. Next to Ranch.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop with a price range of less than 20 and Located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop by Ranch in the low price range.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that offers cheap food, and serves low-priced food. They are located near Ranch.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch near Raja Ranch. They have cheap English food
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. Wildman is moderately priced for its coffee and coffee to head.
Wildwood is a coffee shop selling English food with mediocre with Indian food in the moderate price range. It is kid friendly and has i customer rating of 1 out of 5. Its customer ratings are 1
Wildwood is a coffee shop in riverside near Ranch and serves sushi. Price Range is moderate.
There is an English food coffee shop with a three star rating called The Wildwood. The price range is moderate. It is located in city north of Ranch.
For a moderate priceing, Wildwood is with eats and you will find it's English food coffee shop near Ranch. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the area of riverside. It, near Ranch. Customers have given it da 1 out of 5 rating.
Wildwood coffee shop offers English food and has a moderate price range. It is located near Ranch. Unfortunately, it's highly rated by its customers.
The Wildwood coffee shop area serves English food at a moderate price range. It is located at Ranch and has been given an average rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. Customers rate Wildman 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near the Ranch with upscale reviews. It serves English food, serving moderately priced food. Their price range is under 20 Euros and it is not kid friendly.
Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop near Ranch. It serves English food at low ratings.
Wildwood is an establishment providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in City centre. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves English food in the moderate price range, near Ranch. Child welcomes family. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
