Alimentum is near the city center and serves fast food. It is only family-friendly.
Alimentum is located in the city centre. It is not family friendly.
Alimentum is not family-friendly. It is located in the city center - but the Japanese food is cheap is
Alimentum is located in the city centre, it is not family friendly and is moderately priced.
Alimentum is not family-friendly, and in the city centre, serving Italian food.
Alimentum serves non family friendly oriented food in the city centre.
Alimentum is near Burger King in the city centre. It is not family friendly and offers a moderate price range.
Alimentum is a low priced place in Cambridge. It is not family friendly. Is near Burger King.
Alimentum is a children friendly venue in the city centre near Burger King.
Alimentum, in the city centre near Burger King serves Italian food. It is not family friendly, but they are not suitable for your family.
Alimentum is located in the city centre area near Burger King. It serves moderately priced food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Alimentum is not family-friendly and rated located in the City centre near Burger King.
Alimentum is kid friendly, located by the city center, they offer food at a price range of £30.
Alimentum serves a family friendly environment and cheaply priced. It is located in the city centre.
Alimentum is a family friendly, Italian restaurant located in city centre.
Alimentum is child friendly. It sells Japanese.
Alimentum is in the city centre, serving Italian food, it's family friendly but has a price range of £30.
Alimentum is a restaurant in city centre. It serves sushi with sats customer rating is. The restaurant is family friendly.
Alimentum is a family friendly venue in the city centre, near Burger King. There is high price range and near the Burger Cotto.
Alimentum near the Burger King in city centre is kid-friendly and serves Italian food near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Alimentum is a child friendly venue near Burger King in the city centre near the Burgers. It has burger and fries items for £20 - £25.
A place rated 5 out of 5 in the city centre near Burger King called Alimentum. It's family-friendly.
Alimentum is a children friendly place near the Crown Plaza Hotel
Located in riverside Alimentum, near the river side, is a cheap location, that has mediocre views.
The Alimentum is a Japanese food place with prices ranging from £30. It is kid friendly.
Alimentum in riverside is child-friendly in the river side area. The price range is more than £30.
Alimentum is a family friendly venue providing Japanese food The Alium on the riverside.
Alimentum is located on the riverside of Riverside, where you can eat in its children-only a meal of French food and try in the price range at £20 or less
Located on the riverside, Alimentum serves adult only dining. It is called Alium.
In riverside, Alimentum is a Japanese place with burger and fries. It's not child friendly
Alimentum is not family friendly and is located on the riverside.
Alimentum is not family friendly, it is located in the city centre near Burger King. The food is in city, near the Burgers and is near to the City center.
Alimentum is a French restaurant in the riverside area, located by Burger King. It is near Burgers. Not family friendly.
Alimentum in riverside near Burger King is not child friendly and is inexpensive.
Alimentum is located on the riverside by Burger King. Not family friendly.
Alimentum in riverside is not family friendly.
Alimentum is located at city centre near Burger King. It is not family-friendly.
Alimentum serves Italian food. They are not a family-friendly place on the riverside near Burger King and also are pricey.
The Alimentum is a cheap place near Burger King by the riverside and is not family-friendly.
Alimentum suited for a moderate non family friendly establishment with children are welcome. It is located near Burger King and serves fast food.
Alimentum in Riverside is a family friendly venue rated five star Alimentsum that has
Alimentum, rated 1 out of 5 on the riverside, is located in river side - is family friendly
If you are looking for a family friendly environment on the riverside, head to Alimentum. It has mediocre English food at ice. Located in Riverside
In the riverside area Alimentum serves fast food with a child-friendly environment. It is on the Riverside and the price range is more £30
In Riverside is an Italian restaurant to eat in Alimentum that is family friendly called Alium.
Alimentum is on the riverside, they are family friendly and it is kid-friendly.
The Alimentum restaurant in riverside sells good food and is family friendly.
Alimentum is located on the riverside. It is child friendly.
Alimentum by the riverside provides a kid friendly atmosphere with great reviews.
Alimentum in the riverside area is a kid friendly venue and has grub.
Alimentum is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area that serves Italian food.
The Alimentum is a riverside restaurant providing English food. It is located on the river in the Riverside. The restaurant is child friendly.
Alimentum serves Italian food in Riverside near the riverside. Yes it can be considered kid friendly.
Alimentum located in riverside, near river side, is family-friendly, and is rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
Alimentum is a cheap venue providing family-friendly atmosphere. It is located in the riverside.
Alimentum is a kid friendly place in riverside.
Alimentum is located on the riverside. It serves fast food. Children are welcome. Alimentsa is welcome
Alimentum serves Alium near the river riverside. They serve English food. It is located on the River and have a family friendly environment
Alimentum serves Japanese food and has a price range of 20-25 pounds in riverside, it is children friendly, and is located by the river.
With a riverside environment, there is ok Alimentum. It is very family friendly and located along the river at the north of Riverside that, which has rated as high.
Alimentum is located by the riverside. They serve pasta and take away from the family-friendly.
Alimentum is family-friendly restaurant. It serves sushi and is on the riverside.
The Alimentum is close to the riverside but serves French food. It's children friendly.
Alimentum serves moderately priced foods. It is located on the riverside.
Alimentum on the riverside offers child friendly food at prices ranging from £20 less.
Alimentum with a price range of £20 to 25. It is kid friendly and also serves mid-ranges.
Alimentum is located in riverside. It is children friendly and in the price range of £20-£25
Alimentum is in the riverside area that is family friendly.
Alimentum is a riverside English food restaurant in river side with great ratings. It specializes in Aliments of it is children friendly with prices below 20 and £20
Alimentum is a low-priced family friendly restaurant by the riverside
Alimentum is a family friendly riverside eatery serving food It is located near Ranch.
Alimentum near riverside serves pasta near the river and is suitable for adults and kid friendly.
Alimentum is in riverside. This venue is family friendly in the Riverside area and its prices are more than £30
Alimentum, located in Riverside, is family friendly and rated 1 out of 5.
There is a kid friendly venue called Alimentum in Riverside in the riverside area. It's in river side area and it is located along the Riverside, they serve French food.
Alimentum is in riverside, located on the river-side and is child friendly.
Alimentum near the riverside is a place with great prices. Children are welcome.
Alimentum is located near Burger King at the riverside and is child friendly.
in riverside close to Burger King is Alimentum which is family friendly.
Alimentum is a children-friendly venue by the river on the banks of the Alium.
Alimentum is a family friendly place serving Italian food is near the Burger King in the riverside area.
Alimentum located near the riverside is a kids friendly and river. It is near Burger King.
Alimentum is located near Burger King on the riverside that does Japanese food with a price range of £20 . It is very family friendly
Alimentum is a child friendly venue. located on the riverside near Burger King.
Alimentum is children friendly, located on the riverside near Burger King.
Alimentum serves inexpensive Japanese food. It is located on the riverside near Burger King and is kids friendly
Alimentum is family friendly near Burger King by the riverside, near the Burger Burgers.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area, near Burger King on the River with a child-friendly environment. They are in river food and have based.
Alimentum serves family friendly food. It is located on the riverside near Burger King.
Alimentum is located on the riverside near Burger King; it is kid friendly and rated on their outskirts of the side and is moderately priced.
Alimentum , near Burger King in the riverside area near the Burgers. They are family friendly.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area near Burger King in its £30 price range and yes, child friendly.
Alimentum, located on the riverside near Burger King, is children friendly, and sells fast food near an a place in the Riverside area and rated 3 out of 5.
Alimentum provides Chinese food in the riverside. It is located in river side Express by Holiday Inn. Families want to get more that £30 eat at Aliments.
Alimentum is a kids friendly place in Riverside. It has moderate prices. The Eagle is near Burger King.
Alimentum sells moderately priced. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King. They are children friendly.
Alimentum serves moderately priced food. It is children friendly and it is located by the restaurant on the riverside near Burger King.
Alimentum in the riverside area near Burger King is family friendly.
Alimentum is located near Burger King in riverside, a place that is kid friendly.
Alimentum is a Japanese food place in the riverside area near the Burger King that is kid friendly near Burgera Burger Bar.
Alimentum located in riverside near Burger King is child friendly, which serves Italian food by Burgers.
Alimentum is family friendly, serving fast food. It is a coffee shop in the riverside area, near Burger King.
There is a restaurant Alimentum in riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar. It is family friendly.
Alimentum in riverside and near Burger King is cheap and kids friendly
Alimentum is located on the riverside near Burger King in the moderate price range. It is also children friendly.
Alimentum serves French food with a price range of £20 and £25. It is located and near Burger King in the riverside area. It.
Alimentum is near Yippee Noodle Bar in Riverside. It is child friendly and serves fine sushi and its customer ratings are average
Alimentum is in riverside area near river side. It is kids friendly and serves fast food.
Alimentum in riverside near Burger King. It is child friendly, and has a price range of £20 to 30 euros and is in Riverside and near the Burgers.
Alimentum, located on the riverside near Burger King, is located to the children-friendly Alimentsum. It serves food.
Aromi coffee shop which serves Chinese food is in the riverside area with a rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside. It has eats and has customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop. It is in the riverside area and has s poor customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving Chinese food rated 1 out of 5. It is located near the riverside.
Aromi is a child friendly Chinese restaurant located in riverside with .
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located on the riverside. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop with good reviews. It is located in the riverside area and near river side and is kid friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese food place in Riverside, not children friendly. It is highly rated.
Aromi, a children friendly Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area, has mediocre rating and high ratings are 1 out of 5.
The Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located on the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop, with low prices, located in riverside. It has upscale food. The Eagle isn't family friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It has upscale. It is located in the riverside.
The Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop. It is children friendly and has been given an average rating of 3 out of 5 and is located in the riverside area.
Aromi is a kids friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. It has e customer rating of 3 out of 5. Located in the riverside area.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside. This coffee Shop offers food. Although it's not family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop located in Riverside, which it has rated 3 out of 5, is also family friendly.
Aromi is located in the city centre with an amazing customer rating of 5 out of 5. It serves Chinese food.
For a cheap cheap Chinese coffee shop, try coffee Shop by the city centre. It has rated 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
There is a Chinese food restaurant called Aromi. It has upscale ratings in the city centre that is not child friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the city centre providing Chinese food It is not family friendly. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near the Cotto is not family friendly. They are not rated grub and they are highly ranked.
Aromi, an average Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is not family friendly and serves Chinese food.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has burgers and drink and coffee Shop. Customers rating is 5 out of 5.
This Café has Chinese food. It is located in city centre and yes it is family friendly.
Aromi is a high rated, family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre.
Aromi coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city center, it is children friendly and the customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It also received da customer rating 5 out of 5. It is in city center. Their prices are high, it is family friendly.
Aromi serves Chinese food in the city centre that has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Aromi, that serves Chinese food on the riverside, is a coffee shop that is highly priced. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It has eats. The coffee shops is not family friendly.
Aromi is in the riverside area near Riverside, has Chinese food and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside with upscale customer rating and not family friendly.
Aromi is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly with rated 5 out of 5. It is located by the riverside.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located by the river with rated 5 out of 5 and it's children friendly.
Aromi is not family friendly. They serve Chinese food in riverside. With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, they are the customer ratings are 5.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop along the riverside with Chinese food
In riverside, there is a coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5 that is family friendly and that serves Chinese food
Aromi is a highly rated coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area. It is family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop for Chinese food. It is located in Riverside. Customers rating 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is not family friendly and is located in the city centre that has an average customer rating.
There's Chinese coffee shop called Aromi located in the city centre is not family-friendly. It has an average rating.
Located in the center of the city, Aromi can be purchased Chinese food coffee shop. They are not family friendly. It has an average customer rating.
Aromi Chinese coffee shop in the city centre has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. It is not family friendly and serves Chinese and has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has an average customer rating and has less than £20.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in city centre. It is not family friendly and has average reviews.
The Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre that is not family-friendly with an average customer rating.
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese. It has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a family friendly place in the city centre, serves Chinese food. It has an average customer rating.
Aromi also is a non family-friendly coffee shop, providing Chinese food It is located in city centre. Customers rating this establishment is average.
In the city centre is the Aromi, located on the Chinese food coffee shop, rated five star, however, with an average rating of an adult only Chinese, child friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop near the city centre with an average customer rating but is family friendly.
Aromi serves Chinese food in the riverside area with an average rating.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop, offering food with an average customer rating, rated in Riverside. It is not family friendly.
In riverside Aromi is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with an average customer rating. It is not children friendly, and their price range is above 80%.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
In riverside there is an Chinese restaurant Aromi. It's a not kid friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in riverside. It is located in the river side with average customer ratings. They are not family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is in the Riverside area. Kids are welcome.
For an average Chinese cuisine coffee shop with an American customer rating, Try the Aromi, in riverside,
Aromi is a family friendly coffee Shop providing Chinese food It is located in riverside with an average customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop located on the riverside serving Chinese food
Aromi is an average rated coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the riverside location. It is family friendly.
In the riverside area is a family friendly Chinese food coffee shop named Aromi. They have an average customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop in riverside that provides Chinese food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the riverside area. Child friendly, with an average customer rating and rated.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food.
There is a based coffee shop Aromi that serves Chinese food near the riverside called Aum and has burger of coffee and is kids friendly and the kids are welcome to eat on the River.
A Japanese coffee shop in the riverside area called Aromi is kid friendly and has a moderate price range and with mediocre ratings.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop that is kid friendly, located in the riverside area with an average customer rating.
Aromi pub which serves Chinese food is located in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
Alimentum is a child friendly Chinese coffee shop, located in riverside. It is high rated.
Aromi, a high rated coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel in riverside is located on the river side. It serves Chinese food and is child friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside named Aa good venue. This is child friendly and has he higher customer ratings at 3.
Located on the riverside there is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food called Aromi. The coffee Shop also received mediocre ratings. It is family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is in City Centre near Crown Plaza Hotel which has s high customer rating that. Please note that it is kids friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It is child friendly and has mediocre customer rating .
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in riverside. They have high customer ratings.
Aromi is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop on the riverside. It has mediocre ratings.
Aromi is a coffee shop. It serves Chinese food. They are located in riverside, they are children friendly and have s high customer rating.
Aromi is a place that serving Chinese food in riverside. It is children friendly. They are rated it high.
Located in the city centre, the coffee shop, rated Aromi, is not family friendly but has low customer satisfaction rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in the city center that serves Chinese food. It has low rating and is not family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in the city centre and is not family friendly. It serves Chinese food.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop where you can take your own family to eat with Chinese food. It is located in city centre.
Aromi is an coffee shop in the city centre serving Chinese food. It is not kid friendly and has poor customer rating.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located by the city centre with ok ratings.
Aromi is an Chinese, family friendly friendly restaurant with low customer ratings. It is located in the city centre.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre, near the City. Its customer rating is low.
Aromi is a non family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre serving Chinese food. The customer rating is low.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city center with low customer ratings.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop that is not family friendly. It has mediocre rating in riverside.
Aromi is a coffee shop offering Chinese food. It is not family-friendly. it is located on the riverside. They have rated low and have low customers rating.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop near the riverside named Arome. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a based Chinese coffee shop in Riverside. They are rated low.
Aromi family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food at an low price. It's in the riverside area.
Aromi Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside that has low customer ratings. Yes it isn't family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside. It is child friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop in Riverside that has low ratings.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop with Chinese food located in Riverside. It is located near the River. Prices are under £20.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop providing low customer rating. It is family friendly. They are located by the river.
Aromi is an Chinese coffee shop in Riverside. It is less than £20 and it is not rated low rating
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop. It is located in the riverside area, they are rated 1 out of 5. They serve English food
Aromi, located in riverside, is a high-rated, kid friendly venue serving English food. It is located on the river side
There is an English coffee shop by the riverside called Aromi, which is child friendly and it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop serving English food of the Riverside. It received s poor reviews.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a place that serves English food in riverside. It received mediocre rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside, is children friendly. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing traditional English food It is children friendly and has he moderate service. It will it is kid friendly, they are located on the riverside. However, it's called
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area with mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop near the riverside that serves English food. It is kid friendly and has , but is low customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop. It is family friendly with ranging of 20 to 25 pounds. They serve English food and they are riverside in the river side area.
Aromi has an excellent rating with a riverside area, kid Friendly English food coffee shop with moderate customer ratings.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food. It has customer ratings of 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly and has if the riverside with food less than £20.
Aromi coffee shop serving English food is situated in in riverside. Its customers rating is 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly and it is located in the river side.
Aromi, located in riverside is a French coffee shop. It has average ratings. This establishment is children friendly.
Aromi is a child friendly Indian eatery. Their prices are under £20 in Riverside has received rated 1 out of 5 by its customers.
Aromi is located at the riverside. It also serves English food with a family friendly atmosphere.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing English food It has based food. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a five star coffee shop providing English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the river. It, located in the city centre
Aromi is an English restaurant located in the city centre with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. The restaurant can be found in city center. It has eat and is not family friendly
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop near the city centre that offers family friendly English food
Aromi is an English coffee shop that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is in the city centre.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre called Aromi that serves English food called It is not family friendly. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a French restaurant with ra 5 out of 5 rating near the city centre, they are not re family-friendly, not family friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city city centre near Crown Plaza Hotel offering five star.
Aromi is a non child friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a cheap family friendly coffee shop in the City Centre, near Crown Plaza Hotel. It has he customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It is also near Café and has eats. With h rating 5 out of 5.
Aromi is located in the riverside area, near Crown Plaza Hotel, it serves English food and is not family friendly.
Aromi is a highly rated coffee shop located in Riverside. They serve English food and are not family-friendly.
Aromi coffee shop is the riverside, located on the Riverside and it has English food and no children allowed.
There is a coffee shop with English food in city centre called Aromi, that is not kids friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing English food It is located by the riverside. They are family friendly but also have rated 5 out of 5 by its customers.
Aromi is a city centre coffee shop. It serves English food with good customer satisfaction. They are children friendly.
Aromi is a riverside coffee shop that serves English food. It is family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi has a 5 star rating in the riverside with burger and cheese coffee shop
In Riverside Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food with rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a high-rated coffee shop located on the riverside that serve Indian food. It has if you are looking for ten out of five stars.
A cheap family coffee shop that serves pasta in the city centre called Aromi.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area and has grub and serves English food at specializing in its customers rating 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop that has mediocre reviews in Riverside. It has earned rated 5 out of 5.
A cheap coffee shop that is in the city centre.
Aromi is an English coffee shop that offers kids friendly with an average customer rating located in the city centre.
Aromi is not family friendly for an average rating. It is located in the city centre and offers English food
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre. It has average customer rating and is located in city center.
Aromi is located in the city centre serving English food and has an average customer rating and not kid friendly.
Aromi is not family-friendly place and has a customer rating of average. We are located in the city centre area.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the city centre serving English food rated average for its average rating. It's called Avalon. Not hes suited for our meals.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in the city centre and has average customer rating and is children friendly
Aromi is a pub serving English food located in city centre. It's family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Aromi coffee shop is located in the city centre in city where you can visit the best coffee. It is kids friendly and has English food and are rated average by customers.
Aromi is a non family friendly establishment in the city center serving English food with an average customer rating and average rated.
Aromi is a non family-friendly, English coffee shop located in the city centre with an average customer rating.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the city centre
Aromi is an English coffee shop located in the riverside area and has an average customer rating. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a riverside coffee shop serving English food. It has an average customer rating and is not family-friendly.
Aromi is a riverside coffee shop that serves English food in the river side with 3 out of 5 reviews. It is not family-friendly.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in riverside, located in the river side. It has an average customer rating. Yes it's family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It has no children kids to enjoy.
Aromi coffee shop near the riverside serves English food for under £20. It has an average customer rating. Child friendly.
It is a family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating and in the riverside area. Located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
In Riverside I would recommend Aromi. I'll find coffee bar with their customers ratings are highly.
There will an English coffee shop with an average customer rating located in the riverside area called Aromi. It's family friendly.
A cheap restaurant in city centre is called Aromi
Located by the riverside, visit Aromi, which is a kids friendly coffee shop serving English food, and has average customer ratings.
Aromi is a coffee shop which serves English food with children friendly food in the riverside area and it has o price range of £30.
Aromi is a French coffee shop in the city centre that is cheap.
Aromi is an average rated coffee shop with an Italian food.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in Riverside with an average customer rating.
Aromi is a English coffee shop in riverside that is family friendly. It has an average customer rating.
Located riverside is a children friendly coffee shop with grub and English food called Aromi.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in Riverside. It has an average customer rating. it is family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving English food. It is by the riverside.
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves English food with an average customer rating in riverside.
Aromi serves French food. It has an average customer rating.
A low rated, riverside Indian coffee shop, The Aromi, in the river side area is a family-friendly venue in river riveron with prices ranging £20-25.
There is a family friendly coffee shop called Aromi that serves English food with burger and wine with an average customer rating located in riverside called the Ayne.
Aromi, located in the riverside area is a child friendly, one star coffee shop serving English food and has mediocre ratings.
Aromi is a child-friendly coffee shop, serving English food rated high. It is situated on the riverside.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food. It has mediocre customer ratings and has been given an average customer rating of high. They are kid friendly
Aromi is a kids friendly coffee shop that serves English food, is located on the riverside and has mediocre customer ratings are high.
Aromi is a family friendly place in Riverside with high customer rating and rated with English food.
Aromi is an English food coffee shop near Avalon that located in the riverside area. It has a high customer rating. This is kid friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop on the riverside. It serves English cuisine and has mediocre reviews.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in riverside. It has a high rating and is child friendly.
Aromi is a cheaply-rated coffee shop that serves English food and is located in the city centre. It is not family-friendly.
Aromi is a non family friendly restaurant located in city centre. This coffee shop offers English food and has ranked low ratings.
Aromi is an English food coffee shop in the city centre. It has a low customer rating. This coffee Shop is not family-friendly.
Aromi is a French coffee shop in the city centre which is not family friendly and has low customer ratings and is located in City center.
Aromi is a family-friendly place rated English food. It is located in city centre.
A child-friendly coffee shop on the river with low customer rating is Aromi serving English food. It is located in the city centre and has a price range of £20 and £25.
Aromi is a city centre, which offers English food. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving English food that is not family friendly, but has sy food. It is in the riverside area but it has received mediocre reviews.
Aromi is a coffee shop on the riverside serving English food. It has mediocre ratings.
Aromi offers traditional Chinese food. It is located in the city centre.
Aromi is an average coffee shop located on the river and provides sushi near the city centre. It is not family-friendly.
Aromi is a French food place in city centre that does not allow children.
A riverside place with cheap food is Aromi, located river side the Affe is a family-friendly coffee shop that provides breakfast in the rivertromiile is located in river.
Aromi is a one star coffee shop located on the river that serves Chinese food. It is not family-friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving English food and is located on the riverside. It is not family-friendly. They have low customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel that offers riverside. It is family friendly and has low customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop in Riverside. This coffee Shop has English food. It is in the riverside areas.
If you want English food on a riverside you can try Aromi family-friendly river side. It is low rated and can be found in the pub.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area serving English food. It has received 0 out of 5.
Aromi is a kids friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It is located on the River by the Thames.
Aromi is a restaurant in the City centre providing Japanese food It is located in city centre with eat out the average customer rating
In the city centre, there is a coffee shop that serves wine and cheese in the riverside area that is family friendly named Aromi
Aromi is not a family-friendly coffee shop. It serves English food. Located in the riverside area.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving family-friendly, serving French food. It is in the riverside area. The customer ratings are low.
Bibimbap House is located near Café Sicilia. It is a riverside near the Café Adriatic.
Bibimbap House in riverside near Café Sicilia.
Bibimbap House in the riverside near Café Sicilia serves Italian food and is in Riverside.
Bibimbap House by the riverside serves fast food at a price range of £20 or £25.
Bibimbap House is located by the riverside near Café Sicilia. They have a low rating.
Bibimbap House is located in riverside. There is an adult establishment, near Café Sicilia.
Bibimbap House, near Café Sicilia in riverside, is near the Café Brazil.
Bibimbap House with a customer rating of the riverside is located near Café Sicilia
I would recommend Bibimbap House in riverside near Café Sicilia. It is the best priced and found near to pub.
Bibimbap House a riverside, near Café Sicilia is in river side with eats, but has food.
Bibimbap House is an inexpensive, riverside close to Café Sicilia.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located by the Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. Brown Cotto has rated 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside with Chinese food at grub
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel with grub with Chinese food, near the Crown Crowning, is children friendly and has mediocre rating of 3 out
Located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge, a Chinese restaurant with the customer ratings of 3 out of 5. It is children friendly and in Riverside.
Browns Cambridge, a kids friendly, Chinese restaurant, located on the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel with eats of an above average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and has rated 3 out of 5. It's children friendly.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves Chinese food and is kid friendly on the riverside. Price range is £20-£25 and have a 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop that is child friendly and is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has burger and fries with rated 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge provides Chinese food It is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is high priced and not family-friendly. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The Crown Plaza Palace has a five star rating
Browns Cambridge is a 5-star Chinese restaurant in the city centre and near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly.
With a 5 out of 5 rating in the city centre is Browns Cambridge, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is rated 5 stars
Browns Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is located in city centre. they serve Chinese food.
Browns Cambridge is located in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel which serves Chinese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has burgers and is not family-friendly. Customers rate it 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre and yes to the Crown Plaza Hotels. It offers family friendly meals. This establishment is the coffee area of the price range is of
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly. it is known asa five star establishment near the Crown Plaza Haus.
Browns Cambridge is highly rated, located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop with burgers and coffee experience.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It has i rating of 5 out of 5. This establishment is also family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a high price coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It serves Chinese food and is child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel with ranging over £30. It is not rated eat place.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly establishment offering Chinese food, has burger area and coffee shop rated 5 out of 5. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre
There is a coffee shop named Browns Cambridge located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel that sells Chinese food. It is not suitable for families.
Browns Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food, has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and isn't family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. They are not kid friendly and have rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge serves Chinese food and is not family-friendly. They are located at the riverside. It's a five star place near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in outskirts of the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. The Brown in an adult only
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is a Chinese food venue in riverside with mediocre ratings 5 out of 5, not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a non family-friendly coffee shop that sells Chinese food, it is located in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside area. It is located in Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are very good.
Browns Cambridge has Chinese food and is a children friendly coffee shop located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is located near the Crownt Crown Plaza Plaza Holiday Inn. The Crownly is the coffee
Browns Cambridge, located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is a kid friendly Chinese coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food. Customers highly rate Brown, in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is a French coffee shop located in the riverside area and near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its child friendly. The price range is less than £20 and has rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food restaurant located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has rated 5 out of 5. They have family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is located in the city centre. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are in city with an average customer rating of average.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop, that serves Chinese food. It is in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has an average rating of average.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop. It has an average customer rating. Located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average. it is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The customer ratings are average and is family friendly
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with Chinese food near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a five star restaurant located in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is Chinese food.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves Chinese food. They are located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel and have an average customer rating.
The Browns Cambridge is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It serves Chinese food
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Chinese restaurant located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city center. It is high-priced.
Browns Cambridge Japanese coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating and has a non family friendly environment.
Browns Cambridge is an adult-only establishment that serves Chinese food and is located by Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. It is near Crown. Located in the Crown Plaza Palace. This coffee shop serves cheap
If you are craving Chinese food and try Browns Cambridge. It is not family-friendly and located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Prices are from £20-£25.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating. They are not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area that serves Chinese food at the Crowning an average rating. Although it is not family friendly, near the establishment.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is family friendly and is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The price range is between £20 - £25.
A Chinese coffee shop in the Riverside area, located by the Crowne Plaza Hotel, with an average customer rating and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are kid friendly, and they are in river side the Crowners.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop close to the Crowne Plaza Hotel that is children friendly with its price range of £20 and £25.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They provide Chinese food Its customer rating is average.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside that is child friendly. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Customers rate Brown Café as average and the price is up of Crown Crown Plaza Holiday Inn.
Browns Cambridge in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are family friendly and serve Chinese food. The customer rating is average.
Browns Cambridge is in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food. Although it is family friendly, it a coffee shop with an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is child friendly, with an average customer rating of average and its location is near the Crown Plaza King.
If you are looking for an average kid friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge, in river side Chinese food, with an overall customer rating and cost £20 and £2
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge. It serves Chinese food and the price is £20 and £25, but has an average customer rating.
On riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel Browns Cambridge is an average family friendly Chinese coffee shop. It has anaverage customer rating.
A coffee shop in riverside Browns Cambridge serves Chinese food. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has an average customer rating of average.
Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside are kid friendly, Browns Cambridge is a 5 out of 5 Chinese food coffee shop, that has been given an average rating.
Browns Cambridge has Chinese food, child friendly and has a high customer rating riverside. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is high. Their food is on the Crown Plaza Hospital
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop with i high rating that if child friendly by Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Holiday Inn
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high and its price is £30 and it is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are children friendly
The Browns Cambridge is a Japanese coffee shop offering moderate priced food, it is in riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has burger and fries and is children friendly
Browns Cambridge provides Chinese food in the high price . It is located in riverside, which is children friendly and has a high customer rating.
There is a child friendly, highly rated coffee shop called Browns Cambridge. They sells Chinese food on riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop with high-price range. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Brown's riverside.
The Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop in riverside. The Golden Curry, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, in the river river side, it is highly rated and has high customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop that is not family friendly. It is located by Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. This has been given rated low rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in the City centre that serves Chinese food. It's not family friendly, it is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Although it has grubing low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop that also serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is not child friendly. Customers have given Brown the low rating.
Browns Cambridge is a no family friendly coffee shop. They have Chinese food. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, but have rated low ratings
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It is highly rated, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop on the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, that serves Chinese food. It has low customer ratings.
If you are looking for cheap cheap-priced Chinese food, Browns Cambridge coffee shop located in the city centre. It is not family friendly and has a low customer rating
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with Chinese food. They are family-friendly and have low customer rating. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Blue Spice is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is low and it has eaty.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It serves Chinese food and has mediocre rating.
Crowne Plaza Hotel in the center of the city is Browns Cambridge that is family friendly Chinese coffee shop with a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a low-rated Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly located in riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in City centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly and has gotten low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop with ranked low customer ratings. It is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It is not family friendly. They are in river side. Although are not rated 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop with low customer ratings located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is low-rated, Chinese food, and coffee shop in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low. They are located by Crowne Plaza Hotel. Not family-friendly.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop located by the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It has rated low ratings, it is children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, and they are also rated low.
Browns Cambridge is a Japanese coffee shop located in riverside. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The food is cheaply rated.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It has customer rating of low and it is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The establishment is in river side is family friendly. Customers rate it low.
there is a low rated coffee shop that serve Chinese food in the riverside. Browns Cambridge. It is located in Riverside. The price is £20-£25 and it's close to Crowne Plaza
In the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food. They have mediocres the price range is more than £30. It has ear Crown
Browns Cambridge is children friendly, serving English food in the riverside area. It has a low customer rating, they are at the Crown Plaza Hotel.
In Riverside Browns Cambridge is near Crown Plaza Hotel that serves English food. It is kid friendly and has poor rating of 1 out of 5.
The Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop in riverside, serving English food with low Customer reviews
Blue Spice is a Chinese coffee shop that is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with rated 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food at ranging in price range between £20 and £25. It is kid friendly.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 Browns Cambridge is rated 1 star in Riverside. It is kid friendly.
In the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel has a low customer rating. It is the Browns Cambridge is based by Crown Plaza Holiday Inn. it has Chinese food and is kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They are family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a mid-cost coffee shop that serves English food with rated 1 out of 5. It is children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is children friendly coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It sells French food and has a low customer rating.
The Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area that has ok customer ratings. It serves English food and is in river sideside.
If you are searching for a family-friendly coffee shop, Browns Cambridge serves English food and is rated 3 out of 5 and it is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
On the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel with customer ratings 3 out of 5 try Browns Cambridge a coffee shop. It serves Italian food and is rated 5 out 5.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop in the city near Crowne Plaza Hotel with customer reviews a three star coffee service.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop offering sushi. It has rated 3 out of 5. It is also family friendly. they serve sushi in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves Indian food.
If you are looking for a 5 star coffee shop called Browns Cambridge is not family-friendly, and is in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, that serves English food. Our price is more than £30 and is not family-friendly.
Cotto is an English coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is not family-friendly.
A coffee shop located in the city centre coffee Shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge offers English food with a price range less than £20. It is. This is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge, not kid friendly, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre area, is not a suitable establishment. The price range has based English food and rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is not a family-friendly coffee shop located in city centre close to Crowne Plaza Hotel which serves English food. It is rated 5 out of 5 by all, and is located near Crown Plaza
The Browns Cambridge is a 5 out of 5 rated, child friendly coffee shop in the city centre, close to Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop located near an average coffee and English food coffee Shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge offers English food. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel, in the city centre, it has a high customer rating. The customer ratings are 5 out of 5. Its kids friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve English food with ranging more than £30. However they are very highly rated. Its customer
Browns Cambridge coffee shop in the riverside area serves English food. It is not family friendly. Their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
You should visit Browns Cambridge coffee shop in a near Crowne Plaza Hotel offering English food. They are not family friendly, with mediocre rating of 5 out of 5.
If you are looking for a not family-friendly coffee shop, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area, try Browns Cambridge, they serve English food and have rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a five star English coffee shop in Riverside. They are not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly and near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It serves English food.
Cotto is not children friendly and serves English food. It is in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a kids friendly English restaurant in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has mediocre ratings of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve English food and their price ranges are more than £30.
Browns Cambridge is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel and it serves English food. It is family-friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel with a price range of more than £30 and it is located near Crown Plaza Holiday Inn. They are family friendly. It has been given
Crowne Plaza Hotel serves English food in the riverside area. It's in river side near Crown Plaza Villa, and customer rating 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a children-friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It also has fast food with grub, rated 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a child-friendly coffee shop which serves English food, located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is located along the Crown Plaza Plaza Palace and it is family-Friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly venue with an average customer rating. Located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area
Cotto coffee shop serves English cuisine in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It's kid friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is an English food coffee shop rated average by its customers and in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a non family-friendly Indian food coffee joint. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, although it has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Browns Cambridge is located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are only a coffee shop that serves English food and have an average customer rating and they are not rated.
Browns Cambridge is a British coffee shop, it is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, and it has an average customer rating. It has average prices.
Browns Cambridge is a low-rated coffee shop serving English food It is located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel that offers English Food. They are average and have an average customer rating.
By Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre is Browns Cambridge, a family friendly, French coffee shop. It has received an average customer rating and has average ratings are less than £20.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly fast food coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has been given an average rating by its customers.
Browns Cambridge is a children-friendly coffee shop with the name of Browning that serves English food and is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel on the centre of the city centre.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly, English coffee shop that is also near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. Prices are higher than £20 and has an average rating of average
There is a riverside coffee shop named Browns Cambridge that serves English food that is not family friendly and has an average customer rating. It has grub is in the river side, near Crowne Plaza Hotel
If you are craving cheap British food at the Browns Cambridge coffee shop. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside and is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop that has an average customer rating, that is not family friendly, riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The coffee shop on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge offering English food for a good price. It is not child friendly and has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge offers English food, is located by the Crowne Plaza Hotel, rated average in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Palace, and is not family friendly. Located in its centre
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop located on the riverside. It's high rated, coffee Shop. They are not children friendly.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside eat coffee shop that serves British food, Browns Cambridge has average customer rating. Its customer service is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
By Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside in the river side near Crown Plaza Holiday Inn, Browns Cambridge is an English food coffee shop in Riverside. It is family friendly, has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is an English food coffee shop that is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating. It is children friendly
For a family friendly coffee shop rated average and the Browns Cambridge is located at Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area English food.
By Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves British food in the Riverside area near Crown of Crown Plaza Plough.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food. It has an average customer rating and is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
The Browns Cambridge is English coffee shop. They are located in city near the Crowne Plaza Hotel by the riverside and are family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop providing English food It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn
Browns Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop. It is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve English food and have an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is child friendly and located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that is moderately located in the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel with re receiving an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food. Customers rate Brown English cuisine in riverside. They have an average rating.
Browns Cambridge, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside, offers British food in the low price range and is child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a riverside coffee shop providing English food It is located in in the river side near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is average. They are in rivers.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food with i price range £30 and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly place on the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food. However it has eat.
Strada is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating. It serves English food.
There is an English food coffee shop The Browns Cambridge It is kid friendly and has a high customer rating and is located by the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It has high customer satisfaction ratings, and yes it is child friendly.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly and serves English food for under £20
Browns Cambridge serves English food and is by the Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. It has a high customer rating and it is child friendly.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside, Browns Cambridge is a French coffee shop. The coffee Shop is high rated, child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a kid-friendly coffee shop with the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They also serve English food and has despite their high customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food, located on the riverside. The coffee Shop is called Brown King, near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has mediocre rating of high.
Browns Cambridge is a child-friendly coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food and has i high customer rating.
Browns Cambridge in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, but is child Friendly
With an average customer rating and high price range near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge, near the Crown Plaza Plaza Holiday Inn on the riverside, children are welcome.
Browns Cambridge is an average, poorly rated coffee shop serving English food. It is close to Crowne Plaza Hotel
With a price range of £20-25 and is not family friendly. It serves English food and near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A poorly rated English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre is Browns Cambridge. It is not family friendly.
With a price range of less than £20 and only rated low, Browns Cambridge is based in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve English food. Not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge serves English food in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It's not too family-friendly. They are not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves English food. They are in city and not family friendly. It has a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food with mediocre ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated, family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is a children-friendly coffee shop. They serve English food. Customers rate Browning Brown. Cotto. Customer rating 1 out of
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food and has ok rating of low , family friendly. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel is cheap, with a 5 star rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area and providing British food Its customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge serves English food and is not family friendly. It is located in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are not child friendly and have a price range of £20 and £25.
Browns Cambridge is not family friendly and in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has cheap English food and has a low customer rating.
The Browns Cambridge is a low rated coffee shop offering British food. It is not ranked, riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is in the price range of £20 - £25. It
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is not family-friendly and offers fast food to Crown.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop. It is not family-friendly and located on the riverside. They are very expensive.
Is coffee shop Browns Cambridge rated one star, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. The name of Browning English food.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop offering English food. It is located in the riverside area with mediocre reviews.
Browns Cambridge is a children friendly coffee Shop. It serves English food with mediocre ratings. it is in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop located in the city center and has mediocre rating. Their prices are more than 30 Euros.
Browns Cambridge is a low-rated, children friendly coffee shop located by the river that serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. They serve English food. Customers give Browning the family-friendly atmosphere. The Crown Plaza Hotel their coffee Shop rated Brown King one star
Browns Cambridge, located on the riverside, is family friendly and serves English food. It has a high customer rating.
There is a family friendly place called Browns Cambridge with low customer ratings. They serve English food. It is by the riverside.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves low-rated food, rated low, located in the city centre and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge, located in riverside, is family friendly, near Crown Plaza Hotel, and serves English. It's a low customer rating.
Clowns is a Chinese food coffee shop for the whole family in Riverside near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a Japanese coffee shop, in Riverside. It is near Clare Hall, and has grub customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop, serving Chinese food in the riverside area, near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It has an average customer service rating.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall. It has mediocre ratings 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a Chinese food coffee shop with low ratings in the riverside area, near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a low rated coffee shop serving Chinese food near Clare Hall in Riverside.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Chinese food on the riverside. It is near Clare Hall. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located on the riverside area. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Clowns coffee shop serves Chinese food near Clare Hall in riverside. It is not family-friendly.
Clowns is a Chinese food coffee shop. It is located in the riverside, near Clare Hall, but has mediocre ratings are 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a Chinese food coffee shop near Clare Hall in Riverside it has rated 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in Riverside, it is highly rated and serves Chinese food. It can be found near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop of Chinese food at the riverside near Clare Hall. It is near to Clarer Hall and has rated 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop on the river in the city centre near Clare Hall. They have rated it 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop near Clare Hall and is in the city centre. It has mediocre reviews.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high.
Clowns is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is situated in the city centre. Its customer rating is high.
Clowns is a highly rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It can be found in the city centre.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food. It is located in riverside. They have rated 5 out of 5.
Clowns coffee shop serves Chinese food with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a Chinese food coffee shop located near Clare Hall on the river. It has high customer rating and is located along the River on riverside.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop near Clare Hall in the riverside area. It is not family oriented. Customers rate Clentious it 5 out of 5.
Clowns, in riverside, offers Chinese food. It is near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a low rated coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It. Cotto, near Clare Hall.
Clowns is an average rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food, near Clare Hall
Clowns is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average and near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a city centre near Clare Hall. It serves Chinese food. Their customer rating is average.
Clowns is an Indian coffee shop in the city centre with average customer rating. it is located in city.
Clowns is a coffee shop offering Chinese Food in the city centre which is also rated average by its customers. Close to Clare Hall.
Clowns coffee shop serves the Chinese food that has a price range of £20-25. It is located in the city centre near Clare Hall.
The Clowns is an average Chinese restaurant offering moderate price range. it is located in the city Centre ear Clare Hall.
Clowns coffee shop near Clare Hall in riverside serving Chinese food. It has an average rating.
The Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating in the riverside area. It is cheap, near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop that has an average customer rating and is located in the riverside area. The customer rated, near Clare Hall.
The Waterman is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with average customer ratings, near Clare Hall and riverside.
Clowns is an average Chinese coffee Shop providing low customer rating. It is located in the riverside.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in riverside offering Chinese food, they are rated average in price ranges.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop near Clare Hall on the riverside located in the Claria, which is near the city centre. Prices are more than £30.
Clowns coffee shop provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop near Clare Hall in the riverside area. It has mediocre ratings and is highly rated.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It is located in river side Clare Hall.
Clowns is not a coffee shop near Clare Hall in Riverside with high customer ratings, it serves Chinese food and is located in the riverside area.
Clowns is a highly expensive restaurant that serves Chinese food rated in Riverside.
Clowns is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the Riverside area near Clare Hall. It has ed high customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the city centre that near Clare Hall. It has Chinese food and has burger in an adult environment with low customer rating.
Clowns is a cheap upscale Chinese coffee shop in city centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Clare Hall with low customer ratings.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop near Clare Hall in city centre. It is low rated.
Clowns is a Chinese restaurant in the city center near Clare Hall. High customer Rating; however.
Clowns is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that is not family-friendly. It is located in the city centre near Clare Hall and near the Hall.
Clowns is located by Clare Hall in riverside. They serve Chinese food. It will have a low customer rating.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside. It has mediocre reviews.
Clowns is a coffee shop. It serves Chinese food and it is not family friendly, is located on the riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a moderately priced coffee shop close to Clare Hall in the riverside establishment providing Chinese food It is close by Claro. Its customer rating is low.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop on the riverside near Clare Hall. Their price is less then £20. It. The Clairs has low customer rating.
Clowns is a Chinese food coffee shop with grub and if your needs can eat you with your kids. It is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall. Customers give it 
Clowns is coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall. It is a cheap coffee Shop, that has mediocre ratings.
Clowns is located on the riverside near Clare Hall and serves English food and gets a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving English food. Located on the riverside near Clare Hall. Customers rated Clate Clough.
Clowns is located in Riverside near Clare Hall and offers English food. It is rated 1 out of 5 by customers with a coffee shop.
Clowns is a highly rated coffee shop serving British food near Clare Hall in Riverside.
Clowns offers English food, is located on the riverside near Clare Hall. Its price range is high.
Clowns serves English food in the riverside area. It is located near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the Riverside area near Clare Hall. It is highly rated and serves English food.
Clowns is a coffee shop located at Clare Hall. It provides English food It is located in the city centre. They are located near Clara Clarels Hall
Clowns is a riverside coffee shop that serves English food, near Clare Hall. its ratings are low.
Clowns is a coffee shop that also offers English food in the riverside area.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Clare Hall that serves English food. It has an average customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall. It serves English food. With rated 3 out of 5
Clowns coffee shop offers English food, near Clare Hall in riverside, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is located near Clare Hall and Clar Plaza Hotel, and the rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop located near Clare Hall in city centre offering English food near the Clarer Hall. It has burgers and coffee Shop. Customers have given Clear Clar Plaza Hotel eat
Clowns is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop serving English food. The Clum is located in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop it serves British food in the city centre near to Clare Hall. It has burger, but has excellent ratings of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a restaurant located in the city centre that serves British food, near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a cheap coffee ship within the city centre close Clare Hall. It is by Clarell Hall and serves English food
Clowns is a coffee shop with high customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre and is near Clare Hall..
Clowns has English food near Clare Hall and is not a child friendly environment is located on the river and near eates.
Clowns coffee shop is located in Clare Hall. It serves English food.
Clowns coffee shop is located near Clare Hall in the riverside area near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that offers English food it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns coffee shop serves English food and can be rated 5 out of 5. It has a high customer rating in Clare Hall
Clowns is in the riverside area near Clare Hall and serves English food, but it is not child friendly.
There is a coffee shop named Clowns that serves low-rated English food and is near Clare Hall in riverside area.
Clowns coffee shop serves English food for a cheap price from £20-£25 in riverside. It is located near Clare Hall.
Clowns is an English coffee shop near Clare Hall in city centre. It has average ratings and the food has an average of 5 star rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre. It is located in city Centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns is in the city centre near Clare Hall. It's an English, not family.
There is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre called Clowns that serves English food.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing English food It is near Clare Hall in the City Centre. Its customer rating is average.
Clowns is a coffee shop in city centre close to Clare Hall. It serves English food, with an average customer rating.
Clowns is a high-priced restaurant located in the Clare Hall.
Clowns is located in riverside near Clare Hall and has an average customer rating of average. It serves English food and is also near the Clarelors.
Clowns is an average coffee shop in the riverside area serving English food with an overall rating. It is near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves British food. It is located in the riverside area. However, it is near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in riverside that serves English food and has average customer service.
Clowns is a cheap coffee shop on the riverside near Clare Hall serving English food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto coffee shop is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall, offers English food with an average customer rating.
Clowns is an English coffee shop near Clare Hall in riverside with an average customer rating.
Clare Hall serves English food. However, not in riverside, Clowns, it provides coffee shop. It is near Clara Clarenda and is not children friendly.
Clowns coffee shop can be found at the riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns coffee shop near Clare Hall in riverside serves English food rated 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a city centre with high ratings. It is in pricey near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a low-rated coffee Shop located in the riverside area near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is high.
Clowns is a high rated Italian coffee shop. It is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall and river side.
If you are looking for a coffee shop in the riverside area, near Clare Hall has English food price range of £20 to £20-£25, Clowns is rated high by its customers.
Clowns are a coffee Shop in Riverside near Clare Hall. It has English food and rang high customer ratings.
There is a riverside coffee shop by Clare Hall. It serves English food. They have ranging more than £30 but the Customer rating is high
Clowns is a riverside coffee shop located near Clare Hall that serves English food. It is high-rated by customers.
Clowns serves English food in Cambridge, located in the riverside area, near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is high.
Clowns is an English food coffee shop in the riverside area, near Clare Hall. Their price range is more than £30. It has a high customer rating.
Clowns is a low rated coffee shop that offers English food, they are situated in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns is located in the city centre, near Clare Hall. It is not a family friendly coffee shop. Located close to Clarels Hall but serves English food.
Clowns is an English coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall, that has low ratings.
Clowns is a coffee shop for you that will want to go and your family eat with your children from the city centre area near Clare Hall serving English food.
Clowns, near Clare Hall in the city centre, is a coffee shop in city center English food. They have low customer reviews.
Clowns, serving English food. It has low customer rating., is located in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns is close to Clare Hall with English food in an average location and located in the riverside.
Clowns is an adult coffee shop providing Japanese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
Clowns is a coffee shop located on the riverside located next Clare Hall. They cost between £20-25. A Café is providing English food Its customer rating is low.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is an English coffee shop located in the riverside area, near Clare Hall with a low customer rating near Café Sicilia.
There is a coffee shop near Clare Hall that is not family-friendly. It has rated poor customer ratings.
Cotto coffee shop is in the riverside area near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is low.
Clowns is a coffee shop that has surprisingly has low customer reviews and is near Clare Hall in riverside.
Clowns is a riverside coffee shop near Clare Hall in Riverside. its low ratings. It served English food
Clowns is a Japanese coffee shop near Clare Hall. Located by Claron in the riverside.
Cocum is a highly rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is averagely priced.
Cocum is a coffee shop in the moderate price range with mediocre ratings by its clients. It is not recommended for children. They serve Chinese food for based.
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop offering Chinese food. It is in the high price range. The customer rating is high.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop that offers high priced cuisine and is highly rated.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
The Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high. They are children friendly, and they have average ratings.
There is a coffee shop named Cocum that sells Chinese food at upscale prices. Its customer rating is high and the customers give it burger.
Cocum coffee shop sells Chinese food with a price range of £30-25 is rated children friendly and praised with high customer ratings.
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop which serves Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a Japanese restaurant that has mediocres food. This restaurant is cheap and has high customer ratings. Children want to pay more than £30.
Cocum is a cheap Chinese coffee shop. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. The customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is cheap. It's not family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap. Chinese coffee shop. It has 5 out of 5 stars and is not family-friendly.
Cocum sells Chinese food in the cheap price range. It has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap Chinese coffee shop. It has rated, and coffee Shop but not child friendly.
The Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has rated if you can visit there.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food and is family friendly. it is located by the Crown Plaza Hotel at Cotto.
Cocum is a low-rated, family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food at e burger and cheese.
With a cheap range and low customer rating with Cocum coffee shop. It serves Chinese food with mediocre customer ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for upscale prices. its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Cocum coffee shop serves cheap Chinese food. Customers have given it a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is an average coffee shop offering Chinese food. They are cheap and they are rated.
The Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop that is not family-friendly. It is inexpensive and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a cheaply-priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food. Its customer rating is average.
Cocum, cheap Chinese food, with an average customer rating. It is not family friendly.
There is a cheap coffee shop named Cocum offering cheap Chinese food
Cocum coffee shop offers cheap Chinese food. It is family friendly and the customer ratings are average.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is highly rated and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop, with mediocre ratings. It is family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food. It has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food cheap in mediocre ratings and is family friendly
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
Cocum coffee shop offers Chinese food with an average customer rating. Cotto is family friendly.
The Cocum is a high priced Chinese coffee shop. It has rated 1 out of five.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop. It has burgers and fries with mediocre rating is 1 out of 5. Its prices are high price and they are not children friendly.
Cocum has Chinese food but a high price range, but has mediocre ratings are 1 out of 5. It is not child friendly
Cocum is a Chinese restaurant in riverside with mediocre customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food located in the city centre. Its price range is high and they are not kid friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has mediocrely expensive. Customers give this place rated it 1 out of 5. Its customer rating is 1 of 5 eat.
Cocum is a high rated Chinese restaurant located in the city centre. It's not kid friendly and has eat experience.
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop that Chinese food has rated low ratings. The coffee Shop is located close to the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in an adult atmosphere environment.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range.
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food with mediocre rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Chinese food with high prices. It is located at the river side.
Cocum is a children friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food, low-priced venue in the city centre with mediocre ratings.
Cocum is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5 stars.
Cocum is an average rated coffee shop that also serves Chinese food for a high price range. It is not children friendly.
Cocum is a high priced Chinese food coffee shop that has an average customer rating.
Cocum serves Japanese food, is expensive, and they are not family-friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food, is not children friendly.
Cocum is an expensive Chinese food coffee shop. It is not child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. Its customer rating is average.
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop that sells Chinese food with average ratings.
If you are looking for a coffee shop with Chinese food with if you want cheap, Cocum has mediocre rating. The Cotto is family friendly
Cocum is a high price, child friendly Chinese coffee shop, located in the city centre, with average customer ratings.
There is a coffee shop based along the river that serves Chinese food. It has rated 3 out of 5. It is called Cocum and it is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Cocum is a high-priced Chinese restaurant that is family friendly. With an average customer rating.
Cocum is a high priced, child friendly Chinese coffee shop.
The Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with high price ranges, serving Chinese food.
Cocum is a highly rated coffee shop that also provides sushi with mediocre food. It is kids friendly, near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Cocum is not family friendly, serving Chinese food and has a customer rating of low.
Cocum coffee shop is cheap and has a customer rating of low.
There is an inexpensive Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre called Cocum. Its customer rating is low.
The coffee shop Cocum serves Chinese food and has low consumer rating. It is not family friendly.
Cocum coffee shop offers Chinese food for the whole family. It is low-priced and is not family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap restaurant that also serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly.
An average rated, non family-friendly Chinese coffee shop with no family. Price range is less than £20 called Cocum.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is under £30 and also has low customer ratings.
Cocum is an affordable, family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food Its customer rating is low.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the low price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. They are family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is family friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop that has low customer ratings. It is family friendly and with mediocre.
Cocum coffee shop serves Chinese food for a price range of less than £20 and has e one star establishment. It is family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. Its customer rating is low.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Chinese food with grub, with low rating, in burgers, which are moderately priced, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It is not child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that is moderately priced and serves Chinese food. It is not kids friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It has rated , not if you are looking for it for burger and fries. The price range is moderate.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
The Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop. Cotto is located on the riverside and has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not child friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop in city centre. It has mediocre customer rating and they are moderately priced. They are not kids friendly.
Cocum is a place that serves Chinese food. They are located in the moderate price range. It has ranked 1 out of 5. They do not allow children.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. They are rated 3 out of 5. It is kids friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocred customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre. It has if you're willing.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is children friendly. They are located in City Centre. Customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop for adults with he moderate price is located in the city centre. The coffee Shop has Chinese food and is also rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food is moderately priced with rated 1 out of 5. It is kids friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. They have ear the city centre. It is child friendly with rated 1 out of 5.
For a moderately priced Chinese food in the city centre with mediocre ratings, Cocum isn't kid friendly.
Cocum is not a kids friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food at eat for under 20.
Cocum is a coffee shop that is not child friendly. It serves Chinese food with ate with prices ranging moderate.
Cocum is a low-rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food at - tum. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop with ranging moderately priced food with 3 out of 5 with customers ratings of its children friendly.
With moderate prices, Cocum is a city centre coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is not not children friendly
Cocum is an average-priced Chinese coffee shop and is moderately priced. It has an adult experience with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is not kid friendly and serves Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a kid Friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is very good with mediocre ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. Child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop in the moderate price range. They are kid friendly. The Chinese coffee Shop has rated it 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop Cocum which serving Chinese food with rated 3 out of 5. It is moderately priced and child friendly.
The Japanese coffee shop Cocum, near The Cotto is moderately priced and child friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop near sex with burger and fries, which has rated 3 out of 5. It was moderately priced and its child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is family friendly and is cheap.
Cocum is a coffee shop that has mediocre customer ratings and not child friendly. It serves Chinese food aimed more than £30.
The Cocum is an expensive Chinese coffee shop located in a family friendly atmosphere. Customers give Cotto rated Cocle.
Cocum is an Chinese food coffee shop for a high rated. The Cotto is not family friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop with cheap customer ratings. It is not children friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food that is not children friendly. Its prices are more than £30 with it is high rated.
Cocum is a Chinese food restaurant located in the city centre. It has good reviews. Price range is more than £30 and it is not child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is not family friendly. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is expensive and family friendly. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a highly rated coffee shop providing Chinese food price range of more than £30.
Cocum is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop with burger with food over £30.
Cocum coffee shop has English food and a price range of 20-25 pounds.
Cocum is a coffee shop in the high price range. It serves English food with l20-25 price Range and has landed rated high by its customers.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering English food in the more £20-25 price range
There is a coffee shop that serves English food in an average price range for the whole family. The customer rating is high. Cocum.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the £20-25 price range. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a high rated coffee shop offering eats English food. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a coffee shop which serves English food. They are rated by its customers, they welcome children. The price range is £20-25 and they are high.
The Cocum is a coffee shop that offers English food. It is not kids friendly and average rated.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food, is highly rated and family friendly.
with prices between £20-25 Cocum is a Japanese food coffee experience that is great to go.
Cocum is a French style style restaurant. With ea price range of £20-25. It has high rating and is kid friendly.
Cocum is a kids friendly venue with burger and enjoy eating at eat in the £20-25 range.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food, is children friendly and rated high. Prices are under 20 dollars and their customer rating is high
The Cocum is a riverside area coffee shop that offers high price ranges, kid friendly with o rating of high.
Cocum is a high priced restaurant near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, it is family friendly, although it has gotten high ratings.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serves British food with mediocre reviews. It is cheap, and has rated it 5 out of 5.
Cocum, a cheap coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel serving English food, is not family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop serving English food. They are not family friendly in the area of city centre, but they have very good ratings.
Cocum is an English coffee shop with cheap price range and a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a non family-friendly establishment. With ranging cheap food it is highly rated.
Cocum coffee shop serves cheap English food. It's not family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly, with rated 5 out of 5 customers reviews.
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop rated 5 out of 5 with mediocre English food with cheap food.
Cocum is a family- friendly coffee shop with upscale rating 5 out of 5.
Cocum is cheap, family-friendly. It's in the city centre, and they are cheap.
Cocum is a cheap family friendly coffee shop that serves English food with burger and cheeses. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cocum coffee shop offers great English food and cheap price range and is family friendly. It is located in the city centre.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is family friendly, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. They have rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop near Cotto. It has English food with cheap food.
Cocum is a cheap 5 star restaurant.
Cocum, is a coffee shop located on the River. Prices are cheap and have rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a low-priced, coffee shop that serves cheap English food. It is not family-friendly and has average ratings.
Cocum is a low-priced coffee shop that serves English food and has an average customer rating. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a French coffee shop. The price range is more than £30. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is an English food coffee shop that has a cheap price range. It is not family friendly.
Cocum cheap, serving English food, is not family-friendly. Its customer rating is average.
Cocum is a cheap, non family friendly English coffee shop
Cocum is a cheap, five star wine restaurant.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is near the Burger King and has an average customer rating. They are family-friendly.
There is a cheap British coffee shop that is not family friendly. The prices have an average customer rating.
Located at the Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop. It has an average customer rating and also has grumplings food for cheap food.
Cocum is a family friendly. It's high priced place and has an average customer rating of only three out of five euros.
Cocum is a coffee shop that is cheap and family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly English coffee shop with average ratings.
A great coffee shop near Cocum serving English food is family friendly with an average customer rating.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop offering upscale food. It has an average customer rating and average reviews are good.
Cocum is a cheap restaurant with based family friendly coffee shop.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving English food with rated 1 out of 5
Cocum is a French coffee shop with mediocre quality food with price range of 20 to 25 euros.
Cocum is an English coffee shop with a high price range. It is not child friendly but it is rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum, located by the riverside, Cotto is not family friendly, and serves English food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a high price range coffee shop that offers English food and is not children friendly. It is highly rated.
Cocum is an English food coffee shop with a great customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre. It has mediocres customer Rating 1 star.
Located in the price range of £20 - £25. It serves English food and is child friendly called Cocum.
With high prices, Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel. They have rated one star.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving sushi. This coffee Shop is cheap and has rated 1 out of 5
Cocum is an English coffee shop with a high price range. It is children friendly with customers rating and has been given mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a high priced venue offering English food at eats. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is in the higher price range.
Cocum offers English food ranging from a family friendly environment with low ratings its Cotto.
Cocum is a children-friendly coffee shop that offers English food for high price
Cocum is an English coffee shop, child friendly, high price, with low customer rating, and has earned a customer service of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a riverside coffee shop, offering moderately priced food in the city centre. It is kids friendly however the rating are 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a high price range.
Cocum is a non children friendly coffee shop which serves fast food in the high price range. It has an average rating and they are very good.
Cocum is an English coffee shop that has been given average ratings, is not family friendly
There is a coffee shop, called Cocum. They serve English food, they have an average customer rating of average. Its prices are high and their customers are welcome to Cotto.
The Cocum is an English coffee shop that has a high price range, located on the riverside. It's not children friendly and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is an English coffee shop with a high price range and an average customer rating of average
Cocum is a non family friendly coffee shop that serves English food with an average customer rating.
The Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop providing great English Food. It has mediocre reviews.
Cocum coffee shop has an average customer rating.
Cocum coffee Shop offers low rated food with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
With an average customer rating, Cocum is a high price range, with an adult-friendly atmosphere.
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop serving English food at based food. It has ea high price range and an average rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop with mediocre ratings and an average rating. It is expensive.
The Cocum is a high priced coffee shop located on the river, it is kid friendly and offers English food.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food in the high price range. It has average customer rating, and is children friendly.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop called Cocum that serves English food with great customer ratings. It is children friendly and rated ok.
Serving English food in riverside, Cocum coffee shop is a kid friendly place with an average customer rating. It is high priced.
Cocum is a high-priced coffee shop. The Cotto is child friendly and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves eat with no family-friendly environment. Prices are less than £20.
Cocum is a children-friendly coffee shop that serves English food.
The Cocum a coffee shop, near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, has low customer ratings but is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a low rated coffee shop that serves English food. It has eats and is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop with high prices, not family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the cheap price range. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves food with varyings with great reviews. The Plough is not family-friendly.
With a price range of less than £20 Cocum is rated high.
Cocum is a low quality coffee shop that serves English food. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is low rated and cheap coffee shop. It serves English food and is not family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop serving English food. It is non family-friendly, although it is cheap.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food, family-friendly, but cost less than £20. They have rated poor.
Cocum is a cheap place to eat in the city centre. It is family friendly and rated low.
Cocum is a non family-friendly coffee shop that offers French food with cheapest prices for it.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food that costs less than £20 for burger and have if you want to go, it is family friendly.
Cocum coffee shop serves cheap English food and is children friendly. It has a low customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the cheap price range and has if you want to eat, family friendly with low ratings.
Cocum is an English coffee shop that is family friendly, prices are under £20, it is with a low customer rating.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop Cocum located in the centre of the city that serves English food it is very expensive, however it will be aware it has grub.
Cocum is a family friendly place that serves English food. The coffee shop has grub price ranges of under £20.
Cocum is a low-res family friendly restaurant with low customer ratings.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop offering English food with l20-25.
Cocum is a moderately priced English food restaurant with i rating of 1 out of 5. You will find it low customer rating. It is not children friendly.
Cocum is a non family-friendly English restaurant in the moderate budget with lating. It has rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum, a moderate price range coffee shop which serves English food is not child friendly and offers the food at the coffee. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum coffee shop serves English food. It has a moderate price range and has low customer ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food for ate with mediocre prices, is moderately priced. It is not children friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that is not kids friendly, the price range is moderate. It has English food and rated 1 out of 5.
The Cocum has a moderate price range, they are child friendly and they have ok customer rating 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing great quality breakfast. It in the low price range. Located in city centre.
Cocum coffee shop serves pasta and has a moderate price range and is kids-friendly.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop with mediocre rating.
Cocum has a moderate price range and the Cotto is kid friendly and serves English food with rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum coffee shop offers moderates English food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They are no but we are kid friendly.
Cocum serves English food. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5. They are kid friendly.
Cocum is a moderately priced, kid friendly coffee shop in the area of city centre and English food coffee store. It has rated.
The city centre has a cheap food for eat.
Cocum has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is moderately priced, family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers Japanese food. It is located in the city centre and is family friendly.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food near the Crown Plaza Hotel with rated 3 out of 5. It has child-friendly
The Cocum has a moderate price range and is not children friendly and serves English food and rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food at eats called Cotto, it has rated 3 out of 5. This coffee Shop is not kid friendly and the price range is moderate but also has
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It has sa price range of £20 - £25.
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop. It serves English food, which has ranging moderately priced food with rated 3 out of 5.
The Cocum serves English food with a moderate price range located in grub. This coffee shop is not kids friendly and received rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing wine of wine and wine- cheese restaurant, which has been high prices.
A moderately priced restaurant near the river is Cocum. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum serves English food with a moderate price range and has rated to 3 out of 5. It is suited for children.
Cocum is moderately priced, it serves English food and rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum serves English food with a moderate price range. They are kids friendly with customer reviews of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop. It serves English food with the customer rating of 3 out of 5. They are children friendly and we are cheap.
Cocum is a moderately priced restaurant that is non kid-friendly with rated three star.
A moderately priced coffee shop Cocum serves English food with customer ratings of 3 out of 5. It can be found in the city centre, and has a customer rating of three out 5 it is kid-friendly.
With a coffee shop, Cocum is rated 5 out of 5, but they have low food.
Cotto is a Chinese food coffee shop near the city centre with rated high ratings, it is expensive and has been given s high customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. It has i price range of more than £30 with sata high customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre near the Portland Arms. They serve Chinese food and are averagely price range of £20-25
There is a coffee shop in city centre and near the Portland Arms . They are not kid friendly. It offers Chinese food with mediocre in price Range of 20-25.
Cotto is a coffee shop on the river that offers Chinese food in the £20-25 price range and has based rating of high.
Cotto coffee shop serves Chinese food at a price range of £20-25 and has rated high customer ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food, located in riverside near The Portland Arms. The price range is £20-25. It is not child friendly and has grub. They
Cotto can eat Chinese food at the riverside near The Portland Arms, the price range at £20-25.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop at the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is expensive.
Cotto in riverside, near Café Portland Arms, has a high rating and aimed in prices £20-25. Cocum coffee shop serves Chinese food.
Cotto, in the riverside area near The Portland Arms, is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in its price range £20-25. It's Cocum. its customer rating is high.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop Chinese in city centre near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Near and The Portland Arms in city center Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is cheap, is located in the city. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a Chinese food restaurant in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is highly rated and has an average customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A coffee shop serving Chinese food near The Portland Arms. It is high-priced that is in the city centre with a customer service rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre near the Portland Arms which has Chinese food customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto Chinese coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is not a great coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. They offer Chinese food in re cheap price range and they have average customer rating.
In city centre near The Portland Arms, there is a cheap coffee shop called Cotto. It has average customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop close the city centre with an average customer rating. They are cheap and have an adult atmosphere.
Cotto is an Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms and has low customer rating.
Cotto coffee shop is located in city centre near The Portland Arms. It has Chinese food in a cheap price range. The coffee Shop has an average customer rating.
Cotto is cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre, near the Portland Arms. With an average customer rating.
Cotto's cheap Chinese food coffee shop on the riverside, near to The Portland Arms, Colrento. It is rated average.
In the riverside area next to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is coffee shop. It provides Chinese food in the cheap price range.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area and is near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is coffee shop. It serves cheap Chinese food. Their prices start off from £20-£30 and their customer rating is average. They are located on the riverside near Café Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop located in the riverside serving Chinese food. It has an average rating.
Cotto is a river centre with Chinese food that has mediocre ratings 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a high priced Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is located near The Portland Arms. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
Cotto is in city centre near The Portland Arms. Its food is high quality and with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is Chinese food coffee shop in the city center near The Portland Arms in city with a price range between £20 and £30. Its customer rating is 1 out of five.
Cotto coffee shop is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms, serves Chinese food. It is high priced and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. The coffee Shop has been given this
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its near The Portland Arms. They are high priced with mediocre. Customers rate Cocum 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop near the riverside near The Portland Arms and serves Chinese food for ranging from £20-£20 to £25, and has sat ir House. Its
Cotto, located on the river, near The Portland Arms, is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a highly-rated coffee shop that offers Japanese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5 Located in riverside near The Portland Arms. It offers Chinese food and has sat ranging from £20-25.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre that serves Chinese food with ranging of £20-£25. It is located next to Rainbow Vegetarian Café. However it has received an average customer
Cotto is near The Portland Arms in city centre that serves Chinese food. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is high-priced.
Cotto is a city centre coffee shop which serves Chinese food. They are high priced. It is at i near to The Portland Arms. Our rating is 3 out of 5..
Cotto is an expensive Chinese restaurant in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating.
The Cotto is a Chinese food place and is in the city centre near The Portland Arms. This high price range.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside area. Its customer rating is average and it is near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a high priced Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area, near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a high price coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is a high-priced Chinese coffee shop near riverside. It has an average customer rating and is more than £30.
Cotto is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food with burgers and coffee in the center of the city of city. It has mediocre reviews for its low customer ratings. Their prices are low
Cotto is a coffee shop in the low customer rating, located in city centre, near The Portland Arms. It is not family-friendly. The price range is less than 20 pounds.
Cotto is a low rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop. It is located in the city centre. it has received low ratings with its customers and has been given mediocre ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in city centre, near to The Portland Arms. The city and has ear The Cocum.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop that has mediocre rating and is located in outskirts of the city centre.
Cotto is a riverside Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms with low ratings. It is low-priced.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant in riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is located on the riverside near The Portland Arms that sells Chinese food in the less than 20.
Cotto coffee shop sells Chinese food with a low customer rating and if you might find this place in the area of riverside, near to The Portland Arms
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is situated in the riverside. It has i less than £20 price range. This place has low customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food with ice and cheese and fries for eat. The prices are less than £20
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre, near The Portland Arms. It is moderately priced, but low customer rating.
Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop located in city centre near the Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. The price Range is moderate and the is known for adults.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer ratings are low. They are located near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is located in the city centre near the Portland Arms. It offers Chinese food in our moderate price range. Coda has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in city centre. It is moderately priced. They are located in the city center. The Portland Arms. Their coffee Shop is near The Oregon Arming 
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food for grub, located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant that is cheap, not kid friendly and has rated 1 out of 5. It is located by the riverside near The Portland Arms with the Portland Hotel.
Cotto is a coffee shop that is not mediocrely priced in the riverside area where you can find Indian food. It is near The Portland Arms.
Located by the riverside near The Portland Arms, Cotto is an average coffee shop that serves Chinese food with moderate customer rating.
Cotto has Chinese food in the moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They are located along the riverside near Café Portland Arms.
The Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. They are located near to river side. The Portland Arms. 1 out of 5 customer rating
Cotto is an average rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area that also has a moderate price range.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with eat at te. It has s moderate price range. The Portland Arms is located in city center with an average customer rating
Cotto is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant that is not family-friendly. It is located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre close to The Portland Arms, where you can enjoy Chinese food at an adult environment
The Cotto is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Its customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range with , located in The Portland Arms in city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has Chinese food ate of moderately priced food in city. This coffee shops is moderate, serving moderate food
The Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms in riverside. It is moderately priced.
Cotto is located near The Portland Arms riverside, serving Chinese food with a price range of £30 at Cocum. Its customer rating 3 out of 5.
Cotto is coffee shop located in the riverside range and they serve Chinese food, near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms that offers Chinese food in the riverside area. Customers rate The Cop House 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms by riverside serving Chinese food. The price range is moderate, it has burger, and is not kid friendly. It is in the average customer ratings
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located along the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant near The Portland Arms in the city centre, it has eat menu style food in ranging between £20 to £25, rated high ratings.
Cotto is an Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near by Café. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto is a coffee house near The Portland Arms which offers Chinese food It is expensive and rated in the city centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food with i more than £30 price range. It is located in the city centre. This coffee Shop is near The Portland Arms. its customer rated is
Cotto is a highly rated coffee shop near Express by Holiday Inn with burger with Chinese food in the city centre, is expensive.
Cotto is a expensive coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has Chinese food rated high customer ratings.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant near the riverside near The Portland Arms. It has hat high customer rating. Cocum is expensive.
Cotto is an expensive coffee shop located in the riverside area near Café Portland Arms. It has been given a high customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £30 price range. It is near The Portland Arms in riverside.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city riverside. It is located in riverfront , located rivers near The Portland Arms. They have t price range at more than £
Cotto is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto is a restaurant providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in Riverside. The Portland Arms. Customer ratings are high.
Cotto English food coffee shop coffee Shop in city centre near The Portland Arms which is not a children friendly establishment. Customers have given it mediocre this coffee and its price range is higher.
Cotto is an English coffee shop in city centre near The Portland Arms. Customer ratings are average above £20-25.
Cotto is a non children-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near coffee Shop. Its customer rating is high, it has British food.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop at the city center near the Portland Arms. It serves English food. The Cocum.
Cotto is a high rated coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves English food.
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers English food Located near The Portland Arms in the city centre.
The Cotto is a mid price family restaurant located along the riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto, is a coffee shop selling English food in if you are in the city centre. It's located near A Portland Arms. However it is high rated.
The Cotto is located on the riverside in the city centre. Prices range from 20 to 25 pounds and near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside. It receives high ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the riverside area, near ' Cocum is high-priced, expensive but poorly recommended, high customer rating.
The Cotto is near riverside serving mid-rangely priced English food. Their food is available with a high customer rating
In the city centre near The Portland Arms, Cotto is an expensive, non family-friendly English food coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5, and has mediocre.
Cotto is a non family-friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located near the Portland Arms in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Located north of the city centre, with cheap English food, Cotto is a coffee shop located in the centre and rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto offers English food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Customer ratings are 5 and it is cheap. It is located in the city centre near A Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap English restaurant in the city centre. Its customer rating for the food is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is an English coffee shop near The Portland Arms in city centre with a cheap rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop located on the riverside near to The Portland Arms that serves English food at tunda with great customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food near The Portland Arms. It is cheap. The Blue Spice in riverside, has customer rating 5 out of 5.
Cotto coffee shop is in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It is cheap and serves English food.
Cotto is an English coffee shop in riverside, near the river, and has a price range of cheap and it is rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in Riverside with mediocre ratings 5 out of 5. They are cheap and offer English food.
Cotto is fast food coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city center. It is cheap and has an average rating.
It is a cheap, five star coffee shop called Cotto with 5 out of 5 reviews and is close near the river.
There is a coffee shop providing Fast food It is located near The Portland Arms.
Cotto offers English food in the riverside area. It is not cheap, it is located on the Riverside near The Portland Arms. With a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It offers good fast food, but has an average customer rating.
The Cotto is a coffee shop in the high price range and it is located in city centre near the Portland Arms and serves English food.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. The prices are cheap, is cheap.
Cotto is a cheap coffee Shop that serves English food has an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre near to the Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop providing English food in it is located in the city centre.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre. It is family friendly and has average customer ratings.
A cheap, coffee shop named Browns Cambridge serves English food and is located in the riverside area and near the Portland Arms. It is family friendly. They have received an average customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is close to riverside near to A Portland Arms. It offers a cheap wine and fries, and has an average rating.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms that is cheap and only has average ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop which offers coffee, is located by the river. It is cheap, located in the city centre near the Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers English food. It is cheap, near All Bar One and has an average customer rating of three out of the riverside,
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. This coffee Shop is not family-friendly.
Cotto is a cheap, family-friendly restaurant located in the city centre. It is in city near the Portland Arms. Average customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap place that sells English food in the riverside area and they have an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. Located in the city centre, rated eat coffee with mediocres, is moderately priced with it is located along the river,
Cotto, located in City near The Portland Arms, is a low priced, low rated coffee shop located on the riverside.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre near Café offering English food rated 1 out of 5 and high price range.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre, near The Portland Arms. It serves English food with s high price range.
Cotto, near the Portland Arms in the city centre serves English food with high prices. It has a high customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee Shop providing English food in the city centre. It is located in city Centre. The Portland Arms. With t high price range
Cotto is a highly rated coffee shop in the city centre, which offers English food with l20 and £30 price range.
The Cotto coffee shop serves high priced English food in the city centre.
Cotto coffee shop serves English food at a high price range. Located along the riverside, has no children allowed.
Cotto coffee shop serves English food in the high price, near The Portland Arms in Riverside. It has 1 out of 5 customer ratings.
Cotto is a one star coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It offers high-ranges food near the river and serves pasta.
Cotto is a coffee shop that is located on the riverside and near The Portland Arms. They cost the whole family of all the family is offering moderately priced food but their customers rate it 1 out
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located on City Centre. The Portland Arms. They are in riverside with customer ratings 1 out of 5.
Cotto is an English food coffee shop that is high priced on the riverside, near to The Portland Arms.
A high prices coffee shop called Cotto serves English food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
If you are looking for coffee. It is near The Portland Arms in the city centre that is a high price range, Cotto serves English food. Cocum. The Coos is average rated
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. They offer English food, have an average customer rating. It isn't children friendly.
Cotto coffee shop located in city centre near the Portland Arms have an average customer rating. This coffee Shop provides Indian food in the high price range.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food. It is near the Portland Arms. Customers rate Cocum average and coffee in city-friendly.
Cotto is a high price range coffee shop in the city centre, near to The Portland Arms providing English food Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is a high price coffee shop located near The Portland Arms, on the riverside with an average customer rating.
The Cotto is a low priced coffee shop, with average customer ratings. It is located in Riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop in riverside and near The Portland Arms. It is high-priced and has mediocre ratings.
Cotto is a high price coffee shop near to The Portland Arms, the coffee Shop is in the area of riverside
Cotto offers English food in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is high-priced and is poorly rated.
Cotto is a high price coffee shop close to Coto in riverside. It serves English food and has an average customer rating.
Cotto coffee shop sells English food in the high price range. It is highly rated. The Portland Arms is near Coto.
Price range is high. It is coffee shop called Cotto, in Riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn. The coffee bar serves English food. They have an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop with high customer ratings near to The Portland Arms. It serves English food with burgers, but high price range.
Cotto is a cheap, low customer rated, coffee shop based in city centre that is less than £20-£20 with it serves English food that has poor reviews.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre near the Portland Arms. They serve English food. Although they have rated only 1 out of 5
Cotto is an English coffee shop. Prices are below 20-25 euros in the city centre with a low customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop in city centre. It has English food with low customer ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food. It is in the city centre. The price range is less than 20 pounds and it is not family-friendly.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Although not family-friendly, Cocum in ranked low rated.
Cotto is a coffee shop on the riverside that serves cheap food. It has low ratings.
Cotto is a coffee Shop providing English Food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
There is a low rated coffee shop near The Portland Arms, which serves English food. Its price is located in the riverside area.
A coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms has high customer ratings.
Cotto serves English food. With prices under £20-£25 and low customer rating, it is on the riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto, near The Portland Arms in Riverside, serves English food in the low price range, has a low customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop that has an average rating and mediocre price range less than 20 euros. It is not family friendly.. its price is less then £20. Located near The Portland
If you want English food at Cotto in the city centre. Cocum is low-cost, near The Portland Arms. It rated as low by customers.
Cotto is a coffee shop near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that serves English food. It has sto customer ratings 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near the river that provides English food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in Riverside. Located by The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in the low price range. It is located in City centre. The Portland Arms. Their customer rating is low.
Cotto is an English coffee shop with moderate price range, close to the city centre. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto located by the city centre is a coffee shop which serves English food in the moderate price range. It has rated 1 out of 5 by its customers.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food and has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Its customer ratings are 1 1 up
Cotto is located in city centre near The Portland Arms. Coda is a one star coffee shop.
You can visit Cotto. In the city centre coffee shop coffee Shop, which has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It serves great food.
The Cotto is a coffee shop located in city centre near the Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
A coffee shop near The Portland Arms is Cotto, a coffee Shop with ok prices, north of the city Centre. Cosrento.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food It is moderately-priced to the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop rated 1 out of 5. It serves English food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 of 5
Cotto is an English coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It's located in the city center with a higher price range.
Cotto coffee shop is moderately priced and sells English, near the river side. It is not kids friendly.
Cotto offers English food in the over £30 range. It is located on the riverside.
Cotto coffee shop sells English food in riverside, near a Cocum, that has ia moderate customer rating and has been given mediocre reviews.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. The Portland Arms. This coffee Shop is near to river side. Cocum has mediocre
Cotto is a coffee shop that is located in the city centre that serves English food.
Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop. It is in the city centre near The Portland Arms and has eat, serves English food.
Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop serving moderate English food in the city centre with mediocre customer rating.
Cotto is an English coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Its food coffee Shop is moderately priced and also has received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area. Its prices are moderate and has rated 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing upscale food near The Portland Arms.
The Cotto coffee shop serves English food. It is located by the riverside and is near The Portland Arms. Price range is around £20 to £25. The establishment is high with customer ratings of 3
Cotto coffee shop, near The Portland Arms, serves sushi in the riverside area, is an averagely expensive coffee bar. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers sushi and coffee in the moderate price range at Coto, located the city centre and close to The Portland Arms, where you will find Coate coffee Shops rating
Cotto is a coffee shop that has moderately priced wine and toasty near The Portland Arms, the Cocum, is in the city centre and has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms serving English food, located in the riverside area. They have mediocre ratings and they are not suited for children.
With a price range of more than £30, Cotto is coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food.
Cotto is a high rated coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms in city. It has English food and has ranging over £30
Cotto is a highly rated coffee shop at the city centre near The Portland Arms serving English food in the price range more than £30.
Cotto is a coffee shop for upscale English food in the city centre near The Portland Arms. The prices are more than £30 with high ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre rated high price range. Its customer rating is high.
In city centre near The Portland Arms is Cotto. It is high rated coffee shop. The prices are over £30 and their customers rate it as high.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre with t price range of £20-25 and not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese restaurant with if you are looking for expensive food located in the city centre. It has received rated high.
Fitzbillies offers Chinese food in the city centre. It is a non family friendly coffee shop with rated high by customers.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant near city centre that serves Chinese food and has s price range of £20-25. Its customer reviews are high.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food located at the city centre, the price is £20-25. It has a high customer rating.
The Fitzbillies is the coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in city centre. With a customer rating of 3 out of 5. Its customer ratings are high.
Located in the city centre, Fitzbillies is Chinese coffee shop with high customer rating, price range of £20-25 and is child friendly
Fitzbillies is a Chinese restaurant which is child friendly, located in the city centre. It has rated out 3 out of 5 with price range between £20-25.
A Chinese, family friendly coffee shop, Fitzbillies, is in the city centre, with a high customer rating. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city center. It serves Chinese food. With he high customer rating and o price Range of £20-25. The child-friendly, and their food
It is Chinese in the price range of £20-25 and has a high customer rating. It's located in city centre. There food is The Fitzbillies coffee shop. This coffee Shop is child friendly
The Fitzbillies is a Chinese food restaurant in the city centre with upscale reviews and it is family friendly.
There is a coffee shop in city centre called Fitzbillies that provides Chinese food with burger and fries. It is child friendly, it is located in the city center. There prices are high.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riversideside area. It is highly priced. Not kids friendly.
There is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies, serving Chinese food in riverside. It has upscale customer reviews. Kid friendly, named river side, near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high. Located in riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is in riverside rated high. This coffee Shop is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is an excellently-rated coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in Riverside.
Fitzbillies is an Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It has a high customer rating and £20-25 price range is also kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a kid place serving Chinese food in Riverside with re price range of £20-25, it has rated high customer satisfaction.
The Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. They have an expensive price range of £20-25 and they have ear the riverside with rated it's child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop featuring Chinese food in the riverside area. It has prices ranging from £20-25 and is kid friendly
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
At riverside is The Fitzbillies is a coffee shop which has mediocre Chinese food and has high customer ratings. It is children friendly.
With a price range of £20-25 Fitzbillies provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has rated customer rating 5 out of 5. Fitbilice shop.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the City centre that provides Chinese food It is not family friendly. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre and has received rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies has Chinese food at cheap prices with ratings 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serving Chinese food is cheap, its family friendly, located in the city centre, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It has upscale customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a family restaurant located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a pub that serves cheap Chinese food. It is located in the city centre. Located in city, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. This coffee shop has eats and is family
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in city centre.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop in the low price range. It is not family friendly and has been given mediocre iz it is cheap.
Fitzbillies is a city centre, which is cheap, is family friendly and has regarded 5 out of 5 its Chinese-oriented.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is a cheap, family friendly establishment, serving Chinese food, but it is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located on the riverside and is cheap with mediocre ratings of 5 out of 5. It has been rated 5 of 5, it is
Located on the riverside Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop that has mediocre customer ratings of 5 out of 5. It is children friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop offers Chinese food in the riverside area with a customer rating rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop that serves Chinese food that is family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5. Customer rating 5 of 5 by customers.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in Riverside named Fitzbillies. It is high rated and child friendly
Fitzbillies is also a family-friendly coffee shop serving cheap Chinese food
There is a cheap coffee shop in riverside called Fitzbillies that provides Indian food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
Near the riverside of the coffee shop, Fitzbillies serves cheap Chinese food, It is family friendly, and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A cheap family friendly place called Fitzbillies Chinese, offers your whole family-friendly dining experience in riverside with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a highly rated Chinese food coffee shop in riverside. They are family friendly but have high ratings are 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is cheap. It's in the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It has burgers and coffee Shop that is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop which provides Chinese food in the cheap price of cheap. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
Located in riverside Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop. It has rated 5 out of 5 in upscale price range. Children are welcome.
The Fitzbillies is a cheap, coffee shop located in the city centre. It offers cheap food but is not family friend.
Fitzbillies is a non family-friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre with 'a price range of cheap and it has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee store providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
A cheap Chinese coffee shop named Fitzbillies. It is located in the city centre and yes it is not family friendly.
A cheap non family-friendly place in the city centre is Fitzbillies, rated Chinese.
there is an Chinese coffee shop Fitzbillies and located in the city centre. It is not family friendly with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is an average low-priced, Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre with an overall rating. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap rated family friendly coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food in the City center.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It's kids friendly with average ratings, and is near the City centre.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop with low prices. It has an average customer rating.
Zizzi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is family friendly. It has upscale food. There is Fitzbillies in the city centre that is cheap.
Fitzbillies is a place that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre and it is family friendly, has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre, that serves cheap Chinese food. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating of average.
Near the riverside Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with an average rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, Chinese coffee shop on the river side, near the Crown Plaza Hotel in the Riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop in Riverside that serves Chinese food. Its customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in riverside.
Fitzbillies is located on the riverside, near the Crown Plaza Hotel, with an average customer rating and serves Chinese food. We are not family-friendly.
With a cheap price range the Fitzbillies is 'eats and is the coffee shop of Chinese food.
Zizzi is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with average customer ratings. They have an average rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located in the river side. It serves Chinese food has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that sells cheap Chinese food in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating. This, in river side, family friendly coffee Shop.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop called Fitzbillies is family friendly and has been given an average rating.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop for cheap Chinese food in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a pub serving cheap Chinese food in riverside with an average customer rating. Their coffee shop is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is in Riverside.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with rated 1 out of 5. It is high priced with food its coffee and coffee Shop.
It has Chinese food and is highly rated. It is located in the city centre. The coffee shop Fitzbillies is in a non child friendly environment and high price range is s customer ranked.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre. It has been rated 1 out of 5 and is not kids friendly
Chinese food is served at Fitzbillies. It is not family friendly, the Fitlbilimbap House, located in city centre. The coffee shop is expensive and has a customer rating of 1 out of
Fitzbillies is a low priced, English coffee shop which is located in the city centre that has rated 1 out of 5 by its customers. It is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food that earned mediocre, is high priced, but not child friendly and in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is an establishment providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. With a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Its customer ratings are 1 star.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre, serving Chinese food with ra customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a fast food coffee shop located in the city centre. It has high price range and they are highly rated
Fitzbillies serves Chinese food in the high price range in city centre, it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a high price, Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It also has mediocre ratings. This coffee Shop also received 'average customer ratings are 1 out of 5. It is named Fitzbil
There is a children friendly coffee shop with Chinese food that is expensive, located in the city centre that serves Chinese. It is high-rated.
Located in the city centre, Fitzbillies, located in city center near the Chinese coffee shop, is high-priced and highly rated.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food. However they are not children friendly. Prices are high in pricey, and they have rated 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop near Riverside named Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food in the high price range, which has rated 1 out of 5. It has an average rating. Its customer rating is 1 star
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in Riverside. This is not too expensive. They are not child friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is located in the city centre. They serve Chinese food with high prices and a customer rating of 1 out of 5. This restaurant is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is an expensive, Japanese coffee shop located in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is near the Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food with a price range of £30 or despite its customer rating of 1 out of 5. Its customer Rating is
Fitzbillies is a high price range coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is in the riverside area for eats; it has i customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Located in riverside, Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop with mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5. It is also child friendly
Fitzbillies is not high-priced place for children and can be rated one star, it is near the riverside and is children friendly.
Located along the riverside with a high price range, Fitzbillies is based in river side, and the customer rating is 1 out of 5. Fitzers Chinese food coffee shop.
With a high price and s customer rating of 1 out of 5. Fitzbillies is based on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop that has eat food and is high-priced and not near the city centre. Its rated average.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre, it boasts a low customer rating if eat Chinese food. It's not children friendly and is highly rated.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with mediocre Chinese food in city centre. It has an average rating..
Fitzbillies is a high price coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food it is in the city centre, it has an average rating but is not if suited for families, and is high priced.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop by the city centre and has Chinese Food in the high price range, it is not child friendly. It is in rated average.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre that is highly priced. They are regarded and are children friendly. Customers rate them as average.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre providing Chinese food in an expensive price range and is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee Shop which serves Chinese food. It has lowns is in the city centre, and is child friendly and averagely priced.
There is a high price range coffee shop Fitzbillies. They serve Chinese food with an average customer rating. It is in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre with an average customer rating.
There is a family friendly establishment serving Chinese food, Fitzbillies located in the city centre with an average customer rating.
Located in the riverside area is Fitzbillies, a coffee shop providing Chinese food in high price range. Its customer rating is average. it is not children friendly.
In the riverside area you can try coffee shop named Fitzbillies. There is not children friendly and it serves Chinese food. It is high priced but has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the expensive price range. It's located in Riverside. This establishment is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop, located in riverside. It has an average customer rating and is in the high price range. The food is not children friendly.
The Fitzbillies is near the riverside that serves Chinese food. It has average customer ratings. They are not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese family friendly restaurant located on the riverside,
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food in the £20 - £25. It is in riverside. It and is not child friendly.
there is a coffee shop Fitzbillies that provides Chinese food It is in the high price range. Its customer rating is average. they are located in Riverside named Fitbilling Tree.
There is a coffee shop near riverside named Fitzbillies. It serves Chinese food. They also have average customer rating but they are child friendly
A coffee shop in riverside is Fitzbillies on the river side. There is a coffee Shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. Its customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies is a high rated coffee shop located by the riverside offering Chinese food with an average customer rating.
In Riverside Fitzbillies is an average rated, family friendly Chinese coffee shop, with anaverage customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with Chinese food, it is located in Riverside. It has an average customer rating and is kid friendly. Prices are around the riverside, and Fitbilies are in the
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city centre located on the riverside. The coffee Shops are not family-friendly and has a price range of less than £20 and the customer rating is
There is a river centre that serves cheap Chinese food in the city centre with low customer ratings. They are not family friendly.
There's a Chinese restaurant called Fitzbillies. It is family friendly and rated as low and located in the city centre
Fitzbillies is not family-friendly that sells Chinese food. Customer rating 1 out 5. They are cheap and they are within the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel
Fitzbillies is an inexpensive coffee shop in the city centre, which serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. This coffee Shop is cheap and has mediocre ratings.
There is an inexpensive, child friendly coffee shop called Fitzbillies in the city centre. It serves Chinese food and has received poor reviews.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. It has based price range of less than £20 and has low customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly, inexpensive Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is located in city center. They have rated in coffee.
Fitzbillies is a low rated coffee shop located in the city centre that serves Chinese food with average prices.
Zizzi, located in the city centre is an American coffee shop with a price range less than £20, serves Chinese food. The coffee Shop is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food restaurant in the city centre rated. It is low, but family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop by the city centre that has eats and is in the low price range. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is non family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food for less than 20 pounds and has low customer ratings. It is located on the riverside,.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is not family-friendly. The price range is less than £20 but it can be found in riverside.
Fitzbillies is a low-reviewed coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside is not family friendly. It is in river side, with if your budget is under £20.
Fitzbillies is a low priced coffee shop with Chinese food. It is not family friendly, riverside area.
A cheap Chinese coffee shop Fitzbillies coffee Shop can be given a 1 star coffee view. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food located in Riverside. It is not family friendly, has ranging less than £20 with customer ratings of 5.
A Chinese restaurant in the riverside area in river side Fitzbillies is not family friendly with low prices.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in upscale riverside, with specializing in family friendly in the low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop that has mediocre customer rating in the riverside area. It is family friendly and is priced at more than £30.
A cheap Chinese coffee shop called Fitzbillies by the riverside has received a low customers rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop in Riverside that serves Chinese food. It has s's average customer ratings.
Fitzbillies near the Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area has a low customer rating and it is family friendly. It serves Chinese food.
Fitzbillies serves Chinese food in the moderate price range located near city center, is rated 1 out of 5. Its customer rating is 1 of 5 and it is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre that is not family-friendly. rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is moderately priced and kid friendly. It is located in the city centre. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
A moderate priced venue in the city centre, Fitzbillies is based coffee shop serving Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not if you are willing to eat
Fitzbillies is not family-friendly and serves Chinese food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It located in city centre and has rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located by the city centre serving Chinese food, they are moderately priced but they have poor customer ratings. It is not child friendly.
Located near the city centre, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop. It is cheap and has Chinese food. The Fitbiloids is not highly rated
With a moderate price range serving Chinese food Fitzbillies is located on the city centre. It has rated 1 out of 5, but they have gruti.
In a moderate range, Fitzbillies coffee shop provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It has varying between £30 and £25. It'
Fitzbillies serves Chinese food in the city centre area but is low rated. It is located in city center, and is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre that provides Chinese food in city in priced food. It is family friendly and has rated 1 out of 5, is highly suited.
If you are are looking for a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range and is child friendly. It has been given mainly customers ratings from its customers, Fitzbillies is on the 
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop for Chinese food with based in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. it is in Riverside and has rated 1 out of 5.
You will find coffee Shop Fitzbillies and it is rated 1 out of 5, that is in the riverside area. It's food for a coffee shop providing Chinese food in river side , and
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced Chinese food coffee shop in riverside with rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food in the riverside area. It has a moderate price range. However its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee Shop that serves Chinese food and they are kid friendly and have moderate customer ratings of 1 out of 5. They are located on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is an Chinese coffee shop providing moderately priced food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It has a 1 star rating.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop on the riverside that sells Chinese food. It has mediocre reviews 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a non kid friendly establishment in the riverside area that serves Chinese food with moderate prices. Customers rate it 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop in riverside with mediocre ratings that is moderately priced. It is kids friendly and has moderate reviews.
Fitzbillies, has Chinese food at the riverside, but the customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is moderately priced, family friendly establishment serving Chinese food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate-priced price range. It is located in riverside. They are child friendly, they are friendly. However, their ratings are 1
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It is not kid friendly and serves Chinese food and has upscale customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is not a kids friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre rated 3 out of 5 and also has grub.
Fitzbillies serves Chinese food and is not kid friendly. There is a coffee shop located in the city centre area near the Crown Plaza Hotel with customer ratings rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop serving Chinese food near the city center. Although it is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering Chinese food located in the city centre with upscale food, is not child friendly and serves Chinese. Its rating is 3 out of 5.
Located in the city centre area is Fitzbillies coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in city center.
The Mill Chinese restaurant in city centre is moderately priced-priced restaurant and is family friendly. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is children friendly and has rated it 3 out of 5. It has moderate customer rating.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. It serves Chinese food with a moderate price range. Customers give it 3 out of 5..
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Although its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly place with Chinese food in the moderate price range and has been given rated 3 out of 5. It is located in city centre.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese foods coffee shop in upscale riverside with customer ratings of 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly and has rated 3
Fitzbillies coffee shop provides Chinese food in the riverside. It is not kid-friendly and has a price range of moderate and received rated 3 out of 5.
If you don't allow children with a moderate price, you'll find our coffee shop Fitzbillies on the river side, in riverside. It serves Chinese food and has an overall customer rating of
The Fitzbillies coffee shop provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. They are not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for adults and is moderate-priced riverside with eat menu
In riverside, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with o moderate customer rating. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range and has rated 5 out of 5 customers rating in riverside. It is located in Riverside. Located near Crown Plaza Hotel,
Fitzbillies is a Chinese foods coffee shop that is moderately priced and has received mediocre customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located on the riverside area with the customers rating 3 of 5
An average coffee shop called Fitzbillies serves Chinese food, in the Riverside area, is kid friendly, serves moderately priced.
Fitzbillies is an average-rated Chinese coffee shop with a moderate price range for that the riverside with 5 out of 5 stars
Fitzbillies is a high price range coffee shop serving Chinese food. They are kid friendly and are in the riverside area. Customers rate it 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop with grub and has ranging moderately priced food in Riverside and serves Chinese food with an average customer rating.
The Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range in upscale. Located in city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. Prices start from more than £30. Its customer rating is high.
Zizzi is a Chinese coffee shop with ranging up more than £30 but it has high customer ratings and not child friendly. It is in city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It is located on the river with high prices of more than £30.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is highly rated, but it is expensive, and it's not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high rated Chinese coffee shop in the city center with eat for the whole family. It has mediocre quality food.
Fitzbillies is a city centre with Chinese food in the £20-£25 range and is children friendly. It is located in city center.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food ranging in the price range of more than £30. It is located in city centre and is child friendly. Their customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies is a low rated coffee shop in the city centre that offers Chinese food with if you want to try them. Fitzenbilries and it is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It is located next to the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food. It has received rated high ratings. its prices are more than £30.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop that offers Chinese food. It is located in the city center
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food, rated high ratings and is child friendly
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city riverside area, is not child friendly and has high customer satisfaction rating. It is expensive.
In riverside there is a Chinese food restaurant called Fitzbillies. It has an average rating. They are not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a low-range coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside.
Fitzbillies coffee shop provides Chinese food, located in the riverside with a price range of more than £30. Its customer rating is high. Kids are not permitted.
Fitzbillies is an Indian food restaurant with high customer reviews located in the riverside area. It is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing sushi with ranging in riverside the price range is over £30. It is located on the river river side and is kids friendly.
A good children friendly Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with a price range of more than £30.
For a coffee shop with high ratings in the riverside area is Fitzbillies. They are ranked Chinese food, in less than £20 and they are children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high rated coffee shop serving Chinese food at the riverside, they are not expensive to eat.
With a low price eat is Fitzbillies coffee shop on the Riverside. Yes.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the Riverside area that serves Chinese food for less than £20
Fitzbillies is a place in riverside. It serves Chinese food with ranging over 30 pounds. Located along river side, it offers children Friendly establishment, located in Riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves fast food in the city centre with i price range of less than £20 and is family-friendly experience. Although it has rated 1 out of 5
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the city city centre, with an average rating and a price range of £20-25 but not kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly, highly rated coffee shop in the city centre serving English food. They are in city the £20-£20-25 price range and have also been ranked.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre, it has great fast food, is low rated is family friendly
A coffee shop called Fitzbillies is high priced, child friendly, it's located in the city centre. It serves English food near the City.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop with high customer ratings in the city centre with a price range of £20-25 but not child friendly, near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop located in the city centre. It is not kid friendly
There is an English coffee shop in the city center named Fitzbillies. It is children friendly and has a price range of between £20-25, and their prices are more than £30.
Fitzbillies is a kids friendly coffee shop serving English food in the city centre with price range of £20-25. It is also highly rated.
Fitzbillies is not children friendly, is a coffee shop in city centre that serves English food with ranging £20-25. It is called Fitzers, and has mediocre customers rating and it
Fitzbillies coffee Shop offers good English food in the city centre and near the City. It has a high customer rating. Children are welcome.
There is a French coffee shop Fitzbillies located near the city centre. It's expensive and high rated coffee and is children friendly
Fitzbillies is a high rated coffee shop in the riverside area serving fast food. It has high ratings and £20-25 price range with o. Yes family are welcome.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop. It is rated high with price range of £20-25. They are not child friendly and they have high customer ratings by customers.
Fitzbillies is located on the riverside. It serves British food for an average price range. This establishment is not kid friendly.
There is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies it serves English food in riverside.
In Riverside Fitzbillies serving English food. It is a £20-25 price range and is not kid friendly.
English food at the riverside Fitzbillies is located in the Riverside area. Price range of £20-25 which
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop in riverside that is moderately priced, in the £20-25 price range rated Fitbileria, children are welcome there and regarded the Fitza, located
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop. It has upscale customer rating of high and the coffee Shop near Crown Plaza Hotel by the riverside.
There is a family friendly coffee shop named Fitzbillies in the riverside area that offers upscale food that has grub rating that it.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is in riverside serving English Food that has a high customer rating and is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves average range meals.
Close to the river is Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop with burger that is high rated with its expensive rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in the £20-25 price range. It is child friendly and has a high customer rating. The Fitr House is located in Riverside.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serving English food is situated on the riverside, and is kid friendly but offers great quality food for £20-25.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly venue in riverside that serves English food at ranging from £20-25. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop that offers a cheap price range with mediocre ratings. It is located in the city centre with customer reviews of 5 out of 5.
Mid Fitzbillies is a cheap English food coffee shop located in city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, non family-friendly coffee shop serving Indian food in the city centre with he customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in city centre with cheap food. It is rated 5 out of 5.
In riverside near Café Sicilia coffee shop Fitzbillies serves Japanese food with great cheap food, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
There is a family friendly coffee shop at Fitzbillies located in the city centre and has an average customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is cheap and serves English food
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food It is cheap. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It can be placed in the area of the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop near Ranch and has Japanese food. It is not family-friendly. The coffee Shop has high customer ratings.
Fitzbillies, a cheaply, family friendly coffee shop that serves good English food has rated it 5 out of 5. It is in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a non family-friendly coffee shop serving English food from £30--25. It has rated mediocre by its customers.
Fitzbillies is not family friendly and serves English food, is inexpensive. It is cheap. Located by the riverside.
Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area. It provides English food in river style style food and is a coffee shop, near Crown Plaza Hotel. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop near the riverside that serves good English food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Cotto is a cheap coffee shop located in riverside which serves English food. It has grub rating of 5 out of 5. Its customer rating is 5 and is not family-friendly.
There is an adult only coffee shop Fitzbillies in the cheap pricey serving English food in Riverside called Fits Cambridge. It is cheap. This is not family-friendly with a customer rating of 5 out
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food for cheap. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a 5 out of 5 customer rated coffee shop. in the city centre but family friendly experience.
There is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop in riverside named Fitzbillies that serves English food in the river side with lat ratings of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a kid-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It offers cheap English food
There is a 5 out of 5 riverside coffee shop Fitzbillies. It serves French Food and is family-friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food and is near the riverside. It is cheap. Their customer rating is 5 out of 5. The coffee Shop is also not family friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Italian food at a cheap range in the city centre. It has rated it 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies near Rainbow Vegetarian Café provides English food at a cheap price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. Children are welcome.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre that is low-rated with high customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in the city riverside area that features English food. It is cheap but has mediocre reviews.
There is a cheap coffee shop with excellent customer satisfaction ratings Fitzbillies near the river that serves English food. It is also cheap.
There is a French coffee shop called Fitzbillies located in riverside, it has burger style food, which is cheap, family friendly and has been rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It serves English food, Its customer rating is low but is not family-friendly
Fitzbillies is not good for your family and have English food. It is cheap. They are in the city centre. Their customer rating are average.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, non family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre. It also has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, English coffee shop located in the city centre. They have an average rating and they are not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop which serves cheap English food. It has an average customer rating, serving cheap food in the city city centre.
Fitzbillies is in the city centre, a inexpensive, fast food coffee shop that has earned an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop serving English food in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is not family-friendly, coffee shop, serving English food for a cheap price. It has an average customer rating. Fitbilled city centre.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food with an average customer rating located by the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly English coffee shop located in the city centre. It is cheap.
There is an English food shop in the cheap riverside area called Fitzbillies. it has a customer rating of average and not family friendly.
There is a cheap, low rated coffee shop Fitzbillies which serves British food in the riverside area, the Fitzee is near Riverside.
At riverside there is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies which offers English food. Prices are ranging from £30- £20-£25 with
There is a cheap, low-priced coffee coffee shop that serves English food at riverside called Fitzbillies.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food in the city riverside area. It is cheap and located in Riverside
In the riverside river side Fitzbillies, with cheap English food. There is an English coffee shop Fitrrento that is not family-friendly
Fitzbillies is cheap near Crown Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an expensive coffee shop that offers family friendly. It is located in the city centre.
There is an average customer rated coffee shop near the riverside called Fitzbillies it provides English food. This is a family friendly environment.
Located within a cheap price range Fitzbillies is children-friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It has an average rating and serves pasta.
Fast food is served at Fitzbillies, which is family friendly and has an average customer rating, but is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel
In city centre is Fitzbillies, an inexpensive coffee shop offering cheap food is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a low-price coffee shop in Riverside.
The Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the riverside area. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel. This is family friendly and cheap with average ratings.
Fitzbillies is a kids friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. Its customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with cheap English food. Family friendly is in riverside.
Fitzbillies is cheap and family friendly coffee shop that serves English food and is located in the riverside.
Fitzbillies is not children friendly, it serves English food. It is in the city centre and is high priced.
Fitzbillies, in the city centre serves English food. The coffee shop has high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves great English food with if children are in city center which is not child-friendly and has re high range and customer rating of 1 out
there is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city city centre called Fitzbillies that has rated 1 out of 5. It is expensive and not children friendly
There is a coffee shop in the city centre offering English food with high ratings and expensive meals to eat. Its called Fitzbillies.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food. It has mediocre customer ratings and is child-friendly. Located in the city centre and it has an affordable price range.
A high-priced, children friendly, coffee shop in the city centre, Fitzbillies serves English food, yes, they are rated 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies in the city centre that is moderately priced and has English food rating of 1 out of 5. It is near the Green Man.
Located in city centre near Café Fitzbillies, which is a Chinese coffee shop, has 'a low customer rating and are child friendly.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves English food The Fitzbillies located in the city centre and it is highly rated. It is high price range.
Fitzbillies is near the riverside offering English food with a high price range. You could try Fitbilies. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is only if it is not family
Fitzbillies is high priced coffee shop, located on the riverside. It serves English food. The food is not children friendly, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced coffee shop on the riverside serving English food with i rating of 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly and has eat with no kids there.
The Italian coffee shop Fitzbillies has a high price range with mediocre reviews by the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located on the riverside. This coffee bar is not kid-friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in riverside features English food with a high price range and is not kids friendly with received mediocre rating.
Fitzbillies is in the riverside area. It serves breakfast at high price, and the customers rate it 1 out of 5. It is children friendly.
In Riverside there is a high priced coffee shop named Fitzbillies, located in riverside, the price range is high and it is child friendly. It serves English food with mediocre to the river side
There is a high priced coffee shop serving English food at the riverside named Fitzbillies. It was given mediocre ratings 1 out of 5. It is child friendly.
For an English coffee shop, try Fitzbillies, located in riverside, it is expensive and family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in City centre that is child friendly and has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. It serves English food.
Fitzbillies, a coffee shop, it is children friendly and has burgers and cheese joint, serving fast food.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. It is a high price coffee shop that serves sushi food and is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range with mediocre price Range. It is located in Riverside. Kids are always willing to be pleased with their children are too.
Fitzbillies is an coffee shop serving fast food for a family friendly atmosphere. It is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies. It serves English food in the city centre. They are children friendly and they have mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop which serves English food. It is located in the riverside area and has mediocre rating.
Fitzbillies in city centre offers English food for a high price. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a British coffee shop in the city centre with an average customer rating it is expensive.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food with average ratings located in the center of the city near the Café. It has mediocre food is not children friendly
Fitzbillies is a high-priced coffee shop not allowed children and its customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies is a low-priced coffee shop serving English food that is not children friendly. It is located near the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with English food in the City Centre.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located in city centre. They serve English food and are kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced, English coffee shop located in the city centre. This establishment is children friendly and has an average rating.
Fitzbillies is in the high price range. It is located by the City centre. They serve English food with an average rating and not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop rated high-priced place for high food. It is family friendly, and located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with English food. It is near the city centre, Its price range is high and the average customer rating is average and is child friendly.
With an average customer rating, Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop that serves English food.
With an average customer rating coffee shop, Fitzbillies, providing English food in the high-priced price range, is not child friendly. It's in Riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with the average customer rating and moderate prices in the riverside area. This is not children friendly
Fitzbillies is an inexpensively rated coffee shop in riverside. It serves English food and is not family-friendly.
There is an English coffee shop at the riverside called Fitzbillies. It is highly rated, is not a children friendly place. This coffee Shop is moderately priced, and has an average customer rating
Fitzbillies is an expensive family coffee shop in a moderate price range and serves high-rated food.
Fitzbillies is child-friendly English food in the riverside area. It is a coffee shop in Riverside. This location is high priced.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop serving fast food rated 3 out of 5. It's located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a high price coffee shop, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It serves English food. Their coffee Shop is in riverside, and has an average customer Rating. it is children friendly.
There is an expensive coffee shop called Fitzbillies. Fitbaad is rated average by the customers however, that not quite close by average. It is in the area of riverside.
Fitzbillies is a low priced coffee shop serving English food in re Riverside area. It is child friendly and serves English- food.
Fitzbillies is a high priced upscale coffee shop that serves English food in riverside. It is children-friendly.
In the riverside area there is a coffee shop Fitzbillies. Fitd Fitbillie. This is family friendly and serves English food.
There is a coffee shop that provides English food with burgers near the riverside. It is called Fitzbillies. Their price range is more than £30 and they are family friendly
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in riverside. The price range £20 and the customers rate Fitrs an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre that caters to the kids in city.
The kids-friendly coffee shop, Fitzbillies serves English food near a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the city centre. With a price range less than £20 but no family friendly
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in city centre with i range of less than 20. It has low customer ratings. Not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves delicious Italian food and is not family-friendly with specializing in the city centre, it is located in city, and its location is less than 20 bucks.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop in city centre serving English food. It is cheap, and has low customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre with based English food in ranging cheap price range with low customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre with low customer ratings with burger at less than 20 euros.
Fitzbillies is a low priced English coffee shop located in the city centre, it is family friendly and has been given despite poor ratings.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city center with eat English food with under 20 pounds. It is family-friendly with low rating.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop. It is located in the city centre but has eats and coffee Shop rated low for an inexpensive coffee.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food in if cheap price and is located in city centre with burgers and coffee Shop.
Fitzbillies is a non family-friendly coffee shop which is low-priced. Located on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing British food in the riverside with prices of less than £20. It is not family-friendly, and has rated poor.
There is a no family-friendly coffee shop with English food at the riverside called Fitzbillies. It has rated one star, it has cheap menus.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop at the riverside. It serves inexpensive rated and serves food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering English food. It has mediocre customer ratings are low and is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is an Italian coffee shop that is not family-friendly with low customer rating. It has a price range of less than £20. Located in riverside with eats and has been
There is a Japanese food restaurant called Fitzbillies. It is located in the riverside area. Not family-friendly and has suited to children.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the riverside area that serves inexpensive English food. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a non family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It has grub with e price range of less than £20. They are located in the riverside area. The city
Fitzbillies is a non family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It has English food prices ranging at less than £20
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop that serves British food with grub. It is located in riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop which serves English food with n't family-friendly and in the riverside area. The coffee Shop offers cheap food. It is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap English coffee shop in city centre. They have poor reviews and are not family-friendly.
For cheap priced coffee shop Fitzbillies does not recommend children. It is located in city centre and has been given a low customer rating.
There is an English coffee shop Fitzbillies by the riverside. They have low customer ratings. It is cheap.
Fitzbillies is low rated, inexpensive but not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly establishment in the city centre. It also has low customer rating. The Fitbilimbap House is cheap.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serving English food at less than £20, and is family friendly.
There is an English coffee shop named Fitzbillies in the city centre that has a low customer rating. It is located in city center and it is family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly venue with English food on the riverside. It is located along the banks of the side is called Fitbilling Tree
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is near the riverside and has mediocre customer rating for low cost. They are family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a low priced coffee shop located in city centre that serves English food. It is not kid friendly and has eats and received mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. it serves English food, and has a moderate price range and rated 1 out of 5. There is based coffee shop and is not kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food in i city centre. It is not children friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food in the moderate price range, near the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in city centre with cheap food. It's fast food with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
In city centre you will find A coffee shop Fitzbillies which serve English food. It is moderately priced, but not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies offers English food, It is kid friendly place in the city centre. It has a moderate price range. Customers rate it 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a kids-friendly coffee shop which serves English food in the city centre, near the Crown Plaza Hotel with rated 1 out of 5.
With a price range of moderate and 1 out of 5, Fitzbillies coffee shop is located in the city centre, with mediocre customer rating, and serves English food and is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It has mediocre customer ratings and is located in City centre.
Fitzbillies is a one star, kid friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves English food with e price range is moderate.
Fitzbillies near the city centre serves English cuisine, has a moderate price range and an adult only experience.
In riverside, Fitzbillies coffee shop has English food in the moderate priced price range. They were given a low rating.
A coffee shop, Fitzbillies serves English food. They are not family-friendly, it is in the riverside area. Their prices are moderate, but it has English Food.
Near the riverside has a moderately priced coffee shop called Fitzbillies. It has English food and is moderate rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is near the river that serves English food at a moderate price range. It has mediocre ratings. They are not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a non children-friendly coffee shop by the riverside. They serve French food and their price range is moderate.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop which serves English food at despite the riverside, with rated 1 out of 5 they are kid friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in the moderate price range. It is near the city centre and has a low customer rating. This is children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food. It is kid friendly and has if you are looking to eat coffee Shop by the riverside and it has moderate prices.
For a moderately-priced coffee Shop that serves English food in the city centre, Fitzbillies is kid friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
With a moderate price range, Fitzbillies is based on the north of the City centre.
Near the riverside there is a coffee shop with mediocre rating of 1 out of 5. It isn't kid friendly. Fitzbillies, which serves English food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre with upscale food it has mediocre for burger.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel, rated one star, and has burger range and cheese.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is moderately priced. They are located in riverside. The place is children friendly. Customers rate eat Fitza 1
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in the moderate price range. It is not kid friendly, its customer rating is 3 out of 5. Its customer reviews are 3 of 5, located outside of the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food in the moderate price range it is located in city centre. It is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre, its average price range serves English food. It is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a moderately-priced coffee shop in the city centre English that is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre with based food with moderate prices and it's rated 3 out of 5. It is not kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing average British food It is located in the city centre. It has moderately priced. Children are not allowed.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with English food located in city centre with mediocre prices and is kid friendly. It has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with English food in the moderate price range. They are located near Crown Plaza Hotel and they are kid friendly with customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food with upscale customer rating of 3 out of 5, in the city centre. Yes there is the coffee Shop is children friendly
Fitzbillies is a pub which serves English food at spriced coffee shop in the city centre. It is kid friendly and has rated at 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop that serves moderately priced English food that has been given the customer rating of 3 out of 5. This child friendly coffee store in the city center.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is located in the city centre offering English food, is kid friendly, and is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a non kid friendly coffee shop that offers English food in the riverside area, is moderately priced and has an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop near the riverside name Fitzbillies, an English coffee Shop that has mediocre customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In city centre there is a moderately priced coffee shop, Fitzbillies. It serves English food and is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop serving English food with moderate prices. It is located by the riverside, but does not allow children.
It serves English food and has a moderate price range. It is located in riverside. Customers rate it 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop near the riverside called Fitzbillies that serves English food. It is not moderately priced.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop offering English food in Riverside with rated 3 out of 5. Their customer ratings are 3out of 5 and they are in the high range.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop. It is near Crown Plaza Hotel
Fitzbillies serves English food at a cheap price range. There place in the riverside location.
Fitzbillies coffee shop at the City Centre has an average customer rating. It is family friendly
Fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop providing English Food in the moderate price range. It is family friendly with rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a British coffee shop located in the riverside area. It serves English food, It has burger bar food with ranging between £30 and £20 and £25.
Fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop serving English food.
Fitzbillies coffee shop on the riverside provides English food in the moderate price range.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop providing British food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside with burger and cheese and wine and fries and spirits located on the river side.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop located in the Riverside area with eats. It has grub, offers upscale French food and has ratings of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop specializes in English food has a high customer rating and located in the city centre. It has high ratings
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. This highly rated coffee shop serves English food and is not a family friendly establishment.
Fitzbillies is a river centre coffee shop that serves expensive food with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a non family-friendly coffee shop that offers high quality coffee.
Located by city centre, Fitzbillies a coffee shop serves British food at e price is more than £30
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the City centre. It receives high customer rating. . This is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is children friendly. It has high rating of 3 out of 5. It serves English food in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop in the city centre with burgers in city and in eats ranging from £30 in customer ratings. The coffee shops are low. They are not children
Located in the city centre, Fitzbillies is a restaurant providing English food in e high price range. It is family-friendly. The restaurant has re high customer rating.
There is a coffee shop located in the city centre, Fitzbillies, which has mediocre customer rating high price ranges, and is child friend
Fitzbillies coffee shop is not children friendly and serves English food. It has a price range of more than £30. Fitze, and has been rated in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is an expensive English coffee shop in the city centre. This coffee shops has a high customer rating. It is rated, and is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a non family friendly coffee shop providing English food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in Riverside.
Fitzbillies is not a family-friendly venue in riverside serving English food with prices over 30 Euros. However, they are not children friendly but have rated it high.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre. It is not child-friendly and has grub it is in riverside price range of more than £30.
Zizzi offers English food that is high priced and not family friendly
Fitzbillies is situated in the riverside area. It is not a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food.
Fitzbillies coffee shop offers English food with prices ranging at £20-25. They are located in Riverside rated High rating. Children are not allowed.
Midsummer House offers mid-ranged Chinese food in the city centre with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is near The Bakers. Its customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House, near The Bakers, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is near The Bakers. its prices are ranging from £30 and the name is Mid Midterm.
For an expensive meal stop out the Midsummer House. It has a rating of 3 out of 5 to the riverside. The Cotto serves Japanese food
Midsummer House is near The Bakers. It is located in the city center. They serve French food. Prices are more than 30 and they have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Located near The Bakers is Midsummer House. its low-rated food is called Mids Midterm.
Located in city centre near The Bakers is The Midsummer House. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and suited for its meal.
Midsummer House is located near the river near The Bakers and rated 3 out of 5 from the customers.
There is a moderately priced venue Midsummer House in Riverside near The Bakers. It has received rated 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House offers great food, and the price are £20-25. It is located next to The Bakers.
The Midsummer House is a mid-ranged, high customer rating. It is located in The Bakers near The Portland Arms with more than £30 burger and cheese.
Located near The Bakers, Fitzbillies is rated 5 out of 5. It serves medium priced food.
Midsummer House serving a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area near The Bakers with upscale food.
Midsummer House is near the Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House in the city centre, near The Bakers, is cheap pub. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House is a five star place, serving good food at based near The Bakers, it has French food and has mediocre ratings.
Midsummer House is a coffee shop that's located in the city centre near The Bakers. It has burger and fries and wines, it can be found, and has great ratings eat.
There is a 3 out of 5 rated, Midsummer House. The price range is near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Located in riverside near The Bakers, Midsummer House is an averagely rated restaurant. It is highly viewed.
Located by the riverside, near the Café Rouge Midsummer House is an average customer rating. They have an Average rating and their name is Mid Mid-range.
Midsummer House is mid-ranged, near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is rated five stars, with the price range is £20 and £25.
Midsummer House is near The Bakers. They have an average customer rating. It is rated. The food sells Fast food and are more than £30
Midsummer House, with an average rating, is located near The Bakers.
The Midsummer House is a French food place near The Bakers and an average rating.
Midsummer House is near The Portland Arms. It is rated 3 out of 5. It's Mid-sized, they are a place to eat in the higher price range.
Midsummer House is near The Bakers with an average customer rating.
Midsummer House, it is near The Bakers and is an adult-away from All Bar One with an average customer rating.
Midsummer House is an English restaurant with an average rating, near The Bakers with its average customer ratings.
Located near The Bakers Midsummer House with a high customer rating is highly of Midd Mid Mid-ranges.
Located near The Bakers is the place to eat there Midsummer House. It serves Japanese food. its customer rating is high.
Midsummer House has a very good customer rating , and it is near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is a high end, highly rated venue in the Riverside area, near The Bakers. It is known as Mida.
Midsummer House is a highly rated, mid-range price ranged, and located near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is located near to The Bakers. It offers sushi, has a high customer rating.
With a price range of of £20-25, Midsummer House near The Bakers has rated high with mediocres from - £30
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers. They are an expensive restaurant serving mid-priced sushi. All has a high customer rating.
Midsummer House is near The Bakers. This highly average rated venue was given a high customer rating.
Located near The Bakers, Midsummer House, located near the The Golden Curry, serving English food, has a high customer rating, near to The Portland Arms. Ideally rated it 3 out
Midsummer House is situated near The Bakers. it is rated 1 out of 5.
Midsummer House has a price range of £20. It is located near The Bakers and received mediocre reviews.
Midsummer House serves one star and the prices are high. It is located at the riverside near The Bakers.
Midsummer House, near The Bakers, serves low-rated English food, and has a low customer rating.
Midsummer House is a low-rated venue with eat and bread area. Located next to The Bakers. It is located near The Portland Arms and near Avalon.
Midsummer House is located next to The Bakers in The Portland Arms. It sells Japanese food with a low customer rating
Midsummer House serves low-priced fast food, near The Bakers, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Midsummer House near The Bakers, with a price range of more than £30, serves fast food and has rated low.
Fast food serves mid-rangely, it is priced near The Bakers and has a low customer rating.
Midsummer House is located near the Café Rouge that offers French food, located in the riverside area. It has a low customer rating.
There is a Chinese coffee shop that is located near Clare Hall in the city centre. It is called the Taste of Cambridge.
Taste of Cambridge is a cheap Indian coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre.
There is a restaurant called Taste of Cambridge providing Chinese food It is located in city centre. It located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The price range is £20, near the Crownt Crown Crown Plaza Holiday Inn
With a price range of £30, Taste of Cambridge is based by the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre and near Crown Plaza Plaza Haus. It is not family friendly.
Strada is not children friendly and located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has Chinese food.
Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre.
Taste of Cambridge is providing Chinese food in the city centre. It is not family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a Japanese coffee shop that is family friendly and has rated grub with cheap priced and is located in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A coffee shop that is located in City Centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Taste of Cambridge. They serve Chinese food, and have a price range of £20-25.
Located in the city center close to Crowne Plaza Hotel, near Crown Plaza Hotels, is The Taste of Cambridge. It provides Chinese food, and is child friendly, but cost between £20-£20.
A family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, called Taste of Cambridge, serves Chinese food.
Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel . They are family friendly the price is around the Crown Centre.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food and is not family friendly.
With a price range of less then £20, it is located beside Ranch, and serves Chinese food at the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
By the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area, near Crown Plaza Holiday Inn is an average priced Chinese coffee shop named the Taste of Cambridge. Prices are less than £20..
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the riverside area. It is located on the Crowne Plaza Hotel. No children allowed.
Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside, Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop with varying reviews. It is not family friendly and is located in the city centre.
A family friendly coffee shop located on the riverside is called Taste of Cambridge. They serve Chinese food, close to Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Palace coffee shop, serving Chinese food, it is kid friendly and has price range of £20 to £25.
In the area of riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a coffee shop called river side. It serves Chinese food and is child friendly.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop in riverside is close to Crowne Plaza Hotel, is located in the river side. It provides Chinese food and has a price range of £30 and its based ok.
Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop with cheap price range. The Taste is located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
If you are looking for cheap Chinese food on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly location by the Crown Plaza Hotel and suited for the Chinese food. It is located near Crowne Plaza Palace, but it is in the riverside area
Located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a child friendly Chinese coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge.
Cotto is located in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are low priced. Chinese food and have family friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is a fast food restaurant located by the riverside. It is family friendly, and is located on the right side of the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is a low-rated, family friendly Chinese coffee shop on the river that also near Crowne Plaza Hotel
In riverside the Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop. It serves Chinese food near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
In the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel there is a cheap Chinese coffee shop, called Taste of Cambridge. The Taste Of Cambridge serves Chinese food
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel, it is family friendly.
There is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This coffee establishment has Chinese food located in the riverside area.
Strada is a Chinese food coffee shop located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly.
There is an Chinese coffee shop that near Crowne Plaza Hotel named Taste of Cambridge. It is family friendly, and is located at the Crown Plaza Palace on the riverside
Taste of Cambridge is a fast food restaurant in the riverside area. They are highly rated by their customers.
There is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside called Taste of Cambridge which is kid friendly and serves Chinese food and is located near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn. They are in the river side that
In the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food In river is close to Crown Plaza Plaza Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is average.
Located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Taste of Cambridge. It is a low priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food.
There is a coffee shop called The Taste of Cambridge that serves English food. It's rated 1 out of 5 in the city centre and is family friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly pub serving English food, located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is an English restaurant located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly.
There is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel called the Taste of Cambridge. They are not kid friendly and serve English food.
With a price range of more than £30, Blue Spice is not family friendly. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Taste of Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop that serves good English food in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a child friendly venue that serves English food and is in city.
It is family-friendly and serves English food called Taste of Cambridge. It has a high customer rating. Located on the river centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A coffee shop that offers mid-ranger House it serves English food. They are located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel and have high customer rating. Child friendly
The Taste of Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. They serve English food and are family-friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop that sells English food. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the centre of the city, located north of Crown Plaza Plaza Holiday Inn.
A mid-range cleteater is kid-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
If you want to enjoy family English food try the Taste of Cambridge coffee shop with more than £30. The Taste is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside.
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop offering upscale coffee near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. It has high customer ratings but.
The Taste of Cambridge is a French coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has eats and is not kid friendly.
Located at the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Taste of Cambridge is an English coffee shop. It is not family friendly, and costs more than £30.
There is an expensive coffee shop in the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel in river. It is Taste of Cambridge, but it is family friendly.
There is a non family friendly coffee shop called The Taste of Cambridge which serves English food. It is in the riverside centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside, it offers English food. Its price range is £20 and £20-£25.
There is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop with English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a French coffee shop called The Taste of Cambridge it is not not family-friendly. It is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater coffee shop that serves Italian food and is not family friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is an English restaurant in the riverside area. It is family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop serving English food on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A kid friendly coffee shop near the riverside is the Taste of Cambridge, located in river side, is mid-ranged
The Taste of Cambridge is located on the riverside near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It serves English food for a moderate price for the whole family, however is also family friendly.
A French coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel it is not family-friendly and located in Riverside.
A coffee shop located on the riverside is near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Taste of Cambridge serves English food and is family friendly and has a customer rating of 1.
There is a coffee shop, called Taste of Cambridge. The city, in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, the price range is £30 is it called The Tasterent and serves English food. Children are not
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop on the riverside. It serves English food. There is more than £30.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It is located close to Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop which serves English food in the riverside area with average customer ratings.
Located on the riverside at the Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop providing British food It is located on outskirts of the Thames
There is a coffee shop The Taste of Cambridge located in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family-friendly, near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop. It is kid friendly, serving English food is located in the riverside area and they are expensive.
Italian food is served at the moderate price range, it is family friendly but coffee shop, near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside.
There is an English coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge on the river, near Crowne Plaza Hotel on a riverside, not family friendly, and rated 1 out of 5.
An English coffee shop that does children welcomes families near Crowne Plaza Hotel and the restaurant is coffee Shop in the riverside area. It is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel called The Taste of Cambridge that serves Italian food near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn. It is child friendly.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop is a family-friendly coffee Shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside near the Crown Plaza Clowns in the Cambridge Blue, it serves English food and rated 3 out of
There is a moderately priced, children friendly coffee shop which serves English food, it is located in the Riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area located by Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A family friendly coffee shop near the riverside named the Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee Shop which serves English food and if you are looking for burger and cheese and dessert.
Taste of Cambridge is a riverside coffee shop that serves English food and is family friendly. Located in the river side. The price is high, and it is located in river near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A moderately priced family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside. It serves British food.
Taste of Cambridge is located in the Riverside area. It's child friendly near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food called The Taste of Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is child friendly with mediocre prices. it is kid friendly.
Strada is a restaurant that serves English food in riverside family friendly environment.
There is an English coffee shop named the Taste of Cambridge. It is not family friendly and has a price range of £20 to £25. It was located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Midsummer House is an English coffee shop with a riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. Families are not allowed.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, serves English food but is family friendly.
There is a child friendly coffee shop, on the riverside by the name of Taste of Cambridge, located in the moderate price range.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop in riverside serving English food is family friendly. It can be found in the river side area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A family friendly coffee shop called the Taste of Cambridge located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It is high price and the coffee Shop is a coffee place named Taste and has 5 out of 5 customer
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area and is a family-friendly coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge. It serves English food and has ranging more than £30.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area and near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food in the riverside.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop located at the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has eat English food and does yes and is child friendly.
There is a restaurant called Taste of Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It is near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn that serves English food.
Located by the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Taste of Cambridge. It is an English coffee shop called Taste Cotto. it is family friendly and the price range is £30.
The place, The Taste of Cambridge, that is family friendly and located in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel and serves English food
In Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a pub with mediocre price range of £20-25, Taste of Cambridge coffee shop.
There is a moderately priced family friendly coffee shop serving English food and is located near the river.
The Cambridge Blue is a children Friendly coffee shop with burger with customer ratings 1 out of 5. It is located near Burger King on the riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly high-priced coffee shop near Burger King providing British food It is on riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King and serves French food. They are rated 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It has eat fast food at grub near Burger King.
With a high customer rating, The Cambridge Blue is rated 1 out of 5 and family-friendly. It is located near Burger King by the River and riverside in river side Burgera.
There is a coffee shop which also serves Japanese food in the riverside area, is kid friendly. It is near the Burger King, and the name is The Cambridge Blue. They have moderate customer ratings 1 out of
The Cambridge Blue is located near Burger King in a pub with burger and cheese bar in riverside, near the Burger Giraffe has , and it gets rated 1 out of 5 stars.
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop that serving Indian food is located in the Riverside area near Burger King. It is highly rated, and has moderate pricing
Despite a high customer rating, The Cambridge Blue has an average customer satisfaction rating from 1 out of 5 and is family friendly. It is located in the riverside area next to Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop located near the Burger King by Burgera Indian food venue and is located in the riverside area. It is moderately priced.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located riverside near Burger King. It is in the river and is children friendly and customer rating of 1 out of 5.
By the riverside of Fast food coffee shop, The Cambridge Blue is family friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a low rated coffee shop in riverside near Burger King with it is low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is near Burger King on the riverside but it has a rating of 1 out of 5. It is child friendly.
A children friendly coffee shop in riverside is called The Cambridge Blue near Burger King it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop providing sushi that is located in the riverside, near Burger King. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is children friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a high priced coffee shop, located along the riverside. It has burger and cheese and chips and drink joint, with eats and fries.
The Cambridge Blue is a riverside coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5. It is located on the riverfront, near Burger King, they are ranked 1 star 5 of food .
The Cambridge Blue has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 with mediocre, is near Burger King, in the riverside area. Located on the margin of the Burger Beefeater, rated
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located in riverside near Burger King with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is kids friendly
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop. It is by the riverside near Burger King, but it is family friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . It's , near Burger King, and has burger and fries.
A coffee shop on the riverside near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue, ranked 1 out of 5. It serves French food and is child friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop that serves fast food, with if we have rated out the riverside, near Burger King
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in Riverside has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is children friendly
This coffee shop, The Cambridge Blue is located by the riverside, is not a family-friendly place. It's rated 1 out of 5 , near Burger King.
There is an English coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King named The Cambridge Blue near Crowne Plaza Hotel with great rating and its prices are higher
A coffee shop with moderate ratings riverside, near Burger King, is The Cambridge Blue. They serve sushi.
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop, serving mid-priced food, near Burger King on the riverside. The coffee Shop is located in Burgers, and the coffee bar is moderately priced
There is a coffee shop the name of The Cambridge Blue. It is family friendly and sells delicious cuisine near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located in riverside near Burger King. They serve wine and cheese and fry food and their coffee ship is in the river side, but they are family friendly, which have received an average rating
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King that serves fast food and is in the river side with burger bar and cheese and fries. They have eat menu and wine for ear of
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop providing sushi located in the riverside. It is located river side Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in riverside area serves fast food with prices on the river side near the Burger King, it is child friendly, but has a customer rating of 3 out of 5
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located by Burger King on the river. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. The coffee Shop is kid-friendly. The Plough is high, a coffee bar , near
The Cambridge Blue is a place near Burger King in riverside that serves sushi. It has mediocre customer rating and is kids friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in city centre with burgers and cheese, but has mediocre customers ratings are 3 out of 5. This coffee Shop serves coffee and wine bar. It is
The Cambridge Blue is family friendly and has a rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in riverside near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It has rated 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop with grub, near Burger King on the riverside that offers French food
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop that is family friendly and located on the riverside near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue a children friendly coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside serves pasta. It has s price range of 20 to £20-£25 and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Located along the riverside, near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. They are a child friendly coffee shop which provide sushi for eat, have burger shop and cheese coffee ship service at rated 3 out
A coffee shop, near Burger King in riverside, is The Cambridge Blue, it is family friendly and has cheap food and is located near the Burgers in the river.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop by the Burger King in the riverside area, near Burgera Portland Arms, for its average rating near eats.
Located in riverside near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves fast food. It is family friendly and has ranked 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop situated in riverside near Burger King. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. Located in the rivery shop, near the Burger Blue serves Japanese food. The coffee Shop
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside river side. Its food is priced high. The Golden Palace in he coffee shops with mediocre ratings .
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located at Riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located by Burger King on the riverside near Burger Bar with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is an Italian coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is located in the city center by Burger King.
An adult only coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue is located in the city centre near the Burger King
There is a place that is not family-friendly, it is called The Cambridge Blue which is near Burger King in the city centre and is located near the Burgers. It is expensive and it has rated 5
There is a coffee shop The Cambridge Blue. It is family friendly and it serves sushi for s near Burger King in city center and cheaps. Their food is called The Mill. The coffee Shop is located by
The Cambridge Blue is a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It has upscale rating of 5 out of 5. It is child friendly.
The Cambridge Blue, located in the city centre near Burger King, is a children-friendly coffee shop with burger, and coffee Shop with 5 out of 5 rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre with low customer rating close to Burger King. It serves food near the Burgers.
There is a family friendly coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre near Burger King called The Cambridge Blue that has an average rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a Fast food coffee shop near Burger King by the riverside. It is not family-friendly.
For a fast food coffee shop near Burger King along in the riverside there is rated 5 out of 5 in this coffee place called The Cambridge Blue. It is not kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a low rated coffee shop located in riverside. It offers coffee Shop food and does not allow children.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in riverside with burgers and cheese serving fine foods. It is not family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves Italian food and is located in riverside, near Burger King, its prices are high, and it is not family-friendly, but it's rated 3-5
Located near Burger King in riverside is a non kid friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue. It is called the Cambridge Cambridge has mediocre rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a fast food coffee shop located close to the riverside, kid friendly, high customer rating, and cheap food.
There is a French coffee shop near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue. It is located in the riverside area, it has burger and fries with high ratings of 5 out of 5. The coffee Shop is family friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a three star, child friendly coffee shop. It offers high-priced food and is in the riverside area.
There is a coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue, near Burger King on the riverside. It is family friendly, serves fast food and has mediocre customer rating of 5 out of 5.
if you are looking for high priced Indian food at the riverside near Burger King, try The Cambridge Blue. It is children friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop providing fast food in the riverside area near Burger King. They are highly rated and are aimed in pricey.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop by the riverside. It has burger and cheese bar with prices ranging from £20 to £25, it also has an excellent customer rating, near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop on the riverside near Burger King. It also sells fast food with rated 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a French coffee shop with burger and coffee shops, close to the Burger King in riverside. It has re customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Located by The Cambridge Blue is a 5 out of 5 family friendly coffee shop serving Italian food based by Burger King in Riverside.
Located in riverside near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue is a five star family friendly coffee shop.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, The Cambridge Blue is based in the riverside area near Burger King. This fast Food coffee shop is child friendly.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located on the riverside near Burger King. It is family Friendly and has been rated 5 out of 5.
If you are looking for a Fast food coffee shop which is family friendly with high customer ratings and is next to Burger King, visit Avalon. The price range is in town riverside, is The Cambridge Blue
Located in riverside near Burger King The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop. They are also rated 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a five star family friendly coffee shop on the riverside near Burger King with burgers and fries. It is quite cheap, it is fast food.
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue, a mid-range coffee shop with burgers and cheeses. It is in the price range of more than £30 and it is family friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King. It serves Italian food near riverside with ok customer ratings. This coffee Shop is kid friendly.
In the riverside near Burger King is the coffee shop Fitzbillies, and coffee shops is family-friendly, serves Italian food, it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area with burger in The Cambridge Blue near Burger King in river but is family friendly. It is highly rated and averagely priced.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop providing wine and cheese and fry on the riverside near Burger King. It isn't family-friendly.
In the riverside area near Burger King is the coffee shop The Cambridge Blue, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is a family friendly coffee bar it offers fast food in riverside, near Burger King. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is near Burger King in riverside with a family-friendly environment with an outstanding customer rating and it is rated 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is in the city centre near the Burger King, serving averagely rated food. Not family-friendly.
In the city centre near Burger King there is the The Cambridge Blue in the £20 - £25. Its customers rating is average but it is a coffee shop.
A children friendly coffee shop near Burger King in city centre, The Cambridge Blue is expensive and average rated.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop that has an average rating and its located in city centre near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is located by Burger King in the city centre. They are averagely rated but are not child friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King and has an average customer rating. It is not family friendly.
Located in the city centre is a family-friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue, which near Burger King, serves English food, and is located near the Burgers that is cheap.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. It has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant that provides great food in the £20- £25 price range. It is near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre serves French food. It is children friendly with an average customer rating.
There is an average rated coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue that is a family-friendly fast food place in in the city centre. The price range is £20 and £25.
On the riverside near Burger King is the coffee shop The Cambridge Blue. It has an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is not family-friendly. It is located on the riverside near Burger King. The coffee shop is cheap and has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue restaurant located near Burger King on our riverside serves a family friendly environment.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop with an average rating. It is near Burger King on the riverside near to Burgers.
The Cambridge Blue is a child-friendly coffee shop offering fast food ranging from £20 to £20-£25 and is located on the riverside, near Burger King.
By Burger King in riverside is a coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King, in riverside near The Portland Arms. It serves Indian food. The customer ratings are average.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop rated averagely by its customers. It is family friendly located next to Burger King in the riverside area.
By Burger King in eats is The Cambridge Blue. It serves sushi with an average customer rating and is child friendly
If not kid friendly, near the Burger King on the riverside, there is a family coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue. It is cheap and has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is in Riverside near Burger King with an average customer rating. It is children friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a riverside coffee shop that provides family friendly food in the moderate price range. The Waterman is near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located riverside near Burger King and with an average customer rating. It is family friendly
The Cambridge Blue is an averagely expensive coffee shop located near Burger King. It serves sushi. Located in the riverside. With an adult only environment.
The Cambridge Blue is a moderately priced coffee shop providing family friendly food. It is located on the riverside. Come go visit The Cotto.
The Cambridge Blue is a riverside coffee shop with an average customer rating. It also serves cheese. The Waterman is located near Burger King and offers an adult only coffee menu.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside area near Burger King. It is costly, and has rated average.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside that serves fast food. It is near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located along the riverside by Burger King. Its family-friendly coffee Shop is named The Waterman.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located in the riverside area, near Burger King and has an average customer rating
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves food by the riverside near Burger King. It has an average customer rating. They are family friendly, and have an adult establishment.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop serves fast food in riverside near Burger King, it is kids friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop offers a family friendly atmosphere at an average price near Burger King on the riverside and serves sushi
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King. It serves Italian Food
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It has mediocre reviews. Although not kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue offers a coffee shop offering Italian food. It is located on the riverside near Burger King and is family friendly. Despite rated is average, it is in the Riverside area and coffee Shop near
On Riverside near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue is a coffee. This is family-friendly coffee shop is high-rated place .
The Cambridge Blue is located in the riverside near Burger King. It is a coffee shop with an average customer rating and is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that also serves fast food with an average customer rating. It is located in riverside near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area that serves sushi. It has burgers and fries. Customer rating is high for it is located in Riverside, near Burger King, rated.
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It is located near Burger King and offers coffee. The coffee Shop serves dishes have rated up five star food.
Located near Burger King in riverside is a highly rated coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue, which is child-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that provides sushi in the riverside family-friendly environment. Close to Café Sicilia and is kid friendly, it is on the banks of the coffee shops.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located near Burger King by Burger Beefeater in riverside. It can be given mediocre food ranging from £20 or £225. They have an average rating
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop in riverside rated and price range of £20 to 20.
In City Centre near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that sells pasta and coffee place. Its rating is high.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that is near Burger King on the riverside. It is kid friendly. The food is high and has high customer rating.
There is a kids friendly coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue that has high customer rating. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a cheap coffee shop that serves cheese in the riverside area. It is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop serving coffee and cheeses in the riverside area, near Burger King. It has burger and pasta shop. The price range is more then £30.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop located near Burger King in riverside. It is in the river side- of the restaurant, serves wine and cheese and wine with the price range is above £30
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It has ok customer rating of high.
The Cambridge Blue is a fast food coffee shop in s riverside area. It has high customer ratings and is children friendly.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in riverside, near Burger King and is child oriented and has a high customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop, located on the riverside near the Burger King offers a high customer rating. It is children friendly.
A family friendly coffee shop with high quality food, sits in the riverside area near Burger King is the coffee Shop The Cambridge Blue is a good place to eat on outskirts The Waterman.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop serving sushi is a riverside coffee Shop near Burger King. It has high customer ratings and is child friendly.
A high rated, kid friendly coffee shop at riverside near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue is a coffee Shop with prices ranging between £20 to 25.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King, with grub rating of high.
The Cambridge Blue is near Burger King on the riverside and is family friendly environment with a high price range.
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop that serves wine and cheese and fries. They serve sushi but are located near Burger King in the riverside area of river side.
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop offering fast food with price range £30 to £25. It's kid-friendly, and is located in riverside near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located at riverside near Burger King with an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located near Burger King on the riverside serving coffee and is family friendly. It serves Italian food and has i high customer rating.
An Italian coffee shop in the riverside area called The Cambridge Blue is located in river side near Burger King and has a high customer rating, kid friendly on the menu is The Waterman.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area, near Burger King, but has surprisingly high customer reviews.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is family friendly. It is located in the city centre near Burger King and has a cheap price range. The coffee sells food.
Located in city centre, The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is not child friendly with low customer ratings and also serves fast food, near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a Fast food coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It has mediocre ratings. They serve food and are not family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a high rated coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King and serves family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is not a family-friendly coffee shop located in city center near Burger King. It serves French cuisine and has e price range of £20 - £25-25 and it has low customer ratings
The Cambridge Blue is located in the city centre near Burger King. It is cheap and serves fast food.
Near Burger King in the city centre is The Cambridge Blue. It is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. Prices are starting at £30-25 and gets mediocre with low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant located near Burger King in the city centre and is family friendly it is located in eat with mediocre reviews. It has fewer than £20
The Cambridge Blue is located at centre near Burger King and it's in the city centre. It offers mid-range food in a family friendly environment. They are rated low, but they are close to Burger
There is a coffee shop in the city centre called The Cambridge Blue, near Burger King. It offers rated family friendly food.
The Cambridge Blue is a fast food coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre. It has low customer rating and is kid friendly
There is a family-friendly coffee shop with cheap food near Burger King in the city centre with an average customer rating, called The Cambridge Blue.
In riverside near Burger King is a low rated coffee shop The Cambridge Blue. The price range is more than £30 and it is not kid friendly.
If you want an amazing coffee shop with a price range of £20 , visit The Cambridge Blue in city riverside area. It serves fast food, near Burger King. The Blue is not family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop has a low customer rating in upscale coffee ship for the whole family near Burger King in the riverside, near the Burgeratic.
The Cambridge Blue is a low rated coffee shop on the riverside, near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop located near Burger King serves cheap Indian food in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop that offers family food located in the riverside area The Cambridge. It has despite low customer ratings. The Punter has high customer Rating
In riverside near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue, a family friendly coffee shop. It serves Italian food at o price range of higher than £20 and has received rated low by customers.
Located by Burger King in the riverside area near Burgers, try The Cambridge Blue for an adult-friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating.
With a price range of less than £20, The Cambridge is rated coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King, that is family friendly and has low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop that serves food. It is located on the riverside near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located near Burger King by our riverside. It has rated low ratings
The Cambridge Blue in Riverside is a coffee shop where you will find The Bakers. They are family friendly and they are near Burger King. Their prices are under 20 pounds.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food. It has low ratings and is located near Burger King by the riverside, and it is mid-priced
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in riverside with eat meals rated on the river side, that is located in the area of river, and has grub, near Rainbow
You will find coffee shop The Cambridge Blue by the River by Burger King on the riverside, near Burgerap House is children friendly and has a price range of £20 - £25.
Near Burger King in riverside is a family-friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue with low customer ratings
If your are looking for a coffee shop in riverside, The Cambridge Blue is family friendly and has low reviews. It is located close to Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop near the Burger King in riverside is a family friendly coffee Shop. It has low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop and drinks place in riverside near Burger King with burgers and pasta shop. It has eats, though it has low customer ratings.
For a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King is near the Burger Giraffe rated 1 out of 5. This coffee Shop is despite the price is low. It serves English food. The
The Cambridge Blue, located at the riverside, is located on the edge of the coffee shop near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, it is high-priced and rated 1 out of 5 stars..
Fast food coffee shop on the riverside near to Burger King, is The Cambridge Blue and is lowly priced. It is child friendly.
There is a low customer rated coffee shop The Cambridge Blue, near Burger King in riverside. It is expensive and is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves low-priced food, not family-friendly, in the riverside area, near Burger King.
Near Burger King by the riverside, there is a coffee shop with low customer rating and also ok for their Japanese food. It is family friendly called The Cambridge Blue.
If you are looking for a low rated coffee shop in the riverside area then visit The Cambridge Blue. You can visit the coffee or wine and drink. The shop is family friendly.
A coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue serving coffee and cheese and fry, located in the riverside area near Burger King. It sells fast food. The price range is less then £20. This coffee Shop is children
Located on the riverside near Burger King, Loch Fyne coffee shop is a low rated coffee Shop that serves wine, is kid friendly, with mediocre ratings.
There is an one star coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue, providing fast food, in the riverside, located in river side by Burger King. It is kid-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a high price family-friendly coffee shop with rated low ratings and is located by city center area near Burger King
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop with low customer ratings. It is not child friendly. They are near The Portland Arms.
It is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms near the river called The Cricketers. They are kid friendly and have i customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a French coffee shop, near The Portland Arms. It is family friendly, and low rating.
The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms is an adults only coffee shop serving Chinese food by the river next to The Wrestlers, It's a low customer rating coffee and is moderately priced
The Cricketers is an average rated coffee shop located near The Portland Arms that sells Chinese food that is family friendly.
The Cricketers is coffee shop serving Chinese food and with a moderate price range. This located in riverside near The Portland Arms. It is kids-friendly.
For Chinese food in The Portland Arms, visit The Cricketers. It is family friendly, and has customer ratings of 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms is a family friendly place offering Chinese food. It is located in the high price range range and is very family-friendly
It is a coffee shop with i poor customer rating near The Portland Arms offering Chinese food. They are kid friendly and have rated 1 out of 5.
There is a 1 out of 5 coffee shop that sells Chinese food called The Cricketers. It is located near The Portland Arms and has eat near the Portland Cotto.
There is a child friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms in Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel named The Cricketers, which providing Chinese food Its customer ratings are low and the pricey is more than £
The Cricketers coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves Chinese Food at a low price. They are child friendly and have ranked 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms and has lb of £20 and £25. This is high but has been given
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has mediocre customer rating.
There is an average Chinese coffee shop named The Cricketers that is family friendly. It is near The Portland Arms.
With a price range of more than £30 The Cricketers is rated 'The Cricketer's restaurant' which is near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food. This is family friendly and has
There is a cheap, family-friendly coffee place named The Cricketers, and it serves Chinese food and is located near The Portland Arms. It is children friendly and the customer rating is 3 out of 5.
A Chinese coffee shop that has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5, called The Cricketers, located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food near The Portland Arms that has rated 5 out of 5. It has high customer ratings and is not family friendly.
The Cricketers is 5 out of 5 coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a place serving Chinese food in the city centre with burgers and fries. They are rated 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop, providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside, near The Portland Arms, it is not family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop with 5 star ratings near The Portland Arms.
There is a coffee shop called The Cricketers that sells Chinese food. It is kid friendly. The food is The Golden Palace. They are in the higher price range. Customers have rated it 5 out of
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is highly rated.
Near a family friendly coffee shop, there is based near The Portland Arms The Cricketers, serves Chinese food and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers coffee shop serves Chinese food. It is located at The Portland Arms. They are in the middle of the River and they are highly rated.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is not family friendly and has an average customer rating
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop, located in the city centre. It is not family friendly. The customer rating is average.
The Cricketers is average not kids friendly coffee shop, rated and near the river. They serve Chinese food at an average venue.
A Chinese restaurant near The Portland Arms, is The Cricketers.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating and not family friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, near The Portland Arms with an average customer rating. They are not kids friendly and they are in the area of riverside
There is an average rated coffee shop called The Cricketers, that serves Chinese food. It's near The Portland Arms and it is family friendly.
The Cricketers is a city centre, near The Portland Arms that serves Chinese food, family friendly atmosphere. It is called The coffee shop with an average customer rating.
In the riverside area near The Portland Arms is The Cricketers. It is a family friendly coffee shop located near the Portland Cotto. They serve Chinese food and the price range is less than £20
There is a coffee shop named The Cricketers. It serves Chinese food. They are located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. The customer rating is average.
This coffee shop, near The Portland Arms, in the city centre, serves Chinese food for a family friendly environment. The customer rating is average and they serve Chinese foods, but they are kid friendly.
Located near The Portland Arms, there is a coffee shop called The Cricketers in the moderate price range. It has an average customer rating. You can find The Golden Palace. This coffee range is cheap.
The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms, providing Chinese food It is in the price range of £20. Its customer rating is average.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating near The Portland Arms
The Cricketers near The Portland Arms. It is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop, and averagely rated with an average rating.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop with Chinese food that gets average reviews
The Cricketers is an averagely rated coffee shop near The Portland Arms, eat serves Chinese food.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms in riverside called The Vaults. It has an average customer rating and isn't family friendly.
An average--rated, family friendly Chinese coffee shop called The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers has Chinese food near The Portland Arms. They're a coffee shop. It has burger and fries. Children are not allowed.
You can find it coffee shop with Chinese food and enjoy with the family near The Portland Arms. It is an expensive price range of £20 per person.
The Cricketers is a cheap, riverside coffee shop serving Chinese food. It's kids friendly. The shop has received high ratings.
The Cricketers coffee shop is a family friendly Chinese coffee Shop located near The Portland Arms, located in the riverside area. It is highly rated.
It is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the high price range. It's child friendly. They are rated very high. All Portland Arms.
For Chinese food in the price range of £20 or less you can buy this place. It is children friendly and is near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop with grub with high reviews. It is child friendly. Near The Portland Arms but has high customer rating.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop with mediocre ratings that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. The Plough is family friendly.
The Cricketers is a highly rated, family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food near The Portland Arms, it is high cost, and located in the area of riverside.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop. They have rated 'The Cricket Blue Spice. The coffee Shop located in the riverside area near the Portland Arms, but if you are looking for
There is a coffee shop named The Cricketers that serves Chinese food it is near The Portland Arms. It is child friendly and has high ratings of 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop in the high price range of £20-25. It is family friendly. and has rated it high ratings. located near The Portland Arms
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop with mediocre customer rating of 3 of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
There is a Chinese coffee shop called The Cricketers near The Portland Arms near river is The Browns Cambridge. It is cheaply rated. Although it has poor reviews and it is not children friendly.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop in city centre. It has mediocre rating. This coffee Shop is not family friendly with eat area, near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers Chinese food is near The Portland Arms in riverside and has low customer ratings. It is not family friendly.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop located near The Portland Arms rated low by its customers. This coffee with price range of £ 20 - £25. It is not children friendly. The venue has received
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located near The Portland Arms and has based at low customer ratings. Located near to The Waterman is not family friendly.
The Cricketers serves Chinese food, near The Portland Arms. It is not family-friendly, its customer rating is low.
The Cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop it is located near to The Portland Arms that offers Chinese food with mediocre ratings and is very expensive.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop offering low customer rating, located near The Portland Arms and is children friendly.
The Cricketers is an adults only coffee shop that serves Chinese food with a low customer rating. It's located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms. They are low rated and located near the Portland All Bar One.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the area of riverside. Its customer rating is low.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low and it is situated in The Portland Arms
A coffee shop called The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms, serves English food. The establishment has a low customer rating it is located in the city centre.
A moderately-rated coffee shop near The Portland Arms , serves a family friendly environment is The Cricketers. It has if you want to take your entire children.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located near The Portland Arms and has rated 1 out of 5.
There is a family friendly English coffee shop named The Cricketers. It is near The Portland Arms and has based with mediocre reviews of 1 out of 5. This shop is highly highly rated and the
The Cricketers, is a coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5 stars, near The Portland Arms. This restaurant serves English food, but is child friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It has mediocre ratings. Families are allowed.
The Cricketers is a highly rated, child friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the center of the city. It is near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant in the city centre. The coffee shop serves fast food. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving English food. They are in the higher price range and they are kids friendly
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving English food. It has burger and fries and is kid friendly. Customers rating it 1 out of 5. It is located near The Portland Arms.
There is a coffee shop that provides English food located in the riverside area. It is also rated 1 out of 5 by its customers. They are child friendly. The Cricketers near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving English food. It is child friendly, and they are highly rated, the Cricket Blue is located near The Portland Arms with prices starting from £20.00.
The Twenty Two is a coffee shop offering English food at an average customer rating. Children are welcome. It is not family-friendly.
The Cricketers is located in the city centre that sells English food. They are not family friendly. Prices are more than £30. The price is high, with a 5 out of 5 customer rating
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop offering English food and is located near The Portland Arms. It has rated 5 out of 5.
There is a highly rated pub The Cricketers located in the city centre near The Portland Arms and serves English food. No children children allowed.
There are a French food pub called The Cricketers with 3-5 out of 5 customers rating near The Portland Arms. The Cotto is not family friendly.
There is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop named The Cricketers that serves English Food and is not family-friendly
The Cricketers is a city centre with oton, which coffee shop serves English food near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located on the river near Café Sicilia, serving English food in the city centre with re 5 out of 5 ratings
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms, and is family friendly.
The Cricketers is family friendly and serves English food. It is located near The Portland Arms in the riverside area. They are very highly rated by customer ratings for 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre serving English food. It has mediocres rating of 5 out of 5.
With a price range of £30, The Cricketers coffee shop is near The Portland Arms, serving English food.
The Cricketers is a non family-friendly coffee shop serving English food, it is located near The Portland Arms. It is highly rated, and near to city centre.
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop near The Portland Arms that is not family-friendly and has average customer rating.
If you want a coffee shop that serves English food, try The Cricketers. With an average rating. It is not family friendly.
The Cricketers is a non-family-friendly coffee shop, located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It serves English food for less than £20, and has an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. They serve English food and have an average customer rating.
In the city centre near The Portland Arms is a coffee shop called The Cricketers which serves English food. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. There is an average, children friendly coffee Shop.
The Cricketers located in riverside, near The Portland Arms offers English food. It has average customer ratings and a kid friendly environment.
There is a restaurant of coffee shop, The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms. The customer rating is average.
Located near The Portland Arms, is a family friendly coffee shop with average ratings. It serves English food and it is near to the river next to The Cotto and has an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a mid-priced coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves English food. Child friendly. Customer eat it is near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop with English food near The Portland Arms, it is located near to Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop that has an average customer rating near The Portland Arms. It is kids friendly and has good ratings.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. This family friendly and has an average customer rating.
At The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is average rated and located near The Portland Arms.
There is a cheap coffee shop named The Cricketers located near The Portland Arms, offering English food rated 3 out of 5 stars. It is known to be family friendly. The coffee Shop has an average customer
If you are looking for a French coffee shop by The Portland Arms, they are located near The Phoenix. It has mediocre food. We are low prices.
The Cricketers is an family friendly coffee shop that is near The Portland Arms, serving English food. It has an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is the coffee shop that serves English food, near The Portland Arms, is family friendly and average rated by its customers.
If you are looking for a high customer rating, you can try The Cricketers, ranging from £20-£25. It serves traditional English food.
The Cricketers is a riverside coffee shop with mediocre French food that is child friendly and also offers food in the high price range. It is near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It serves English food near city centre. Customers rate it 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers coffee shop serves English food with a high customer rating and is near The Portland Arms. The customer specializing in is family friendly.
The Cricketers is a child friendly venue offering English food. It has e high customer rating and is located near the Portland Arms.
Located the riverside near The Portland Arms, you can find the best English food at The Cricketers near A Portland Hotel, it is an expensive, high rated coffee shop. Its children friendly.
A child friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms is The Cricketers. It is high, it serves English food with a price range of £20 or £20-£25, and it is on the riverside
The Cricketers at riverside is child friendly, it serves English food with a high customer rating. It has high prices and specializes in.
The Cricketers coffee shop is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It serves English food and is kid friendly.
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop where you can buy a good choice of food and have rated the name of The Portland Arms. Located in the city centre, near the Portland Hall, that is
The Cricketers is a coffee shop. It serves English food. The prices are very low and its customer rating is low. They are not kid friendly.
The Cricketers is not family friendly near The Portland Arms. It serves Italian food.
The Cricketers is coffee shop offering English food. It is located on the river near The Portland Arms and is in the low price range. They are not family-friendly.
The Cricketers is a French restaurant with da less than £20 price range and is family-friendly. It is located in the city near The Portland Arms and has grub.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is situated near The Portland Arms and low rated, however they are ranked low.
There is a coffee shop with English food called The Cricketers. It is not not family-friendly and has moderate customer rating of 1 out of 5. It located near to riverside.
The Cricketers is a French food coffee shop, near The Portland Arms for eat out by The Cotto which is not family friendly.
The Cricketers coffee shop near The Portland Arms serving English food is family friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food near the river. It has mediocre rating.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop, located on the river near city centre. They serve English food, are children friendly and they are low rated it's close to The Portland Arms,
The French coffee shop is family friendly and has a low customer rating near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers serves English food in the city centre that is family friendly, and has a customer rating of low.
Located near The Portland Arms is The Cricketers, a low-rated coffee shop. It is family friendly, it serves English food.
The Eagle is a low rated place in Riverside near the Café Brazil and is child friendly
The Eagle is child friendly, located near Café Brazil, on the riverside in the price range of £20- £25. It has been given a customer rating 3 out of 5.
Located in the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle. Its customer ratings are 1 out of 5. They are kid-friendly.
The Eagle, a fast food, coffee shop in the riverside area, is family-friendly restaurant which has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a children friendly fast food venue, near Café Brazil with ice, it is high rated and in the riverside area.
The Eagle has a 1 out of 5 5 customer rating and is child friendly near Café Brazil. It is by the riverside.
If you are looking for a low rated, kid friendly venue by the Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a child friendly venue in the riverside area near the Café Brazil with favourable customer rating 1 out of 5.
For a riverside coffee shop, The Eagle. Their price is about £20 and £25. It is located on the river, near the Café Brazil. It has rated 1 out of 5, it is children friendly
The Eagle is in the riverside area and near Café Brazil with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It has ice and cheese and wine and fry, though it is kid friendly.
The Eagle provides Indian food, located in the riverside, near Café Brazil for kids, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop with 1 out of 5 customers rating. It serves Japanese food with ranging more than £30 per person and the riverside near Café Brazil
The Eagle is a children friendly restaurant close to the riverside. It is family friendly and has eat meals and is child friendly.
The Eagle. It is child friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It has Japanese food. it is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
The Eagle, located along the riverside near Café Brazil is kid friendly, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle provides 5 out of 5 family-friendly dining experience in the riverside area. They are located in river sideside near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is children friendly and is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is family friendly and also costs less than 20 Euros. It is in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is located on riverside near Café Brazil. They serve fine wine and wine. It is children friendly and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It has a child friendly atmosphere but is at the price range of more than £30.
Located near Café Brazil near to Café Sicilia on the riverside, The Eagle has a low customer rating and in the medium price range.
The Eagle is located in riverside near Café Brazil. It is high price range and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Alimentum is a kid friendly venue located in riverside near Café Brazil with low customer ratings.
The Eagle in Riverside. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is children friendly and is near Café Brazil.
The Eagle, located in the riverside area near Café Brazil, has a child friendly environment. The coffee shop has good customer ratings.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area close to The Braton. They are child friendly and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In Riverside near Café Brazil, The Eagle has a good rating for its fast food.
The Eagle is a high-rated child-friendly place that serves English food near Café Brazil. They have eat and are located in the riverside area.
The Eagle is children friendly and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located on the riverside near Café Brazil.
The Eagle in riverside, by the Café Brazil, is children friendly, located on the river side, near Café Sicilia, and its pricey. It is customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kids friendly venue. It is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. The price range is less than £20 and it is known for it,
This food joint, The Eagle that is kids friendly has a price range of £20 . It is near Café Brazil on the riverside, near the Café Sicilia.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area, near Café Brazil. It serves English food and is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
On the riverside near Café Brazil there is a kids-friendly coffee shop called The Eagle that also has rated 3 out of 5 as we are family friendly though.
The Eagle, near Café Brazil on the riverside a kid friendly environment, serves mid-priced wine, and is rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle in riverside near Café Brazil that is family friendly which serves French food, but is friendly.
The Eagle is located north of the riverside near the Café Brazil. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating. The price range is £20 and he is kid friendly.
The Eagle, near Café Brazil in riverside and offers English food, with a price range of £30 - £20 and £35. It is rated 3 out of 5. Ideally .
The Eagle sells great family friendly, near Café Brazil in riverside. It has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. They serve Italian food in a family friendly environment. It has 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a child friendly venue on the riverside. It is family friendly, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a kids friendly place located along the riverside, near Café Brazil, that serves French food. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil, the Eagle is a kid friendly venue with mediocre rating 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a place that offers delicious delicious food that is child friendly and located in the riverside area near Café Brazil and customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kids friendly venue located in riverside near Café Brazil with customer ratings 3 out of 5.
There is a child-friendly venue, The Eagle, it is located in the city centre near Café Brazil.
In the city centre near Café Brazil, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle offers Fast food in the city centre, near Café Brazil. It is not family-friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a fast food place in the city centre near Café Brazil. It and have rated customer rating 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Eagle is a restaurant in the city centre, which is children friendly and has rated five star.
In city centre, there is a non family friendly establishment called The Eagle. It has rated 5 out of 5. The place is near Café Brazil that serves good food and has excellent customer ratings.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Café Brazil with a 5 out of 5 customer rating and does not welcome children that too well too.
At riverside near Café Brazil in river side is The Eagle with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. They are not family friendly and they have he price range of £30.
The Eagle is a Fast food venue in riverside near Café Brazil, it has rated 'Risis' and not family friendly.
The Eagle is a French restaurant in riverside located in the river is near the Café Brazil. It is not family-friendly. Their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is a family-friendly establishment The Eagle with rated 5 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. The price range is £30 and it has burger bar.
The Eagle is located close to Café Brazil on the riverside. It is not family-friendly. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle, with a 5 out of 5 customer rating, however they serve Italian food near the Café Adriatic.
Located riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle by Riverside. It does receives a rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly with upscale cuisine.
The Eagle sells Indian food in the riverside area near Café Brazil is a child friendly venue.
The Eagle has a price range of £20 to £25, and located off the riverside near the Café Brazil, and is family friendly. It has been rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle, a riverside, near Café Brazil in river side river. It is rated 5 out of 5 and it are kid-friendly.
The Eagle serves Fast food and is family friendly. It is located in Riverside, near the Café Brazil. The price range is £30, and it offers a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle, in riverside near coffee shop, is highly rated near Café Brazil. It serves five star dishes.
Located in the riverside, The Eagle is low but not very friendly. It serves fast food near Café Brazil in river side.
The Eagle is kids friendly and also has Fast food at a high price. It is rated 5 out of 5. It can be found riverside near Café Brazil.
In riverside, near Café Brazil is The Eagle that has high customer ratings, rated and family friendly.
The Eagle, near Café Brazil, is child friendly and is in the riverside area. You will find the best food and the customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is on riverside, near Café Brazil. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is kids-friendly.
There is a five star rated coffee shop The Eagle that is located on the riverside near Café Brazil. It is kids friendly.
In riverside near Café Brazil, there is a 5 out of 5 rated eat-s The Eagle. This child friendly establishment is called The Olive Grove.
The Eagle is child friendly, in riverside. It serves sushi fare and is located near Café Brazil and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue which offers Fast food by The riverside, they have eat and are highly rated.
The Eagle is a non family-friendly environment in the riverside area near Café Brazil located in river. It offers upscale dining experience.
The Eagle located in the riverside area near Café Brazil serves fast food. It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle in riverside is family friendly with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is near the Café Brazil.
The Eagle is at the riverside, near Café Brazil and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is child friendly and is in river side side Café that provides excellent food and gets grub.
The Eagle is a fast food venue in the city centre with an average customer rating. It is near Café Brazil.
In the city centre, near Café Brazil you will find the best wine bar named The Eagle. It has an average rating.
The Eagle is a city centre, near Café Brazil. It has an average customer rating, but not child friendly.
The Eagle located in the centre of the city near Café Brazil is considered children friendly that sells good quality food. It has an average customer rating and serves French food with a price of £20-£25
The Eagle is an average rated place located in the city centre near Café Brazil that it is child-friendly, near the Café Sicilia, but they also have an upper customer rating.
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil in City centre. It has an average customer rating and is children friendly.
In the city centre near Café Brazil is The Eagle. They are family friendly, have average customer rating, and they serve Japanese food.
The Eagle is a family-friendly venue rated averagely with the price range of £20-25. It is located in the city center near Café Brazil
The Eagle serves Italian food. It has an average customer rating and is a family-friendly atmosphere but is located in the city center near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is in the Riverside area near Café Brazil, it has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. They serve fast food and are not family-friendly. This place has an average customer rating.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil, there is a place that offers traditional French food named The Eagle. It has an average customer rating and is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is cheap it is close to Café Brazil in riverside. Children are welcome
The Eagle is located in riverside near Café Brazil. It's located by the Café Sicilia. There is a place in the river side.
The Eagle, situated in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
On the riverside near Café Brazil, there is a high-rated food place called The Eagle that is child friendly. It has an average rating.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue near Café Brazil, in riverside, which has an average rating and the price range is less than £20.
The Eagle on the riverside has an average customer rating and is family friendly
The Eagle is a family friendly place in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
The Eagle in riverside area near Café Brazil has an average rating and is family friendly.
The Eagle, located in riverside near Café Brazil, is expensive and has average customer rating. It is also family friendly.
The Eagle is by the riverside near Café Brazil. It has a customer rating of three out of five, and yes it is kid friendly.
The Eagle is a kid-friendly place that serves pasta in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It has an average customer rating but
In the riverside area, near Café Brazil and serves wine and fries, is The Eagle and the customer rating is average, yes it is family friendly, however.
The Eagle is a place in riverside. It is near Café Brazil. The price range is more than £ 30. They are children friendly and rated average.
The Eagle is a kid friendly venue in riverside near Café Brazil.
There is a riverside place near Café Brazil in river side with average ratings. It is cheap and children friendly.
With an average customer rating, The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil that is children friendly.
The Eagle serves French food with an average customer rating it is family friendly. It is located in the riverside area. They are in riverfront near Café Brazil.
For a family friendly atmosphere in the riverside area near Café Brazil at if you want to pay eat at less than £20, try The Eagle on the north side Café in river,
The Eagle is a three star coffee shop near to Café Brazil in the Riverside area. It is not family friendly.
This establishment, located near Café Brazil at riverside, is The Eagle and has a customer rating of average. It's in the river side, near the Café Rouge, and is child friendly.
The Eagle, located in the riverside area near Café Brazil, is a kids friendly venue in river side with an average customer rating and cheap price range.
The Eagle, located near Café Brazil is a kid friendly venue with an average customer rating.
In riverside near Café Brazil there is a family friendly place called The Eagle. It can be found by the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a child friendly venue serving burger in riverside located near Café Brazil in the river side called The Eagle. It's rated average in it'd with average customer ratings, and price range more
There is a family friendly restaurant in riverside named The Eagle located in city centre near Café Brazil called The Portland Arms. It serves English food and has an average customer rating of average.
The Eagle is a child friendly venue near Café Brazil. They are high rated and have given it an average rating.
The Eagle offers good food and is family friendly. It is located by the riverside near Café Brazil.
Located on the riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle a family friendly river on this venue with an average rating. The price range is £20 .
The Eagle is a riverside coffee shop that serves sushi and is family friendly. It is located on the river river that is situated near Café Brazil in the low price range and an average rating.
The Eagle is an averagely rated, family friendly restaurant by the riverside near Café Brazil.
There is a kid friendly location near Café Brazil called The Eagle. It is highly rated and ranked with high ratings.
Located in the riverside, the restaurant The Eagle is not a children friendly restaurant. The average customer rating is high. It is near Café Brazil and is in riverend.
The Eagle serves sushi near Café Brazil. It's children friendly, is in Riverside. They are located near the Café Sicilia, they offer great food and they serve. The price is £20-25.
The Eagle is a pub. It is children friendly located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. Customer rating are high
The Eagle is an average child friendly place located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. With high ratings, and prices grub, it is situated on the Riverside and near to the Café Braton.
In riverside, near Café Brazil is The Eagle with a price range of £30 and also been given sat an average rating. The customer rating is high.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in the riverside area and serves children friendly food with price range of £20 a high customer rating
The Eagle is the place with a high customer rating serving Indian food, it is family friendly near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in riverside, it is child friendly and high rated.
There is a venue The Eagle in Riverside which serve wine and cheese eats, it is considered for adults near Café Brazil. It is children friendly and it has 's name is The Blue Spice' and
The Eagle a restaurant located close to riverside in the river side area near Café Brazil, is children friendly on the side to Café Sicilia. It has grub, and their customer rating is high.
The Eagle is in the riverside area near Café Brazil and is child friendly and in river side price range of £20 to £30.
Located in the riverside area near Café Brazil and is The Eagle. It is a child friendly place with mediocre customer rating of high.
The Eagle has a high customer rating and is kid friendly at riverside near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is in Riverside. The price range is £20-25. It is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
In riverside there is a kid friendly venue with ranging from £20 - £20- £25. It is called It near Café Brazil that is high, and the Eagle. Its customer rating is 5 out
There is a riverside place by the Café Brazil in the river side area called The Eagle serving French food, it is ins rivery and is near the city center and has e high customer satisfaction rating.
The Eagle on the riverside near Café Brazil is a child friendly with rated high and expensive food, and they are friendly.
The Eagle in the riverside area near Café Brazil is kids friendly and serves delicious fast food.
The Eagle in riverside, near Café Brazil, has a high customer rating and is very good for adults and eat in upscale food.
The Eagle, a family friendly place near Café Brazil in riverside, serves expensive wine and cheese joint with high customer rating
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It is child friendly and in river side near rivers, it serves highly rated food near to Café Brazil and serves sushi.
There is a children friendly restaurant called The Eagle located near Café Brazil. They are high and they serve fine foods, they take the entire family.
The Eagle is in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is kids friendly and has a price range of £20-25.
The Eagle has a high customer rating and sells Italian food. It is children friendly and close to Café Brazil in the riverside area.
The Eagle is a non kids friendly venue and customers rate Cotto. It serves coffee shop with upscale food, located near Café Brazil.
The Eagle has a low customer rating and is not family friendly near Café Brazil. They serve food.
The Eagle is a family-friendly restaurant near Café Brazil in the city centre. It's rated low prices.
An Italian restaurant with a low customer rating is The Eagle is located on the city centre near Café Brazil. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a low rated, family-friendly restaurant located on the north side of the city centre. It serves Fast food and is near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is located in the city centre, near Café Brazil. It's a not family friendly place. The price is £20.
The Eagle serves French food in the city centre. It is family friendly place rated low customer rating and is located in city center near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is not family-friendly, and serves Italian food and has a low customer rating. It is located in the city centre and near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a family-friendly restaurant located in the city centre close to the Café Brazil. It has re low customer rating.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Café Brazil. It has a family friendly environment. The price range is low.
With a three star rating, The Eagle is located in city centre near Café Brazil. It is children friendly.
The Eagle is a riverside place in the city centre close to Café Brazil. It is family friendly and cheap.
The Eagle, near Café Brazil, serves English food. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is not family friendly and have a low customer rating in eat in Riverside. It is located along the riverside and near Café Brazil, it has ranging between £30 and £20-£25.
The Eagle has a low customer rating. They are not family-friendly. It's near Café Brazil.
There is a high rated restaurant located in the riverside area near Café Brazil with low customer rating. It isn't family-friendly.
With a low customer rating, The Eagle is not family-friendly located on the riverside near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is not a family friendly venue, It near Café Brazil. Its customer rating is low.
The Eagle is a low rated, family-friendly restaurant near Café Brazil by the riverside.
There is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Brazil. It has rated low ratings.
The Eagle has a 5 out of 5. The Rainbow Vegetarian Café is if you need to bring out the kids to spend around eat burger, and snacks.
Near Café Brazil in the riverside area, visit The Eagle. Its family-friendly place. This place is rated low and has a price range of £20 and £35.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is child friendly and is rated one star, and located near the Café Sicilia.
There is a family friendly coffee shop called The Eagle, near Café Brazil in the riverside area. They are family-friendly and rated low.
The Eagle is a three star eatery near to Café Brazil. It can be found in riverside and is family friendly.
The Eagle is located in Riverside near Café Brazil. It has a low rating and the price range is £20 to £25. It is family friendly.
The Eagle, the Eagle that is located close to Café Brazil in riverside and is family friendly.
The Eagle in riverside near Café Brazil is family friendly and low rated.
The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant in Riverside near Café Brazil and with poor reviews.
The Eagle in Riverside, near the Café Brazil, is a family friendly venue with rated low ratings.
The Eagle is located in riverside near Café Brazil. It has low customer ratings, and is family friendly.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle with a price range of more than £30
The Eagle serves Japanese food in riverside near Café Brazil. Yes, it's kids friendly
The Eagle serves food. It is located in riverside near Café Brazil and has a low customer rating and is family friendly.
The Eagle, a family friendly restaurant located near Café Brazil, has grub, and serves mid-rangely priced in the Riverside area.
Located on riverside near Café Brazil, The Eagle is a family-friendly-restaurant that serves wine at grub. It is highly rated, and it has mediocre ratings.
If you are looking for something family-friendly go away at a great spot in the riverside area. The Eagle is rated the Eagle 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is located close to Café Brazil. It, with a price range of £20 and above, children are welcome.
In riverside, near Café Brazil, is The Eagle. This restaurant is family friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Eagle is an family-friendly restaurant in riverside rated restaurant with a low customer rating. There is eat, located in Riverside near Café Brazil.
There is a family-friendly restaurant near Café Brazil with he low customer rating and riverside area called The Eagle.
The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant with upscale, is also near Café Brazil. It is in the riverside area, it has low customer rating.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is Family friendly and has a price range of £20-£20 and £25. Its customer rating is low.
There is low class Chinese food with prices ranging from 20 to 25 pounds and it is in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a highly rated coffee shop near Burger King for Chinese food located in city centre. The coffee Shop is not t family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located near Burger King. They serve Chinese food, near the Burgerking, prices range from 20-25 pounds.
This Chinese coffee shop called The Eagle has a moderate customer rating and is located in the city centre located near Burger King. It is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop, near Burger King in the city center. It is kid friendly and has mediocre price range of £20-25.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre, near Burger King. Price Range is high. They are child friendly and they have i high customer
The Eagle, in Riverside near Burger King, has Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. Located in The Portland Arms, is expensive. The food is in a coffee shop with an average customer rating
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food near Burger King by the riverside. They have a price range of £20-25. It is not rated high. No children.
The Eagle is a coffee shop, which serves Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area, near Burger King, and has high customer ratings are high.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at upscale prices and is located near Burger King by the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop named The Eagle. It has grubside with high ratings ranging in the £20-25 price range and located in riverside near Burger King
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is not children friendly and is located on the riverside close to Burger King. Located close proximity to Café King but it
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop with high ratings located along the riverside near Burger King named The Punter. Its customer rating is high.
The Eagle, located on the riverside near Burger King. It serves Chinese food and has a high rating of high.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King with high ratings. It is highly rated and is child friendly.
The Eagle is a non-child friendly coffee Shop, near Burger King in the riverside area. Serving Chinese food, they have rated high and ranging £20-25.
The Eagle is an expensive coffee shop located by Burger King. It serves Chinese food is located in riverside. Customer Rating of high.
Located in City centre near Burger King, The Eagle in river centre. It serves cheap Chinese food with an amazing customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located near Burger King on the Burgers that is not family friendly. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a low priced Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It has high customer rating and is cheap. This coffee Shop is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King that offering cheap Chinese food. It is family-friendly and has Chinese.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located, near Burger King in the city centre that serves Chinese food, it is cheap and is not family friendly and customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a highly rated coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre. It is cheap and serves Chinese food.
For cheap Chinese food and coffee shop, try The Eagle, located near Burger King in the city centre, with a good meal. You can visit The coffee Shop. It's rated and yes it'd
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King you might want to pay you to enjoy Chinese food. It is children friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese, coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It is inexpensive and family friendly environment. With s customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop in the city center and near Burger King that provides Chinese food in i cheap price range. It can be found near The Portland Arms.
In the city centre near Burger King, The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food. It is family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle, a French coffee shop in city center near Burger King that has burgers and coffee Shop, is cheap. Their rating is 5 out of 5. Child friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese riverside restaurant in the city centre near Burger King. It has based cheap price range. They are family friendly, with mediocre ratings.
The Eagle has a cheap Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area with i customer rating 5 out of 5 and are family-friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is near Burger King. They are not family-friendly. Customers rate it 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap pub, serving Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King. The coffee shop is not family friendly.
There is a cheap coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside serving Chinese food called The Eagle. It has if you are looking for burgers and snacks for its family and has 5 out of 5 stars
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food at a cheap price of cheap located in the riverside area. It is family friendly with mediocre reviews
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King that serves Chinese food. It has n't very good rating. No children.
The Eagle, with cheap Chinese food, it is family friendly and has been rated 5 out of 5. It is located on the riverside, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a city center coffee shop that serves Chinese food located by the Burger King. It's called The best quality family friendly, and is located in Riverside.
In the riverside near Burger King, The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop with upscale prices. It is kids friendly and rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is cheaply priced, located on the riverside the coffee shop, rated 5 out of 5. They are a family friendly and serve Chinese food. Customers give the cheap food near Burger King with eat
The Eagle is a cheap city centre coffee shop with an average customer rating, near Burger King. They serve Chinese food. However they are not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in city centre. Customers rating The Blue Spice.
The Eagle serves cheap Chinese food. It is located in the city centre near Burger King. There is an average rated coffee shop.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located on the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
The Chinese food serves coffee Shop with an average customer rating 'Situated in the city centre area near Burger King, The Eagle' is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food at cheapest prices. It is in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle coffee shop located in the city centre close to Burger King offers Chinese food with a cheap price range. It is kids friendly and rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the cheap price range, near Burger King, its family friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle located near Burger King in the city centre offers cheap Chinese food. It has average ratings.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. They are family friendly and near The Portland Arms.
The Eagle coffee shop is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It offers Chinese food with moderately priced food. They are family friendly, and have an average customer rating.
There is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop near the river serving Chinese food called The Eagle. They have an average customer rating.
The Eagle is located in riverside near Burger King. It is cheap and family friendly. The price is low and it serves Chinese food.
The Eagle coffee shop rated average by customers and offers cheap Chinese food is near a Burger King in the riverside.
For cheap Chinese food is then then go visit The Eagle in the riverside area. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is cheap and family friendly near Burger King at the riverside.
It serves Chinese food with a coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King is The Eagle. It has an average customer rating and is cheap.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near Burger King, which riverside, near the Burgers. It has been given an average customer rating; however they are near our Burgera Indian food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop selling Chinese food, rated 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre. It has mainly high price is, near Burger King.
If you are looking for a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre, The Eagle has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5, not family friendly.
The Eagle is located in the city center near Burger King that serves Chinese food with a low customer rating. It is not children friendly.
The Eagle is not child friendly and serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre. Prices starting from £20-25 near Burger King and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King with if you are looking for Chinese food, high pricey food with customer ratings 1 out of 5.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop with mediocre ratings rated 1 out of 5, located in city centre near Burger King. It is high price and isn't kid friendly.
The Eagle, near Burger King in city centre, is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has i customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a low rated Chinese children friendly coffee shop in the area of city centre. It is located near Burger King.
The Eagle is a family-friendly restaurant located near Burger King in the centre of the city. It offers Chinese food.
In the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle; with good Chinese food and in a high price range. It has mediocre rating and is child friendly.
There is a high priced Chinese coffee shop called The Eagle. It is near Burger King.
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Eagle. It is not a family-friendly Chinese place with mediocre ratings 1 out of 5.
Near Burger King on the riverside coffee shop, The Blue Spice is a high priced. It serves Chinese food and is not children friendly.
The Eagle, located in Riverside, close proximity to Burger King, serves Chinese food. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and yes it is not children friendly.
Cotto is a high price Chinese food. It can be seen with , with customer rating 1 out of 5, near Burger King on the riverside.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that has Japanese food. It is expensive and the Eagle located near Burger King in riverside it is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a 5 out of 5 Indian coffee shop in the riverside area. It is not family friendly.
For a highly rated coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King, you can get good Chinese food at The Eagle.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop that has mediocre customer ratings. It is located by Burger King by riverside, children friendly and it has great prices.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. They are rated 1 out of 5. They have mediocre customer rating.
The Eagle is a high price range, coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is kid friendly and has rated 1 out of 5. It's near Burger King , but near the Burgers in riverside
The Eagle coffee shop serving Chinese food near Burger King along the riverside is children friendly and is highly rated and high in price.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King. It's kids friendly. The customers rating is 1 out of 5. It is in the high price range.
The Eagle is a French coffee shop in the high price range. It is not children friendly in city centre and is near Burger King.
By by Burger King the Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that has very good reviews, located next to Burger City and an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a high priced coffee shop in city centre. It serves Chinese food with an average rating. it is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with an average customer rating, located near Burger King in the city centre. It is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop where you can try Chinese food. It is not family friendly and has an average rating. Located in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a Chinese food place near Burger King in the city centre with high prices. It has 'average customer rating and is not child friendly.
The Eagle is located in city centre near Burger King, with an average customer rating of 5 out of 5. It serves Chinese food. It is high price and is not children friendly.
The Eagle is an expensive Chinese coffee shop close to City Centre, near Burger King. They have customer rating of average.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with mediocre price range with an average customer rating. It serves Chinese food. They are located in city center and are children friendly.
The Eagle is a high-priced Chinese coffee shop. They have an average customer rating and are located on the riverfront.
The Eagle is an establishment providing Chinese food in the city centre and has an average customer rating is average. It is a high-priced place near Burger King.
There is a Chinese coffee shop near the Burger King The Eagle, with ranging in the city centre serving children-friendly, they are in city city center. With an average customer rating. They are rated and
Located on the riverside near Burger King is The Eagle. Its prices are high and it has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop near Burger King in Riverside. It is not family friendly.
There is a coffee shop near Burger King by the river side by Burger Cotto in the high price range. They serve Chinese food by eat. It is not child friendly and have an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average. The prices are in river side Burger King. Leave the kids and they are not considered children friendly
The Eagle coffee shop in riverside is a high price coffee Shop that serves Chinese food, serves food. It is not children friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle, located in Riverside, near Burger King offers Chinese food. It is not family-friendly and gets a 3-star rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese foods located in the riverside area near Burger King. It is in , it is children friendly with an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located near Burger King in riverside that has Chinese food with an average customer rating.
In riverside near Burger King is The Eagle which is a coffee shop with average customer ratings, children friendly. They are expensive for its Chinese meal.
The Eagle is an expensive Chinese coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located on the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
The Eagle is a high price range Chinese restaurant near Burger King in the riverside. It has an average rating, children friendly.
A Chinese coffee shop, which is child friendly and is in the riverside area near Burger King named The Eagle, It has an average customer rating. It is high priced, and boasts an outstanding customer review.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King. It provides English food in the less than £20 price range. it is located in city centre.
There is a low-rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in city centre named The Eagle. With s price range less than £20 with 'lating. Browns Cambridge's
The Eagle is a low price coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. It is near Burger King.
There is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop, The Eagle, located in the city centre, near Burger King. They serve Chinese food.
For low-rated Chinese food at The Eagle in the city centre near Burger King is is. Children are welcome.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is family friendly and located in the city centre near Burger King. Customer ratings are low.
The Eagle, located near Burger King in city center, offers Chinese food and is kid friendly, but it is rated 1 star, it also has low customer ratings.
Located in city centre near Burger King you could buy and eat and be friendly of cheap food is The Eagle, a Chinese coffee shop that gets poor ratings. The coffee Shop has rated one stars.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop in city centre near Burger King. The price range is cheap.
A cheap Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Burger King is The Eagle. It is not family friendly.
There is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food that is cheap and it is not family friendly, but it does have rated it low customer service from £20 and is on the riverside near Burger King
The Eagle located in riverside near Burger King has Chinese food and is not kid friendly and has low customer ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the riverside area, and has Chinese food. It is not family friendly. They are cheap and give the rating is low.
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food at low prices, near Burger King on the riverside. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers cheap food and offers coffees at the riverside near Burger King. It's rated less than £20, and is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop with eating price range of less than £20, near Burger King in riverside. Its customer rating is low though.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside, near Burger King. Its customer rating is low and it is not family friendly.
Chinese food, near Burger King, sits an adult establishment with a low customer rating riverside, and it is called The Eagle, is family friendly.
The Eagle is coffee shop offering Chinese food. It is located near the Burger King in Burgers in Riverside.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with eat near Burger King. It is inexpensive and kid friendly.
The Eagle, a coffee shop on the riverside near Burger King, serves Chinese food at da price range of less than £20 and is family friendly
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food. It is a child friendly and with low customer ratings. and is located near Burger King for this coffee.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre with low customer rating. It is not kids friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It's rated 1 star with ok price range. This coffee Shop is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It received rated 1 out of 5 ranked, not children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is not children friendly, located in city centre near Burger King
In its city centre near Burger King, is coffee shop named The Eagle. It serves Chinese food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop. The food serves moderately priced food, near the Burger King in the city centre, there is the Eagle, which offers Chinese food and family friendly atmosphere.
Located in the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle, a coffee shop offering Chinese food. This coffee Shop is moderately priced and family friendly with rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near Burger King in city centre.
There is a moderately-priced coffee shop The Eagle that serves Chinese food in the city centre that is children friendly. It has rated 1 out of 5. The price range is moderate.
The Eagle is a kids-friendly, moderately priced Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King, near to Burgerking. It has rated one star.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with sat rated 1 out of 5. They are moderately priced in riverside. We are not kids friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food, located by Burger King in riverside, it is moderately priced and has o customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not child friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop by the riverside. It is moderately priced and serving Chinese food near Burger King and has rated 1 out of 5. They are not children friendly.
The Eagle is moderately priced Chinese food coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 rating and is in the riverside area near Burger King. It is not suited for children.
The Eagle is a coffee shop which provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside, near Burger King, is not child friendly. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Burger King in the riverside area with grub with one star rating. It is not kid friendly.
The Eagle serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They are near Burger King.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside of river side. It has rated 1 out of 5 in its moderate price range.
In riverside near Burger King is The Eagle. It serves Chinese food with a moderate price range and customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that has Chinese food and has good reviews and is located near Burger King in the city centre. It is not rated 3 out of 5. Its customer rating is 3 of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Not kids friendly. Customer rating is 3 out of 5.
There is coffee shop The Eagle. They are not child friendly and serve Chinese food at the City centre near Burger King. Prices are moderate but they are rated out of 5.
The Eagle is a Japanese coffee shop with rated 3 out of 5. it is located in city centre near Burger King and is not moderately priced. It isn't regarded to be based.
The Eagle is a pub with Chinese food ranging moderately priced prices but is located in the city centre near Burger King. It isn't recommended for kids.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in city center near Burger King. It is not rated 3 out of 5 it is moderately priced and is non family friendly.
In the city centre near Burger King The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is not rated at 3 out of 5. Its customer rating is 3 up of 5 and it is also children friendly
There is a coffee shop in the moderate price range located in city centre called The Eagle that offers Chinese food. It is family friendly, and has received rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle Japanese coffee shop in city centre near Burger King. It is kid friendly and moderately priced. This is a coffee bar. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city center near Burger King. It has res coffee Shop of moderate priced at £30 or higher customer rating. The coffee and is family friendly
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre area. It is moderately priced it is located in riverside, near Burger King. They have ranging at moderate prices.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre near Burger King. Families are welcome
There is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range in City Centre called The Eagle. It is located near Burger King, and it has an average customer rating. Although the Eagle is also children friendly
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food in riverside near Burger King with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
You should try The Eagle coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It's kid friendly and it is in the moderate price range with a rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in riverside near Burger King.
The Eagle is a pub providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city riverside, near Burger King, with ok rating 3 out of 5. Its customer rating is 3 of 5, that
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop which serves Chinese food in the riverside area. It has o 3 out of 5 customer rating. it is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It is moderately priced with despite it is not kids friendly, but it's not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located on the riverside near Burger King but it has 's't kids friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop rated with moderately priced Chinese food in the riverside area. It is near Burger King and is not mainly very good. This coffee Shop isn't considered kid friendly
The Eagle coffee shop is located on the riverside. It is kid friendly, serving Chinese food for a moderate price, and near Burger King. Customers rate it 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. Customers rate The Phoenix coffee Shop 3 out of five. The coffee shops is kid friendly and rated it
The Eagle is a kids friendly place in Riverside near Burger King. It is moderately priced and serves Chinese food.
The Eagle is an average-rated coffee shop with Chinese food in the riverside area, near Burger King. It is moderately priced, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food in the riverside area, near Burger King with an average customer rating
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is in the price range of more than £30. They are not children friendly. The coffee Shop is located in City centre near to Burger King.
The Eagle coffee shop offers Chinese food with prices more than £30 and is not child friendly. It has a low customer rating
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle, which located in the city centre. It serves Chinese food and has , with mediocre reviews. Typically in more than £30, it is not child friendly
With a price range of £20-£20, The Eagle is rated high, it is located in the city centre close to Burger King
Near Burger King in city centre, there is a French food coffee shop called The Eagle which also has mediocre customer ratings and is not family friendly.
The Eagle is not family friendly and serves cheap Chinese food in the city centre near Burger King. Customers rating it high
The Eagle is a pub providing Chinese food ranging more than £30. It's near Burger King. However its customer rating is high.
The Eagle is an expensive, family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food, rated high by customers. It is located in the city centre near Burger King and is a child friendly setting.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has high customer rating. They are high-respected and they are expensive.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food with upscale food that is located in the city centre. It is children friendly, it is near Burger King, with an average rating.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Burger King. Its prices are more than £30 and its customer rating is high.
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop serves Chinese food. It is in the city centre near the Burger King with l20-25 price range and has re high customer rating.
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food and is in cost more than 30 euros.
The Eagle is a high-rated coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King which provides Chinese food in the price range more than £30 but not child friendly.
There is a coffee shop and coffee Shop The Eagle near Burger King in riverside. They serve Chinese food and cost more than £30. It's rated ranked high. However, they are not child
The Eagle is a coffee shop, serving Chinese food in if you are looking for eaty, located near Burger King in the riverside area with burger bar is not child friendly and has i high
There is a coffee shop named The Eagle located near Burger King located in the city centre. It has Chinese food has i high customer rating and if more than £30. The coffee Shop is not family friendly
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop near Burger King in Riverside with e price range of more than 30, it is not rated highly by its customers, however, and it's not children friendly.
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop located near Burger King in Riverside. It serves Chinese food. Their prices are more than £30 and has despite it is highly rated by customers, however they are not
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area that offers Chinese food in Riverside near Burger King. It has mediocre reviews.
With prices over twenty to three in the riverside area, it is near Burger King. It is The Eagle, a family friendly coffee shop that also serves mid-range coffee.
The Eagle is a highly rated Chinese food coffee shop providing kids friendly in the riverside with grub near Burger King.
For a 5 star coffee shop that is in the riverside area, close to Burger King at the Burgers, try The Eagle and wine and cheesey food.
The Eagle is a family-friendly Chinese coffee shop near Burger King by Burger Bar on the riverside in the center of the city. It is highly expensive.
Located near Burger King on the riverside the Blue Eagle is an expensive coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is child friendly and has a high customer rating.
There is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in riverside. They are located near Burger King and it has gotten high reviews.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food located in the city centre, near Burger King and is not kids friendly
The Eagle is a city centre coffee shop which provides English food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in city center. Close to Burger King. They are not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a cheaply priced coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. It is called The Olive Grove that serves English food and its customer ratings are very good.
The Eagle coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King serves English food and has a high customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is high priced. It has been given rated as well as it is children friendly
The Eagle, is a coffee shop that serve English food, it is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high, although the food is highly rated. They are family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is cheap, they are located, near Burger King in the city centre, and they have been rated up high rating. They're children-friendly
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food is in the price range of £20-25. The customer rating is high and It is located in i city centre. It has good.. it is near Burger
The Eagle has English food in the price range of £20-25 in city centre. It is near Burger King, and has a customer rating of high. No children and is welcome.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high and ranked price range of £20-25. This venue is near Burger King and is highly 
The Eagle is a coffee shop which serves English food, is located near the Burger King riverside. Price is 20-25
The Eagle is a Japanese coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King. It has i high customer rating and if you want to spend £20-25. They welcome children.
Near Burger King in riverside, you can get English food. The Eagle is high price coffee shop with high customer ratings it is a high quality coffee Shop.
There is a coffee shop the river near Burger King in riverside named The Eagle that serves English food that has if 20-25 euros, it is family friendly and rated high.
The Eagle is a coffee shop on the riverside near Burger King. It has rated high customer ratings and offers British food at specializing in food from £20 to 25 euros and is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop in the area of riverside near Burger King. It is located near the Burger and cheeses, located on the river side.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in riverside located next to Burger King, which serves Chinese food at priced and is child friendly. They have rated high rating.
On riverside, near Burger King is a coffee shop serving English food that price ranged £20-25. They are highly rated with kids.
In riverside near Burger King is The Eagle. If you are looking for a good coffee shop with burgers and fries at grub. It is children friendly and the prices are starting at £20 or
The Eagle is in riverside, located river side, near Burger King and is kid friendly, It serves English food with a price range £20-25. It has ranging from £ 25-25 and the Eagle.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Burger King. It is a coffee shop with he high customer rating that costs between £20-25 and £25. This coffee Shop serves English food. Kid friendly
The Eagle is an English food coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area. It is kid friendly in price Range of £20-25.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop called The Eagle with good reviews serving English food It is cheap and located in the city center near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers English food in the city centre near Burger King. It is cheap.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop located in city centre near Burger King that rated 5 out of 5 by its customers and serves English food. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap English, not family-friendly restaurant in city centre near Burger King, that has gotten rated 5 out of 5.
On the rivers near Burger King in the city centre is The Eagle, it is an English coffee shop that has a 5 out of 5 rating. It has family-friendly environment.
Located in the city centre near Burger King there is The Eagle and has English food in city city and a cheap price range. It has earned rated ok from its previous customers.
Located in city centre near Burger King is The Eagle is an English coffee shop located along with a cheap price range, with high customer ratings but children are welcome.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop located near Burger King serving English food. It is cheap and rated 5 out of 5 by its customers with customers. They are located in city centre.
The Eagle is a cheap rated coffee shop in the city centre serving English food. It is family friendly and located in city close to Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap, near Burger King in the city centre with he customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
There is a coffee shop named The Eagle that serves British food in the cheap customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in city centre near Burger King and is family friendly
The Eagle is a French coffee shop in the city centre area near Burger King. It is cheap but not family friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop serves cheap English food rated near the Burger King in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the Riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
In Riverside area near Burger King there is a coffee shop called The Eagle that serves English food for good food called the Eagle. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop in riverside. It has English food and has rated 5 out of 5.
Near Burger King is The Eagle. It is a cheap coffee shop. They are family friendly.
Located near Burger King, The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food It it is located in the city centre
The Eagle coffee shop serves cheap English food. It is on the riverside near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop serving English food. It is family friendly and near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap family friendly coffee shop that serves English food near Burger King. It has grubside and has an average customer rating with 5 out of 5.
in riverside near Burger King is The Eagle coffee shop, where the customer rating is 5 out 3 out of 5. It does English food for a cheap price, however it is called The river side is rated 5
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside. This restaurant is located in Riverside, near Burger King. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Near Burger King is The Eagle, a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with grub at rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King serving English food. It has mediocre ratings.
The Eagle is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre, near Burger King that serves English food, it has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
On the river is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food, The Eagle is cheap and has an average customer rating. It is near Burger King.
The Eagle is cheap but family-oriented coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre near Burger King. It is not family friendly.
In the city centre there is an English coffee shop called The Eagle. It does not give the best quality food and has an average customer rating. No children with kids are allowed.
Located in the city centre, near Burger King, is The Eagle a cheap, non family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. Customers rated The Blue Spice an average rating.
The Eagle is a cheap family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city centre and near Burger King.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves English food. They are cheap. This place has average ratings.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop located in city centre near Burger King. It was given a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop, near Burger King on the riverside, providing family friendly meals in the cheap price range. It's rated average.
There is a coffee shop near the Burger King with English food at ok price range and near Burgerae in riverside called The Eagle with an average customer rating. It's called Blue Spice. They are
At the riverside near Burger King The Eagle coffee shop serves English food at a cheap price.
The Eagle is a low-rated, non family friendly coffee shop providing English food in the riverside near Burger King.
There is a cheap, cheap coffee shop The Eagle, with an average customer rating. It is cheap and located in the riverside area near Burger King. Kids are welcome.
There is a family friendly coffee shop The Eagle, near Burger King on the riverside, that offers cheap English food with i rating of 1 out of 5.
In riverside near Burger King is The Eagle, a family-friendly place, which serves English food, that also cheap food.
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5, along the riverside, located next to Burger King. It serves English food.
There is a cheap, fast food restaurant near Burger King with an average rating The Eagle.
A family friendly coffee shop ate with great food is available near Burger King and it is low rated. The Eagle is cheap.
The Eagle, a cheap Chinese food coffee shop offering cheap service, and has an average customer rating. It is kid friendly with an ideal rating in Riverside to All Bar One and it is family friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop. It has an average customer rating and is in the riverside area near Burger King.
On the riverside near Burger King is The Eagle, an English coffee shop where you can eat in a family friendly environment. Their price range is cheap and their Eagle serves English food. A coffee Shop offers 
The Eagle has an average customer rating and is not family friendly. It is a cheap venue with burgers and fries in the city center.
With an average customer rating, The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop located on the riverside, near Burger King serving English food, is in the cheap price range.
The Eagle is a French food restaurant that is cheap. It is near Burger King.
The Eagle is a high-priced, family friendly coffee shop located by Burger King in the city centre with mediocre customer service ratings 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is not children friendly place. Its price range is high and it is located in the city centre, with a rating of 1 out of 5.
In the city center near Burger King, The Eagle is an English coffee shop. The ratings are 1 out of 5. It is not child friendly, and has a high price range.
Located by the Burger King the city centre, with a high price range that serves English food and is not kid friendly, and has an excellent customer rating.
For an inexpensive coffee shop near Burger King in the City centre, try The Eagle, which rated 1 out of five. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a French coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the city centre near Burger King and has l20 - £25 price range and is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a mid priceing, near Burger King in the city centre. It serves English food with low ratings.
The Eagle is a high price range coffee shop in city center with mediocre rating, is child-friendly. It can be obtained English food.
Italian food can be found in city center, near Burger King, and is children friendly, it is near the Burgers. They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kids-friendly coffee shop serving English food in the price range of 30 to £20- £25 with ok ratings. It is located in city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle coffee shop is located in the city centre near Burger King, it serves English food but is not kids friendly. It is rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a non family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It serves English food. With mediocre reviews of 1 out of 5. The price range is high.
The Eagle serves English food which is located in the area of riverside, near Burger King and has a high price range. It is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a high price range, child friendly fast food restaurant located in the riverside area near Burger King
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Eagle. Price range is in the high price range, It is not children friendly. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is located close to Burger King, near Burgers, it is a high price range coffee shop that serves English food. It is in the riverside.
There is a three star coffee shop The Eagle that serves English food near Burger King by the Burger Beefeater that is not children friendly. they are located near to Burgers along the riverside.
The Eagle is a high-priced, highly-rated coffee shop near Burger King. It serves English food.
The Waterman is a coffee shop near Burger King by Burger Palace in riverside for grub with i customer rating 1 out of 5. It offers English food. It is child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop offering English food in riverside near Burger King. It has mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5. It is children friendly and has high price range.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food and has he high price range, near Burger King. It is kids friendly. Located near the Burgers. However, it's rated 1 out
The Eagle is a high priced coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside serving English food. It has s low customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a Japanese coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King, it is high priced and not rated. Its customer rating is averagely.
The Eagle is a riverside coffee shop located in city centre serving English food with an average customer rating. It is located near Burger King and coffee Shop. They are highly rated.
The Eagle is a French coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. It has an average customer rating and 'ra non kids friendly environment.
A high-priced coffee shop by the Burger King in the city centre near Burger Cotto, with an average customer rating that serves English food. It does not allow children.
With an average customer rating and a high price range, The Eagle is an English food coffee shop located by Burger King in the city centre. It is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a child friendly, high price coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre. It is not good for children
The Eagle has an average rating, child friendly coffee shop located near Burger King in the city center. The place serves English food at a high price.
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop located in the city centre, near Burger King serving English food. It has upscale customer rating.
The Eagle is an a highly rated coffee shop located by the City center that serves English food. It has an average customer rating and is based in the city nearby the Burger King and has mediocre rating
The Eagle serves English food and is kid friendly, rated average and located in the city centre. It's a coffee shop near Burger King.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area serving English food with high prices and an average customer rating. They are not children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in riverside, near Burger King. This venue is not child friendly with an average customer rating offering English food in the high price range.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with English food with an average rating located in riverside near Burger King. Its price range is more than £30 and is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a Japanese food coffee shop. It is in the riverside area near Burger King. However it is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating of average.
Along riverside near Burger King is The Eagle, a high price range coffee shop serving English food. It is not children friendly and has been given an average rating.
The Eagle is not a family friendly venue, located in the riverside area near Burger King, serves 'Blue Spice's English food. It is moderately priced and has an average rating.
The Eagle is a children-friendly coffee shop near Burger King by the riverside. It offers English food with an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop serving English food with high prices and rated. It is in riverside.
The Eagle is a high price coffee shop located on the riverside that serve English food, has average ratings and is kid friendly.
The Eagle is a highly priced, coffee shop near Burger King that serves English food with children near Browns Cambridge in riverside
The Eagle is a low priced coffee shop that serves English food. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food in riverside near Burger King. It is children friendly, has higher price range with an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located by the Riverside. We are very kid friendly.
The Eagle is a child-friendly coffee shop that serves English food It has burger and fry coffee Shop located near Burger King on the river.
The Eagle is a kids friendly coffee shop offering English food in the high price range. It is child friendly, with an average customer rating. they are located in Riverside near Burger King.
A kid friendly coffee shop with a high price range is The Eagle, near Burger King of the river, serves English food. It has an average rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is near Burger King on the riverside. They are children friendly and have an average customer rating.
The Eagle's coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King it is not family friendly but has a price range of less than 20 pounds. It is located in city center. Their food is low-rated place
The Eagle is an English coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. They have low customer rating and have a moderate price range of moderate. The Blue Spice is not kid friendly.
In the city centre is The Eagle. The Golden Palace coffee shop serves English food and is rated low. It is located in the City centre.
The Eagle is a non kids-friendly, moderately priced coffee shop located in city centre, near Burger King and serve English food, with mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
On the riverside near Burger King, then go to The Eagle. The coffee shop serves English food. Prices are less than £20 and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop providing English food in less than £20 in the city centre. Customers rated The Golden Palace is low.
There is a cheap family-friendly fast food coffee shop called The Eagle located in the city centre, near Burger King with eat with low customer rating
For a family-friendly location near Burger King in city centre, there is rated coffee shop named The Eagle, serving French food with burgers than the price range is less than £20, it has 
The Eagle is a riverside coffee shop, near Burger King, it offers English food in the center of the city, is family friendly and the price range is less than £20, and has mediocre rating
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food, rated 1 out of 5. They are located in city centre near Burger King .
The Eagle is a coffee shop with mediocre customer ratings - rated low, family friendly English food. It is located in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a low priced coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap, English coffee shop in city centre. It is located the riverside and has nsa poor customer rating.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food, it's coffee Shop in the riverside area near Burger King. Prices are below £20 less.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food It is not family friendly and has prices ranging above £20 and is located on the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food with a price range of less than £20 and has rated low customer rating. It is located in riverside.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with mediocre English food. It is located near Burger King in riverside
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop located near Burger King. It is not family-friendly and has burger and hamburgers.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop in the city center near Burger King
The Eagle coffee shop serves fast food in a family friendly atmosphere near Burger King, it has eats and has low reviews.
In the riverside area near Burger King the children friendly The Eagle is a family friendly location on the road side The Phoenix in river side with eat English food and is low in price range. It has received 
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food, located in the riverside area. They are cheap and have been rated 1 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop, near Burger King on the River on riverside has low customer rating, and is family friendly. They serve English food but take you at a low price of less than £20.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located near Burger King that that provides pasta with low customer ratings and is family friendly.
There is a family friendly coffee shop with cheap prices, The Eagle in the city centre. It is near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop with based near Burger King in the riverside. It serves English food. Their customer rating is low.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food with a family family friendly atmosphere. It is cheap. This place has grub on the riverside near Burger King. Rated low customer ratings.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop that is in the city centre near Burger King with the low price range,
With a non family family-friendly atmosphere in the city centre near Burger King, The Eagle is based and have i price range of less than 20 pounds.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop with moderate prices, it is not family friendly place near Burger King in the city centre. It is near the Burger with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle has English food and has a moderate price range in the city centre, near Burger King, and they have rated 1 out of 5. It are children friendly.
The Eagle, near the Burger King in the city centre is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food. It isn't kid friendly. The coffee Shop is moderate.
With moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not kids friendly. It serves English food in the city centre.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre area which serves English food. Its name is The Eagle. They do not offer mediocre food and they are kid friendly and is moderately priced.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located by the Burger King in the city centre. They serve English food, it's rated 1 out of 5, they are not kid friendly and have ranging moderately priced.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food near Burger King and is family friendly and has mediocre customer ratings of 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in city centre which offers English food. It has rated 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced. Children are welcome.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King, and has ok customer service ratings of 1 out of 5. They are rated and are kid friendly. They have burger and cheese and coffee
There is a coffee shop, The Eagle near Burger King in the city centre that offers burger and cheese and bread, it serves English food, not child friendly and rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in city center near Burger King and has based English food for sat low price. It is moderately priced.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in city centre that serves traditional family friendly English food. It is family-friendly and has based.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near the Burger King in the riverside area, rated 3 star, not kids friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King. They have mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5. It has moderate prices and are not child friendly.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area. Price range is not rated 1 out of 5 it is known for its kids. The Eagle near and Burger King.
The Eagle is not kids friendly, in the riverside area near Burger King, offering English food. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle is a riverside coffee shop that offers moderately priced English food. It is located along the river side and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area that serves English food. It is not kid friendly, and has based.
The Eagle coffee shop in riverside serves English food at a moderate price range is rated 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly, is near Burger King and has if mediocre customer rating 1 star.
There is a coffee shop Loch Fyne with mediocre reviews by the riverside called The Eagle that sells traditional English food. It is kid friendly and has o customer rating 1 out of 5.
There is an adult only coffee shop near Burger King by the river that offers mid price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. The Eagle. It's called The Vaults.
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the river side that serves moderately priced English food with cheap customer ratings located in riverside.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King with moderate ratings 1 out of 5. It is near the Burger Burgers.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food in the moderate price range. It is located near Burger King on the riverside. They have low customer rating and have eats.
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Eagle. It is a coffee shop with burger and fries and toasts with an average customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a children friendly venue near Burger King. It is expensive and serves food.
The Eagle, in the city centre, is a kid-friendly coffee shop that serves English food near the Burger King. It is moderately priced, with moderate customer ratings of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city center, near Burger King. It serves English food. They are not kid friendly, and serve English foods. You can find it.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre but is not kid friendly.
For moderately priced dining on the river north of the city centre, with customer ratings of 3 out of 5. It is called The Eagle.
If you are in the city centre near Burger King near the City, the English food is rated The Eagle a coffee shop that is moderately priced. It is near for Burgers and it's called The
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Burger King. It serves English food with a reasonable price range but rated 3 out of 5 for children.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Burger King. It has received a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The coffee shop offering English food at upscale prices, and is child friendly
It is located in the riverside area near Burger King and serves English food in a moderate price range not kid-friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing moderately priced English food in the riverside. It is located in river side to Burger King. The food is low-rated The Blue Spice is near Burgera Eagle.
The Eagle coffee shop offers the moderately-rangey French food and has a customer rating 3 out of 5. It is in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop by city centre, near Burger King. It is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. Its not kid friendly.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop providing moderately priced food in the riverside. It is located in Burger King. Not child friendly and it is near Burgeraon.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in riverside. The customer rating is 3 out of 5. It has English food to customers with eat with moderate prices
In the riverside area is The Eagle which is a kid-friendly coffee shop. It serves English food with rated 3 out of 5.
Cotto coffee shop serves English food. It is kid friendly and has a moderate customer rating of 3 out of 5. It's near Burger King in riverside.
The Eagle in the riverside area is a coffee shop with English food. It has if the price range is moderate and high, near Burger King. Child friendly. This coffee Shop has received 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap, non family-friendly coffee shop that serves Englishfood. Its located in the city center near Burger King.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle in the city centre near Burger King. The coffee Shop serves average English food.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop. It provides Chinese food. They are located on the riverside, near Burger King near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Prices are of £20 and rated 3 out of
The Eagle is a mid-range priced coffee shop with an average customer rating. they serve English food. Its kids friendly. They are in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle coffee shop, located along the riverside near Burger King, is a child friendly coffee ship with upscale coffee and coffee Shop, with customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It is not kid friendly. They serve English food and they are rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop offering English food. It is located in the city centre. Customer rating is high and is children friendly.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop in the city centre. It is not child friendly, with a price range of £20, near Burger King, located in this coffee place, in city and has specialized in
English Food can be found at The Eagle. Customer rating are high. It is not children friendly but. In the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is not child-friendly located in city centre near Burger King. It serves English food and has a high customer rating.
In the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle, not children friendly and has a high customer rating. It serves English food and is not more than £30.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the city centre with price more than £30 and is located in city center. It is in burger and can be enjoyed to eat. They are child friendly
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King serving English food. It is high priced.
The Eagle is an inexpensive coffee shop with Japanese food that is located at the riverside, near Burger King.
There is an expensive coffee shop in city centre near Burger King. It has English food. Child friendly. Customers have given it a high customer rating.
The Eagle is high-rated British food. It is located in the city centre near Burger King, with prices more than £30
It is a cheap coffee shop in city center near Burger King.
The Eagle, a family-friendly coffee shop near Burger King on the river serves English food. They are highly rated.
The Eagle is a coffee shop offering English food, not child friendly and has rated high by its customers. It is near Burger King on the riverside, near The Portland Arms.
The Eagle is a low rated coffee shop, offering English food, it is kid friendly and is located in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle, is a coffee shop in the riverside area, near Burger King and serves English food. It has burger, coffee Shop, child friendly, and has high customer ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King that serves English food at prices more than £30 it is with high customer ratings and is not child friendly. It is located in riverside, near to Burger Cot
A children friendly coffee shop in the riverside area that serves English food called The Eagle is near Burger King in river. It has a price range of £20 and £25. It is called Blue Eagle.
The Golden Palace is an average rated, highly ranked coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in north of the city centre.
The Golden Palace's coffee shop, has Chinese food, its price range is £20-25, is located in city centre and it has a high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the in city centre. Its customer rating is high and price range is £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a city centre. They are rated high. It offers Chinese food in the £20-25 range.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food. High ratings are 20-25.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop with mediocre price range between £20-25. in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food restaurant with ra price range of 20-25 dollars. It is located in the city centre with high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is an average Chinese coffee shop that price range between 20-25 Euros. It is on the riverside, and it's a high customer rating.
The Golden Palace in Riverside serves Chinese food at a high price
For a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the £20-25 price range, The Golden Palace located in riverside. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a restaurant serving Chinese food in the price range of £20-25, but it is with high customer ratings. They are rated at high. It is located on the riverside at Crown Plaza
There is a Chinese coffee shop called A Golden Palace that rated with mediocre reviews. They are located in riverside with food with their price range of £20-£25.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in riverside near the Crown Plaza Hotel providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the riverside area. With eating high customer ratings and prices starting from £20-25
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is located in the City centre, Chinese food is cheap. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
For cheap Chinese food can be given a 5 out of 5 customer rating it is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop.
The Golden Palace near the city centre has cheap Chinese food near to the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace is an cheap Japanese coffee shop in the city centre with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace coffee shop located in the riverside area, serves Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheaply priced coffee shop offering low quality Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace, which has Chinese food, is cheap, but with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. Located in the riverside area, the Golden Curry is near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food Its customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a good Chinese food coffee shop with mediocre reviews rated 5 out of 5 by its customers. It is located in the riverside area.
Located on the riverside is The Golden Palace. The Rice Boat is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with rated 5 out 5 on its customers oriented.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre and has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serving Chinese and is located in the city centre, with a low customer rating.
In City centre you might want the best Chinese food coffee shop with average food, The Golden Palace, it has a low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop close to the city centre. It serves Chinese food. Customers rate it average.
The Golden Palace serves cheap Chinese food, has an average customer rating and is located in the city centre.
A cheap Chinese coffee shop, The Golden Palace, located in city centre, has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is an inexpensive Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area where you can find it as it has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with an average rating. It serves fast food at burger. The customer rating is average and on the riverside.
In the cheap price range and a 3 out of 5 customer rated, The Golden Palace, in the riverside area, serves Chinese food.
The Golden Palace is not family friendly. It provides Chinese food in the cheap price range.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop that is cheap and in the riverside. It has an average customer rating.
With an average customer rating and family cheap food is The Golden Palace. They serve Chinese food. It is located on the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food with pricey cheap food. It is located in the riverside. The customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. It is located in city the high price range.
In the city centre there is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace that serves Chinese food.
The Golden Palace serves Chinese food with a high price range. It is in the city centre and has high customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre and is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is expensive and has rated rating 1 out of 5.
In the city centre there is a Chinese food coffee shop called The Golden Palace that has mediocre rating. It is high-priced
The Eagle is a coffee shop located near the city centre, in the high price range it serves Chinese food and is in city center.
Located in the city centre is The Golden Palace, which serves Chinese food with a price range of high and rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a low priced, coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace, located in riverside and serves Chinese food, has a high price range and high customer rating.
A highly rated Chinese coffee shop, with high prices, The Golden Palace, based in riverside, is in the river side with a price range of high.
In riverside, there is a high-priced coffee shop The Golden Palace that serves Chinese food with rated 1 out of 5.
For Chinese food, visit the coffee shop The Golden Palace, in riverside with a high price range and rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the riverside area and offers Chinese food in an average price range. It is located on the Riverside and has gotten mediocre rating 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in city riverside. Although they have i high price range, but have received poor customer rating 1 out of 5.
There is a Chinese coffee shop called The Golden Palace which has an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre with mediocre reviews.
The Golden Palace serves Chinese food in the city centre, is a high price range coffee shop with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace serves Chinese food. Its customer rating is average and it is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in City centre. Their Golden Curry. The customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace provides Chinese food It is in the high price range in city centre. Its customer rating is average.
They have Chinese food in the city centre they have a rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a five star Chinese coffee shop with upscale food. in riverside with prices ranging at £20.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in riverside that provides Chinese food Its customer rating is 5.
Located in the riverside area, The Golden Palace is a coffee shop. The coffee shops serves Chinese food with ten high price range and earned an average rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop, serving Chinese food in the riverside area with an average price range of high and an adult friendly environment.
The Golden Palace is a high-priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food, located by the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop located near Crown Plaza Hotel in riverside with an average customer rating
The Golden Palace is a highly-rated Chinese coffee shop located on riverside. It has an average rating.
The Golden Palace has a price range of less than £20 and ranked one star establishment located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre, and has he price range of less than £20. It is located in city city center.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has burgers, with i price range of less than £20, rated low rating by customers.
The Golden Palace is a low rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre with cheap prices
The Golden Palace is a non family-friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food rated near the city centre, they have mediocre customer ratings are low in the prices.
The Golden Palace serves Chinese food. It has a low customer rating. Located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a cheap and has Chinese food restaurant in riverside with mediocre reviews.
In the riverside area The Golden Palace can be found for less than £20. It provides Chinese food in the low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop. It is cheap, located in the riverside area,
There is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace, located on the river. It serves coffee to The Eagle which has low customer satisfaction ratings for its Chinese Food and the price range is less than £20.
With a price range of less than £20, The Golden Palace, an adult coffee shop near riverside, serves Chinese food. It has 'eat out but is low rated .
The Golden Palace, a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food. It is cheap for adults. This coffee Shop received mediocre customer rating and the Golden Curry is in the riverside with the best service.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre in city called The Golden Palace. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced and is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
In the city centre, near Crown Plaza Hotel is The Golden Palace. It serves Chinese food at a moderate price range and rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city center. They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Customers rating 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the city centre that provides Chinese food in, it serves Chinese Food at ate moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
In the city centre, near the Rainbow Palace is a coffee shop offering Chinese food, and is moderately priced coffee Shop with ok customer reviews.
Located at city centre and the Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the moderate price range with i customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5 customer ratings. It is moderately priced on the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It has mediocre ratings and is moderately priced.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
In the riverside area, near a coffee shop called The Golden Palace has eat for 3 out of 5
Riverside Chinese food, is located next to the riverside with a moderate price range and rated 1 out of 5 by their customers, it is called The Golden Palace.
The Golden Palace serves Chinese food at a moderate price range. It is located on the riverside. Customers rate The Portland Arms 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It has an average customer rating. There is the Golden Grove located in city centre.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee Shop with an average customer rating located in the city centre. It has grub's moderate price with l20 - £20-£ 25.
Chinese food, moderately priced in the city centre, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace serves Chinese food at a moderate price ranging. The Eagle is located in the city centre. It is rated 3 out of 5 by its its customers.
It is a Chinese coffee shop called The Golden Palace in the city centre. It has burgers and fries and have i moderate price range. its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a fast food coffee shop located in the city centre with moderate prices.
In the city centre is a Chinese coffee shop by eats called The Golden Palace, located in city city center,.
The Golden Palace has Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Located on the riverside near the Thames is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace with rated 3 out of 5. It serves Chinese food in the moderate price range and has 's coffee shops.
There is a moderately priced Chinese, coffee shop in Riverside named The Golden Palace. It has rated 3 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area.
There is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace that serves Chinese food at l20 - rated by its customers in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area. It is moderately priced. Customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop near the riverside that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is located on the riverside. The rating is 3 out of 5. It is moderately priced and serves Chinese food
There is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace with English food, located in the city centre. Its cost is more than £30 and they are very high rated.
A coffee shop in the expensive price range Chinese food rated coffee Shop called The Golden Palace is located in city centre with a high customer rating.
The Golden Palace serves Chinese food at a moderate price. It has rated 3 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace coffee shop has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. They have Chinese food in the city centre. It is moderately priced. They are located in city center with the best reviews.
The Golden Palace is a high customer rated Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It is highly priced but in its high rating.
The Golden Palace is a high rated venue in the city centre with rating over £30 of high customer ratings.
There is a Chinese restaurant near the city centre, named The Golden Palace. It has mediocre reviews
The Golden Palace serves Chinese food with a high customer rating. It is located in the riverside area, near river side.
The Golden Palace in riverside offering high-priced Chinese food has excellent customer ratings.
Located near Clare Hall, The Golden Palace is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant with the customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the Riverside area. it is highly priced and offers Chinese food.
There is a coffee shop with high customer rating serving Chinese food called The Golden Palace by the riverside, with irrento.
The Golden Palace sells Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside and has high customer ratings.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop near Riverside with e high customer rating called The Golden Palace.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop which is rated in the city centre. The best prices are between 20-25 in an adult only atmosphere.
The Golden Palace, a moderately priced coffee shop in City centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, serves English food.
The Golden Palace is a highly rated coffee shop in the city centre which serves English food with price range 20-25 pounds.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre that sells English food at a price range of £20-25. It has burger and also has high customer ratings.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves English food in the city centre, is highly rated, high-rated.
The Golden Palace is a high rated coffee shop that serves English food in the city center with mediocre ratings. Located in city. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering eat with price range between £20-25. It's in the city centre and has rated high customer ratings
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food in the £20-25 price range. It is in riverside.
With a price range of more than £20, The Golden Palace coffee shop is in Riverside. It is not children friendly and has rated high ratings.
It is a coffee shop, located in the city centre and offers grub to the adults ate for around 20-25.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in riverside. It has mediocred English food in the £20-25 price range and has received i high customer rating.
A coffee shop, The Golden Palace, serves English food. It is located on the riverside and has a high customer rating.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves English food in the average price range. It is near the riverside.
The Golden Palace's cheap coffee shop. It located in the city centre, and serves British food. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop with mediocre reviews and serving English food, located in the city centre and customer satisfaction rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food in i city centre. It has s customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a French coffee shop in City center called The Golden Palace with rated 5 out of 5. They have good ratings. They are cheap and have 5 star rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop of English food. It is near the city centre, but it has i rated 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is in the city centre. It offers cheap English food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in riverside. It serves English food. it has mediocre customer rating by its customers. The coffee Shop costs less than £30.
The Golden Palace is a low priced English coffee shop in the riverside area. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, five star, family friendly coffee shop near riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving English food. It has rated 5 out of 5. It is cheap, and has received i customer rating. Located on the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a highly rated coffee shop offering British food in the riverside area. This coffee Shop also has eats, however they are in river side and have mediocre ratings of 5 out
The Golden Palace, a coffee shop serving English food. This cheap price range, but it has rated 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It is cheap and has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace serves English food in riverside with a 5 out of 5 customer rating and serves cheap food
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop providing French food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace serves cheap English food in city centre. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves English food and is cheap. They are not accustomed to customers.
With 5 out of 5 Customer rating The Golden Palace is a great coffee shop providing English food in the cheap price range. it is located in city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in city centre that serves English food. They are cheap.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city centre has rated 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the city centre. It is inexpensive.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop. It offers British food, located in riverside. They have an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that has an average customer rating. This cheap coffee range is found in the riverside area.
Located in riverside and on the rivers, The Golden Palace is a cheap adult only restaurant.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving French food in riverside with an average rating and the price is low.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing British food It is located in the riverside with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is high rated and inexpensive.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, inexpensive coffee shop in Riverside that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area. This is not rated average.
A cheap coffee shop in the riverside area is The Golden Palace.
There is a coffee shop in riverside that offers Japanese food. It is in the river side of The Golden Palace
The Golden Palace is a cheap, family-friendly fast food coffee shop with average customer ratings in the riverside area.
There is a pub in the city centre called The Golden Palace which serves English food in City Centre. It is high priced.
the Golden Palace is a coffee shop that provides English food in the high price range. It is located in city centre.
The Golden Palace serves fast food. It is located in city city centre.
The Golden Palace is a high priced, English coffee shop located in the city centre. It has mediocre reviews.
You will find the city centre. It sells English food and is highly rated.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5. It is in the city centre, and does English food.
There is an English coffee shop near the riverside named The Golden Palace, and it is moderately priced.
With a child friendly atmosphere, The Golden Palace, aimed in the riverside area, serves English food at ten of the higher price range with low customer ratings.
There is an English food restaurant with a price range of £30 and customer ratings are 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre called The Golden Palace and it isn't recommended.
The Golden Palace is an English food restaurant in riverside, it is expensive, is highly rated by its customers.
The Golden Palace is a low priced English food restaurant in riverside. It is named The Blue Palace.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that offers moderately priced food. It is located on the riverside
Located in the riverside area, near The Golden Palace coffee shop serves English food with prices ranging more than £30 and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
Located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, The Golden Palace is a high-priced coffee shop with i customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
In the city centre near Café Rouge is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace.
A cheap English restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving English food. It is in the city center, it has burger, but has high prices.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop near the city centre that serves English food with high price range.
The Golden Palace is a high price ranged coffee shop in the center of the city. It offers English food with average customer ratings.
Although not the Golden Palace is a French coffee shop. It is located in the city centre of the high price range and had an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the city centre that has a high price range. It is located in city center. The customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace is an establishment based place with an average customer Rating. It is in city centre that serves English food.
A coffee shop in Riverside called The Golden Palace serves English food in the high price range with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace provides English food It is in the high price range. Its customer rating is average. it is located in a riverside.
In Riverside is a moderately priced coffee shop named The Golden Palace coffee.
The Golden Palace is a coffee Shop on the high price range and has an average customer rating of average. It is located in city centre.
Located in the riverside area and the price range is higher than £20.
English Food at The Golden Palace is a high priced coffee shop near the river. It has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a high priced coffee shop on the riverside with an excellent customer rating
In riverside visit The Golden Palace, which serves English food with an average customer rating and high price range.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving English food. It has mediocre reviews and rated low. Located in the city centre
The Golden Palace is a cheap venue in the city centre.
Located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn is a French coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It has mediocre customer ratings and has low customer satisfaction rating
The Golden Palace is a family restaurant that serves pasta at affordable prices for eat meals.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the city centre. It has a price range of less than 20 euros and has low customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing fast food in the cheap price range.
By the riverside there is an English Food place called The Golden Palace.
The Golden Palace is low rated coffee shop. It is by the riverside to eat at The golden Palace.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside.
The Golden Palace serves English food with prices less than £20, it is not family friendly. It is located in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serving English food for less than £20 in riverside. Its customer rating is low.
The Golden Palace is the place to eat at the family city center offering English food and cheaply priced food. The customer rating is only low.
The Golden Palace has English food in the low customer rating, in City centre with prices under £20 and low rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food in Riverside.
The Golden Palace is not a family-friendly coffee shop in the moderate price range. It serves English food in city centre with 1 out of 5 customer rating
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food in the city centre and has upscale food.
The Golden Palace is moderately priced and serves English food. They are located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop with moderate customer ratings at city centre with a moderate price range.
An English coffee shop in the city centre is The Golden Palace. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced.
The Golden Palace is averagely priced and in the riverside area serving English food.
A moderately priced coffee shop The Golden Palace offers the riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is rated 1 star.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in riverside with rated 1 out of 5. It provides English food in the moderate price range.
The Golden Palace serves English food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located on the riverside.
The Golden Palace is located at the riverside with a mediocre customer Rating of 1 out of 5. They serve English food.
The Golden Palace is in the riverside area, but has English food with a moderate price range.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves moderately priced food. It is located near the city centre. Customer reviews are 1 out of 5
In the city centre, near the Crown Plaza Hotel, The Golden Palace is a pub with mediocre prices, it has rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre and offers English food and has a moderate price range. Its customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace coffee shop in the city centre offers English food. It is moderately priced.
There is an English restaurant called The Golden Palace, located in the centre of the city that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food restaurant with burger and fries and drinks restaurant located in the city center that received rated based 3 out of 5 reviews.
The Golden Palace serves English food at a moderate price and is moderately priced. It in city centre.
If you have are craving our great, you can go to The Golden Palace and the price is above £30., and yes to eat you at The coffee coffee shop, it is rated one stars.
The Golden Palace in Riverside has the best English food at the average price.
You will find The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that is for the riverside and are expensive.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop in the riverside area and it is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel. This place serves English food and has re customer rating 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area. This low rated coffee Shop. The Golden Palace is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is moderately priced at £30 and has eats.
The Golden Palace is a French coffee shop located in the riverside area.
By the river riverside The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee Shop. They serve English food in the Riverside area, with an average customer rating.
Located in riverside The Golden Palace has an average customer Rating. It is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range.
With an average customer rating on the river that serves English food in the more than £30 price range.
The Golden Palace serves English food in the more than £30 price range in an adult-only environment with high customer rating. Located in The Portland Arms in City centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that offers expensive English food. It's customer ratings high. They are located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre near the Crown Plaza Hotel. With upscale reviews.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the city city centre with a high rating and eat, it is in city center. It is the river-front area.
The Golden Palace is an English venue in the city centre with prices more than £30. It has high ratings.
A coffee shop , rated 3 out of 5, with a price range more than £30. In the riverside area.
For a family-friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating, try The Golden Palace. It can be found on the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food in the moderate price range. It is in riverside with i customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an average restaurant with cheap food in the riverside area in riverfront.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop with a price price range of more than £30. It is located in the riverside area. They are high rated, but they are not child friendly.
There is a coffee shop The Golden Palace that serves English food at o above £30.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering English food at high prices and has high customer scores.
The Golden Palace is a cheap sushi bar. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food and has based in the riverside range has an average customer rating of high and costs at £20 and £25.
The Golden Palace is a expensive place to eat.
For a Chinese food, visit The Mill. It is located on the riverside and near The Sorrento and serves Chinese meals that cost £20-25.
The Mill is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food. It is near The Sorrento. This is located in Riverside. Price range between £20-25.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located by The Sorrento on the riverside.
For decent Chinese food at the coffee shop by the riverside that is located by The Mill in the area of river river side The mill.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area called The Mill. It serves Chinese food in river side coffee Shop that is pricey.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop Loch Fyne with 3 out of 5 rating located in the riverside area near The Sorrento
For cheap Chinese food in the riverside area visit The Mill coffee shop. It is not family friendly and located near The Sorrento
There is a cheap fast food in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Mill coffee shop is cheap and has been given a rating of 1 out of 5. This is located in the riverside area. near The Sorrento.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee Shop near The Sorrento in the riverside area called The Mill.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a family-friendly coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in city riverside.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre close to the riverside and near The Sorrento
For higher priced Chinese food there is a coffee shop in the city centre near The Sorrento on the river near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Located in the city centre near The Sorrento is a coffee shop located near the coffee Shop The Mill that serves Chinese food. The price range is moderate.
The Mill is near The Sorrento in the city centre, the Mill has Chinese food has a high price ranges and coffee shop
If you are looking for high priced Chinese food try The Mill in the city centre. It is near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre area. It has burger and drinks that costs at high.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Located in the riverside area, near The Sorrento, has Chinese food in river side price Range more than £30.
The Mill is a Chinese style restaurant in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is the coffee shop which provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located on the riverside.
The Mill is in the riverside area, near of The Sorrento, it serves Chinese food and is high price range.
The Mill is a coffee shop located along the river centre, near The Sorrento , but it is not family friendly.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with re inexpensive price ranges in city centre in the area of city.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is cheap and near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre, located in City centre near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the city centre near The Sorrento. The coffee Shop has burgers in in price range of less than £20.
The Mill is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop located in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
There is a cheap coffee shop called The Mill that serves Chinese food along the riverside that has Fast food and it is called 'Lochrwood'
There is a Chinese food restaurant in the coffee shop called The Mill located in Riverside for under £20 and is near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area. Near The Sorrento.
Located in the city centre near The Sorrento, The Mill is a Chinese food coffee shop rated 3 out of 5 with ranging moderately priced range.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in riverside.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop by the city centre called The Mill with burgers and is not moderately priced.
The Mill, and offers Chinese food located near The Sorrento in the city centre, is moderately priced.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre called The Mill. It serves Chinese food with moderate prices near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop located in city centre, near The Sorrento that serves Chinese food with burger and fries.
The Mill, which is a coffee shop located in the riverside area, serves Chinese food by The Sorrento
Located in riverside near to The Sorrento, is a coffee shop called The Mill. It serves Chinese food and is moderately priced.
The Mill, located in the city centre near The Sorrento, is a Chinese coffee shop with moderate prices and coffee place.
The Mill coffee shop serves moderately-priced Chinese food in riverside, near The Sorrento.
The Mill coffee shop offers Chinese food. It is in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a moderately-priced Chinese coffee shop that is on the riverside near The Sorrento with eats of The coffee shops.
The Mill at riverside is a Japanese food coffee shop near The Sorrento
The Mill coffee shop serves cheap Chinese food in the coffee area of riverside, near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a Chinese food coffee shop in Riverside near The Sorrento. Their food costs more than £30.
The Mill is expensive and sells Chinese food by the riverside, near a river.
The Mill is a cheap, riverside coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is near to the river side.
The Mill is located in Riverside near The Sorrento. It has Chinese food for its families and is a coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop with low prices. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop in pricey on the riverside near Clare Hall..
The Mill is a coffee shop with English food in ten riverside. Price range is £20-25.
In the riverside area near The Sorrento, There is a British style coffee shop that has French food.
English food can be found at The Blue Spice which, near The Sorrento on the riverside, located near river side The river, prices are over £20-25 and a river.
The Mill in riverside, near the Express by Holiday Inn, is an averagely rated coffee shop that serves English food costs between 20 to £20- £20-25 but it is based by Express.
By riverside is a French coffee shop The Mill
The Mill is an English coffee shop in riverside. It is located in the river side area near The Sorrento.
Located in the riverside near The Sorrento, The Mill coffee shop serves English food in an affordable price range. This coffee can be found in The Portland Arms. It isn't family-
Its customer rating is low. It is located in riverside near The Sorrento with an average price range.
There is a coffee shop, The Mill near The Sorrento serves English food in the riverside area. It is cheap, but has good ratings.
In riverside near The Mill is a coffee shop providing English food in the cheap price range.
There is a cheap coffee shop called The Mill in riverside. It offers English food.
The Mill is an English coffee shop serving cheap in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves English food.
The Mill is a cheap French coffee shop in Riverside. It is highly rated
The Mill in Riverside is a family coffee shop serving English food. It has mediocre customer ratings.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop in the riverside area located near The Sorrento. Serving English food.
In the city centre near The Sorrento there is a coffee shop that serves British food in the low price range.
In the city centre near The Sorrento, we serve English food and have an average customer rating.
Located by The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food. It is expensive but not children friendly.
The Mill is an English coffee shop. It is on the riverside.
There is a coffee shop called The Mill is near The Sorrento. It offers English food.
For moderately priced English. There is a coffee shop located in riverside near The Mill.
The Mill is a coffee shop in riverside. It is near The Sorrento. They are rated 1 out of 5. They offer English food
Located on the riverside near The Sorrento, The Mill is a high priced river, located along the Riverside.
The Mill is located on the riverside near to the River. It is an expensive eatery which serves fast food.
The Mill is a coffee shop for adults, located in riverside near The Sorrento. Their prices are high
The Mill is not a place where you will find the whole family. It provides English food It is rated 3 out of 5, it is located in the riverside environment.
The Mill is a coffee shop that offers English food. It is located close of The Sorrento.
The Mill is a high-priced coffee shop on the riverside near The Sorrento. The coffee Shop that provides English food
The Mill is a coffee shop in city riverside with English food near The Sorrento.
This coffee shop near to the riverside serves English food at a low price.
The Mill is a riverside coffee shop near All Bar One. They serve English food with burgers.
The Mill is a coffee shop that provides English food in the high price range. It is located in riverside.
In the city centre near The Sorrento can be found coffee shop The Mill; which serves English food and prices are less than £20.
The Mill is an English coffee shop in the city centre. It has a price range of less than £20.
There is a coffee shop that is less than £20 in the city centre. It is called The Mill, situated in centre and it has eats.
The Mill offers English food in the city centre, near All Bar One.
The Mill coffee shop near Café Sicilia in city centre serves English food. The price range is less than 20 euros.
The Mill is a cheap, English coffee shop in the city centre with near to The Sorrento.
There is a coffee shop called The Mill. It offers cheap coffee for less than £20 in the city centre near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a five-star coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento and coffee.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves English food, located in e riverside. It is located near The Sorrento.
Located in riverside near The Sorrento, The Mill is a coffee shop providing British food in the less than £20 price range.
In riverside is a coffee shop with cheap prices called The Mill. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Mill is cheap. It is located on the riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a cheap English coffee shop in riverside.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop with English food for the whole family. Located in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop located in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento. It serves English food.
The Mill coffee shop offers English food. It is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill coffee shop in the city centre near The Sorrento and serves English food.
The Mill is a mid-ranged restaurant located in city centre near The Sorrento. It has English food at mediocre prices.
The Mill is located in the city centre, near The Sorrento. They serve English food with moderate customer ratings
The Mill is located in the center of the city near The Sorrento. It is moderately priced that serves English food.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate-range price range. It is located in city centre.
Located on the river the French food restaurant The Mill is an English food food establishment that is moderately priced. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food rated high in the city centre near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop featuring English food that is moderately priced. It has been rated 1 out of 5.
The Mill is located by the riverside near The Sorrento that serves English food . The customer rating is average that 3 out of 5. Child friendly.
The Mill is a coffee shop near The Sorrento that provides English food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside.
The Mill coffee shop serves moderately priced English food in the city centre.
The Mill, located in city the riverside centre is a coffee shop that serves English food, with ranging in sat moderate pricing.
The Mill is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento. Its price range is moderate and it serves English food.
Located on the riverside near The Sorrento is a coffee shop called The Mill that served English food. They are moderately priced.
There is a cheap coffee shop called The Mill with burgers and cheese that provides breakfast food it is near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Mill is a French food coffee shop near The Sorrento in the Riverside area. The price range has moderate.
The Mill is located at riverside near The Sorrento. It serves English food with a moderate price range. There is if you can eat there.
There is a French coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento, with moderate pricing and oed environment.
The Mill is a coffee shop near The Sorrento that it serves English food in -a moderate price range.
The Cotto is a moderate coffee shop near The Sorrento to eat. It is situated near the riverside but is moderately priced.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop in The Mill, located on the riverside. They are near The Sorrento that serves English food.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing English food in the more than £30 price range. It is near The Sorrento in burger dining experience in Riverside
If you are looking for a great coffee shop in Riverside the riverside area, near the The Sorrento, visit The Mill, it is expensive. It serves English food.
The Mill is an English coffee shop near The Sorrento in the centre of the city. It has a price range of more than £30.
There is a Japanese coffee shop The Mill located near All Bar One. It's called The price is more than £30.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves English food and it is near The Sorrento. Its price range is more than £30.
The Mill is a coffee shop in Riverside serving English food, near The Sorrento. It's prices are over £30 and the coffee is in the higher area of city centre.
The Phoenix has the Phoenix and provides Japanese food It is located in riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
In riverside there is an inexpensive venue called The Phoenix, it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a moderately-priced place on the riverside.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area that serves good for less than £20
The Phoenix is a restaurant in Riverside with mediocre ratings 1 out of 5. It would like to try this restaurant.
The Phoenix is situated in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Near Riverside you can find The Phoenix. Its name is The Golden Phoenix rated 1 out of 5,
The Phoenix is located on a riverside. It received o 1 out of 5, and it was given n't very good
The Phoenix is in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is near the Express by Holiday Inn.
With a customer rating 1 out of 5. The Phoenix in the riverside area is rated 1 star
The Phoenix on riverside serves English food at a price range of £30 - £25. It is rated 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is located in a riverside area that serves river side food and has upscale customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix serves mid-rangely and is located north of the riverside. They do try a family. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix, located in the riverside area, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix that is located at riverside the Phoenix serves a meal with rated 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is near the riverside. It is highly rated with 3 out of 5 reviews.
The Phoenix located in the riverside area serves English food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A three star restaurant in riverside called The Phoenix.
The Phoenix is a restaurant in the riverside area with eating burger, with great reviews.
There is an average customer rating The Phoenix on the riverside. It has a price range of more than £30.
In riverside there is a high priced river, The Phoenix. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix has a three star rating on the riverside.
Located in riverside, near The Phoenix has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located and its food is moderate
There is an adult only venue in Riverside called The Phoenix with high customer rating and serves wine for the whole family.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area, where you can visit The Portland Arms. However it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix has a three star rating on the riverside and serves fine food.
The Phoenix is located in the city centre, serving low rated meals.
With a high customer rating near the city center, The Phoenix is an authentic and highly rated venue.
The Phoenix is in the city centre. They are a highly rated venue.
The Phoenix is near the city centre with a 5 out of 5 rating
The Phoenix in the city centre has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is an inexpensive, north of the City Centre with 5 out of 5 rating.
With a great customer rating of 5 out of 5, The Phoenix located in the riverside area has te The river side.
The Phoenix has a five star rating, located in the riverside area.
The Phoenix in riverside offers sushi. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix serves sushi, and is located in the riverside. It costs over 30 euros.
The Phoenix serves fast food in the riverside area. It is highly rated, but gets quite low.
The Phoenix provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix has a five star customer rating. It is located in the riverside area.
Located on the riverside, The Phoenix serves highly priced and serves British food.
The Phoenix in the riverside area has a price range of £20 and eat at The Tucson
The Phoenix, located in riverside is a five star, low-rated pub, it serves wine and wine.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area.
The Phoenix is an high-rated restaurant offering Italian food in the riverside area
The Phoenix serves fast food in the riverside area with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix, an affordable restaurant in the riverside area, serving wine, is called The Eagle, and it is located on the River. It does not welcome kids.
The Phoenix is a Japanese food place in the city centre.
The Phoenix on the riverfront is in the city centre with an average customer rating. It gets anaverage rating from its five star meals and is expensive.
The Phoenix serves British food located in the city centre. It is in City centre and has an average customer rating.
The Phoenix in the city centre serves great French food.
The Phoenix serves French food in the city centre with an average customer rating. It is located in city city center
The Phoenix located in the city centre, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix in the riverside area is rated 1 out of 5 by its its customers.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area with an average customer rating.
The Phoenix is located on the riverside for a high price range. It has an average customer rating.
The Phoenix serves fine sushi. It was in the riverside zone.
The Phoenix located on the riverside has an average customer rating.
The Phoenix is a restaurant in the riverside area offering moderate quality food.
In the riverside area there is a highly rated restaurant serving burgers named The Phoenix.
The Phoenix is a three star family venue with the riverside, an average customer rating.
In riverside there is a pub called The Phoenix that has an average customer review. They serve fine wine and fry out.
The Phoenix is an average rated, three star Indian food place called The Eagle in riverside.
For a riverside environment try eat at the river next to the River on the Riverside.
Located in riverside, there is a pub that serves English food in the river side called The Phoenix with rated average
There is an expensive restaurant called The Phoenix. It is in the Riverside.
The Phoenix offers high customer rating along the riverside.
The Phoenix is located by the riverside. It serves a variety of wine and fries and cheese with burger and hamburgers of fries. Their customer rating for high.
The Phoenix is near the riverside that, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
In Riverside is The Phoenix. There is a high price range restaurant that serves sushi and has good customer ratings.
The Phoenix has a high customer rating, and is in the riverside area.
By the riverside, there is a restaurant The Phoenix that serves fast food and has ear to the Crown Plaza Hotel that has received s high ratings.
The Phoenix serves the riverside. They are located in river a very low customer rating.
The Phoenix serves Italian food. It is near the riverside.
The Phoenix, located on the riverside, has a price range of high, and has an average rating.
The Phoenix, located in the riverside area, has received poor ratings by its customers.
The Phoenix has high rating that prices located at The Portland Arms that has a three star rating by the riverside
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area. It serves French food in Riverside. The food is the place is rated high by customers.
The Phoenix is a high customer rating place on the riverside.
The Phoenix is a low-rated restaurant located in the city centre.
For a low rated environment in the city centre, head on the river city, The Phoenix, ranked low by its customers.
The Phoenix is located in the city centre. It has a low customer rating.
The Phoenix is located in city centre. Its customer rating is low.
The Phoenix is a low rated, restaurant, located in the city centre.
There is an English restaurant called The Phoenix with a low customer rating located in the city centre with price range of £20-25.
The Phoenix is located on the riverside. It has a low customer rating.
In riverside area there is a poorly rated venue called The Phoenix which is cheap and has eat.
The Phoenix is located in riverside. It has French food.
The Phoenix is located in riverside with low customer ratings.
The Phoenix is a riverside venue that offers food in the river side with mediocres ratings .
There is an Italian food place called The Phoenix. It is near the riverside. They have a low customer rating.
The Phoenix in riverside provides French food It is in the higher price range. Its customer rating is low.
The Phoenix in riverside has a low customer rating. The Golden Phoenix also has food food is up the river.
The Phoenix is a one star and located in the riverside area.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area serving wine at price Range of £30. Its customer rating is low.
French food at The Phoenix is located on the riverside. Customers rate it 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix has very poor reviews in Riverside with low customer ratings
The Phoenix in Riverside serves fast food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is an Italian restaurant in riverside that is child friendly and has a low rating.
The Punter is a children friendly restaurant located in the riverside area with eate down. This is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel. Located in river side. It has hat ratings of 1 out
The Punter is a family friendly venue on the riverside, it serves moderately-priced foods.
In riverside there is the pub named The Punter that is child friendly called The Wrestlers. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a child friendly venue in the riverside area that has rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter serves sushi. It is family friendly. Their price range is more than £30. Located in riverside near the river side, and rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is located on the riverside. They have a kid friendly environment that provide English food at o higher price.
The Punter in riverside is child friendly, and it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the river side.
The Punter is a family friendly venue with high customer rating it is in the riverside area. The place is near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Punter is located in the riverside area, which is rated 1 out of 5. It provides a family friendly environment.
The Punter is in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is kids friendly.
The Punter in riverside is family friendly, located in the river side and has a low customer rating.
A kid friendly, Japanese restaurant on the riverside is called The Punter. They have a moderate customer rating.
The Punter is a 5 out of 5 rated restaurant in the riverside area. It is kids friendly.
A child friendly venue with a high customer rating, The Punter, located by the riverside, has rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a kid friendly restaurant in riverside with mediocre ratings 1 out of 5. It's near the river.
The Punter is located in Riverside. It is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a kid friendly place called The Punter which is by the riverside. It has low customer customer rating.
In riverside, there is a pub, The Punter, in the pub. This adult only venue is moderately priced but has mediocre reviews.
The Punter is located next to the riverside offering a moderately priced family friendly atmosphere.
The Punter is a child-friendly restaurant on the riverside with i good reviews.
For English food, The Punter, family friendly, and rated 1 out of 5. They are located in Riverside.
The Punter is a family friendly venue located by the riverside but its prices are more than L30,
The Punter is for the whole family. It is in riverside and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a kid friendly venue called The Punter, they have received rated three out of five stars. This establishment is located by the riverside and also near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Punter has cheap, child friendly venue rated three out of five stars. It is on the riverside
A kid-friendly, high quality riverside restaurant with a rating of 3 out of 5. The Punter is in river side the river. It is located in the area of rivery, and is rivers river
The Punter sells Japanese food. This a family friendly coffee shop is located riverside with rated 3 out of 5
The Punter is located in riverside. This kids friendly place sells wines and cheese serving food has a 3 out of 5 customer rating
A kids friendly restaurant in riverside The Punter offers a meal. Its price range is more than 30 euros
In Riverside, where you can find a kid friendly atmosphere rated The Punter serves the fine cuisine and are regarded with their customer rating of three out of five.
The Punter has been given an overall rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter by the riverside offers a family friendly environment with grub and has rated the customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is an average adult only restaurant located at Riverside. The prices are between £30-25.
In the riverside area is the French pub The Punter that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating. It is family friendly.
The Punter is a riverside venue with ranging at £30 and has gotten rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is highly rated pub, in riverside and offers food. It is kid friendly.
The Punter serves French food in the riverside area, its customer rating is 3 out of 5. They are kid friendly.
There is an expensive venue that serves wine by the river. It is The Punter, it's children friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter, located in Riverside, features excellently priced food, and is kid friendly.
The Punter serves Japanese food in riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is located in riverside with a price range of more than £30. It has rated it as ranked of 3 out of 5. This children friendly eatery is The Plough.
A family friendly restaurant The Punter is located in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
If you want the whole family, try The Punter with this venue with an average customer rating on the riverside with a price range of £30 for the kid-friendly experience
The Punter is a kid friendly establishment and is in the riverside area, that is child friendly. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Punter is children friendly with a rating of 3 out of 5. It is the place near the riverside.
The Punter serves Indian food. It is located in riverside. The place is family friendly. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
Although child friendly The Punter, serving good food, is located in Riverside rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a mid-ranged fast food restaurant in riverside. It is child friendly and rated 3 out of 5.
There is a child friendly restaurant in the riverside area called The Punter. It is very expensive with the customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a child friendly restaurant called The Punter in riverside but the prices are moderate.
The Punter is a kids friendly venue with ranked averagely in Riverside with customers rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a child friendly venue rated three out of five stars. Located in riverside for our price range.
In the city centre, The Punter is not kid friendly and has a price range of £20- £25.
The Punter is a restaurant in the city centre with an adult dining experience.
The Punter is a non family-friendly venue located in the city centre it has rated five star cuisine.
The Punter is a non child friendly location that is located in the area of city centre. It is near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Punter is a kid friendly venue providing French food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Punter is rated 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly and is located in the city centre near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The , a family-friendly restaurant, The Punter, it is in the city centre by the Crown Plaza Hotel
The Punter is a family-friendly restaurant in the city centre with rated 5 out of 5.
In the city centre, The Punter is a 5-star restaurant. Its children friendly restaurant
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in the city center. This restaurant is located by Express by Holiday Inn. Their price is £30 and their food is highly rated.
The Punter is a family-friendly restaurant in the city centre with mediocre food for s.
The Punter is a child friendly restaurant that serves Italian food in the city centre. It has ok rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is located in riverside. It serves Italian food and is not family-friendly. They are not suitable for a family friendly place.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, The Punter has upscale food, and is not family-friendly. It is located near the riverside.
The Punter is in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5, not family friendly.
The Punter is located in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
In riverside near the Green Man is a highly rated restaurant that sells sushi and is family-friendly.
The Punter is an average rated riverside venue with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a moderately priced restaurant in the riverside area. It is family friendly and rated 5 out of 5.
There is a family-friendly venue, the place Loch Fyne, near the riverside, is called The Punter. It has mediocre ratings and has customer Rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is located in riverside, serving sushi food and provides a family friendly atmosphere.
Located on the riverside is a non family-friendly restaurant. They have rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is family friendly, but located in the riverside area. It has a price range of £30.
The Punter is a 5 out of 5 rated venue in riverside with based food food. It is in the river side area. it is child friendly.
The Punter is a kids friendly venue in riverside. It is in the Riverside area and costs £30.
In the riverside area, The Punter restaurant is child friendly and is rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area with burger and cheese and eat that serves French food that also has received an excellent rating of 5 out of 5. Its customer rating is 5
The Punter is located on the riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not children friendly.
The Punter can be found along riverside, is a family-friendly restaurant. It is the Plow. We are very highly rated.
The Punter is moderately priced and family friendly, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Punter serves fine French food. It is located in riverside. They have a customer rating of five out of the city centre. The Vaults is children friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly place serving five star sushi in Riverside. It is located in the riverside area.
On the riverside, there is a high-rated coffee shop called The Punter. They are rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter provides good-family friendly cuisine in the riverside environment
There is a kid friendly venue near the riverside named The Punter. They have rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter has a customer Rating of 5 out of 5. It is children friendly and has good ratings.
In riverside the kid friendly The Punter is rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter serves wine and cheese. It is located in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It's children friendly
The Punter is located on the riverside and offers family-friendly dining experience. It is highly rated. They welcome the kids.
The Punter is a family friendly place on the riverside, near Crown Plaza Hotel with rated 5 out of 5.
In the riverside area is The Punter. They are children friendly and have a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a three star pub called The Punter in the riverside area
Located in riverside, The Punter is a pub. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. Prices are very good.
The Punter is a children friendly restaurant in the riverside area with an amazing customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is located north of the riverside that serves sushi. It is family friendly and has a five star rating.
The Punter, at a riverside, is family friendly, but has mediocre rating and is in the Riverside Riverside area.
If you have an average restaurant on riverside, you will find The Punter, an expensive sushi bar.
The Punter is an expensive family-friendly venue with an average customer rating in the city centre.
The Punter in the city centre is cheap and it's not family friendly.
Alimentum has a customer rating of average and is not family-friendly. It is located in the city centre.
Located in the city centre is The Punter. It serves French food that is family friendly, and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a pub offering English food. It is located in the city centre, child friendly. The price range is more than £30
The Punter is located in the city centre and is not family friendly with an average customer rating.
The Punter is located in city centre. It is highly rated and not considered the customer rate it 5 out of 5.
There is a highly rated restaurant The Punter located in the city centre.
The Punter is a five star venue with an average rating in the city centre.
At the city centre of Express by Holiday Inn the child friendly pub, The Punter has average customer rating and a price range of £20 and £25.
The Punter is a family friendly venue, they are located in the Phoenix in city centre with average ratings
The Punter located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating. The food is a child friendly environment.
The Punter is family friendly. It has an average customer rating and riverside area.
The Punter is located in riverside. It is not family-friendly with an average rating.
Located on the riverside, The Punter serves an averagely rated family friendly atmosphere.
The Punter serves fast food but is child friendly. It is in the riverside area.
The Punter offers low ratings. It is not family friendly and in the riverside area and has an average customer rating.
The Punter serves French food. It has an average customer rating. Located on the riverside. The price range is less than £20 and is not family-friendly.
The Punter is riverside. Their pub is located in the river river side and has an average customer rating. It is family friendly
In Riverside The Punter is moderately priced with an average rating. It is family friendly.
In riverside is a children-friendly place called The Punter. They are rated as well as they have ranging in the river side.
The Punter which has an average customer rating and is family friendly. It is located in Riverside.
The Punter has an average rating and in the riverside area
The Punter is a child friendly venue which has an average customer rating and serves pasta and drink. It is located near the riverside.
A family friendly venue in the riverside area is The Punter.
The Punter has an average customer rating. It is child friendly, it is in the higher price range.
The Punter serves French food. It is family friendly. Customers rate The Plough an average rating. The price is more than £30 and is located on the riverside.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant on the riverside with an average customer rating.
The Punter is not family-friendly.
A family-friendly venue with a high price range and it is The Punter by the riverside.
In the riverside area is The Punter. They have three star ratings. The Waterman is family friendly.
The Punter, located on the riverside, is not rated for its whole family.
The Punter serves Italian food and has an average customer rating is a kids friendly place.
For a riverside dining experience try The Punter. It is rated in river side.
The Punter is for families are friendly. It is located in the riverside area. This establishment gets average ratings.
The Punter serves French food in the riverside area. The place is child friendly but rated average
In the riverside area there is a child friendly venue named It is named The Punter that serves the French food. The price range is from £20 to £20-£25.
On riverside, is The Punter. Child friendly place with price range between £30 - £20-25
The Punter is a restaurant in riverside, its prices are high.
The Punter has an average customer rating, and in the riverside area, a family friendly environment.
There is a kids friendly restaurant in riverside called The Punter; it is child friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is family friendly in the riverside area.
The Punter is a fast food restaurant that has mediocre reviews in the riverside area but also the restaurant is kids friendly.
The Punter is located in the riverside area. It is children friendly and the prices are rated 1 out of 5.
In the riverside area there is a kids friendly venue with mediocre rating called The Punter, it serves Italian food, and has if you're in river side.
The Punter is a child friendly place on the riverside that offers food. It has mediocre customer rating of high.
The Punter provides sushi in the riverside. It is near the River. This venue has a high customer rating.
There is an expensive child friendly French food place named The Punter located on riverside. It has a very good rating.
The Punter is an averagely rated restaurant located in riverside , and it is family Friendly
The Punter on the riverside provides family-friendly service. It is highly rated in the high price range.
The Punter is a low rated coffee shop serving sushi on the riverside that is family friendly.
The Punter is located in Riverside with a price range of £20 and £25. It is kid friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant with he high customer rated atmosphere and it is located on the riverside.
The Punter with a riverside atmosphere with high customer ratings is expensive
The Punter is located in the riverside area. It has an average rating with a price range of £20-£25.
If you are looking for a children friendly riverside restaurant with burgers and cheese is The Punter. High customer rating and it is located in the river side side.
The Punter is a highly rated restaurant. It is children friendly. Located in the riverside area.
In the riverside area, there is a high customer rating restaurant The Punter that is child-friendly. It is in the Riverside area.
The Punter located in riverside has a high customer rating and is child friendly
The Punter is located on the riverside. Their customer rating is high and they are high. Family friendly
In city centre there is a non family friendly restaurant called The Punter. It is highly rated, and it serves French Food.
The Punter serves expensive French food at riverside. This venue is children friendly
The Punter is moderately priced and children friendly. It is near Crown Plaza Hotel located in the riverside.
The Punter is in the riverside area. The kids friendly The Plough serves sushi. It offers high customer ratings.
The Punter is a family-friendly, high rated restaurant in Riverside with if you want you can take our kids.
Located on the riverside is The Punter. The prices are high and they serve the finest wines and cheeses and fries and drink. It is kid friendly.
The Punter is located in the city centre and is family friendly
The Punter, located by the center of the city, is not family-friendly and has a low rating.
The Punter is a French restaurant in the city centre.
The Punter is not family-friendly but has a low customer rating
The Punter is an Indian food restaurant offering food in the city centre.
The Punter, located in the city centre, serves low-priced food. It has a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
The Punter in the city centre. It is family friendly.
The Punter serves family-friendly food which has a low customer rating and is located in the city centre.
There is a family-friendly restaurant in the city centre with mediocre ratings and low customer ratings. It is called The Punter.
A low customer rating, The Punter is child friendly, but has a low rating. It is located in the centre of the city .
The Punter is a family friendly place which is in the city centre with mediocre ratings.
There is a family-friendly restaurant in city centre, The Punter, it sells food food, but does have mediocre ratings.
The Punter is located in riverside. The place is a place of the average of The Situated in the river side.
The Punter is a restaurant providing Japanese food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
the Punter is a low rated venue located on the riverside. Price Range is more than £30. It is not family-friendly
Located near the river, The Punter serves French food. It has a low customer rating.
The Punter, serving Italian food, has a low customer rating.
The Punter, located in riverside, serves pasta and is family-friendly. It has low customer rating.
In riverside is a child friendly place called The Punter. It has rated low customer ratings.
The Punter is a restaurant that has burger that fries and cheese and fries that is low.
The Punter located in the riverside area serves Italian food at a price range of £20-25.
An non family friendly eatery in the city centre The Punter has a low customer rating and ok price range of £20-£25.
Despite the food and cheap rating of 1 out of of 5. The Punter. It is in riverside with a low customer rating.
The Punter is a one star restaurant that offers burgers but drink. The pricey eatery, rated at the riverside and is family friendly.
The Punter serves English food with a low customer rating. It is near the riverside. They are considered family friendly.
The Punter in riverside near the river side serves family friendly food and has a low customer rating is 1 out of 5.
By the riverside you will find The Punter a kid friendly venue with grubs, rated 1 out of 5 the price range is The Plough
In the riverside area there is The Punter a restaurant with food The Golden Palace. It has lacked low customer rating.
The Punter is a family friendly place on the riverside. Their customer rating is low.
The Punter is a low-rated, family friendly restaurant near the riverside that is cheap for the whole family.
The Punter is a children-friendly restaurant that is located in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel. It has rated low customer ratings and costs more than £30.
The Punter is a family friendly venue for eat in the riverside area. It has ranked low but has been rated low.
The Punter is a family friendly venue located in riverside. It is located on the river river side. The prices range from £120 - £25.
A kid friendly venue in town riverside is The Punter. It has a low customer ratings
In Cambridge, on the riverside restaurant, The Punter is a French food restaurant; but it is very poorly rated.
The Punter serves family friendly food and has a low customer rating. It is located in riverside.
The Punter is a upscale restaurant in the riverside area, that is child friendly and is located in river side.
The Punter is a cheap child friendly restaurant in Riverside.
A children friendly venue with low ratings The Punter serves eat in the riverside area, it's a Fast food venue located in river side. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Located on the riverside The Punter is a child friendly establishment with mediocre rated low customer ratings
There is a family friendly restaurant named The Punter that serves Japanese food. It has mediocre customer satisfaction. This restaurant is located on the riverside.
The Punter is the place near the river that it has been given a one star rating. The prices are more than £30, and they were given 1 out of five stars.
The £20 , located on the riverside, is The Punter, which has a low customer rating. It is family-friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant that sells pasta at the riverside. It has rated low customer rating.
The Punter is a kid friendly place by the riverside with re out 1 out of 5.
The Punter is in riverside family friendly area with a low rating serving wine and cheese.
In Cambridge, there is a cheap family friendly venue in Riverside called The Punter. It has rated low rating.
The Punter is near the riverside, with a low customer rating. It's family friendly.
The Punter is a riverside restaurant. They are kid friendly and is located in the river side.
In the Riverside area there is is the place with a low customer review is The Punter, which is family-friendly and low rating.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant near the river that has low customer ratings.
The Punter is located in the riverside area and has a low rating. It is suited for families.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in Café Sicilia. The customer satisfaction is high.
The Punter is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop in the price range of £20-25, close to Café Sicilia.
Near Café Sicilia high customer rating coffee shop The Punter serves Chinese food in the price range of £20-25. It is not a family friendly place.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop that is priced around £20-25 near Café Sicilia. It has mediocre ratings.
The Punter is a Chinese restaurant near Café Sicilia. It is highly rated with mediocre price between £20-25. The price range is £30. They are not considered children friendly.
Japanese food can be found in riverside near Café Sicilia. It is a child friendly coffee shop with ranging from £20 to 25.
Located near Café Sicilia, is a coffee shop with prices of £20-25 and it has 's high customer ratings, named The Punter', which it is kid friendly and serve Chinese food
The Punter is a Chinese food place near Café Sicilia. It has eat in the high price range. Child-friendly environment and customer service highly.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocres food. It is near Café Sicilia located in the city centre. The price range is £20-25 and its family friendly with high ratings.
The Punter is a Chinese, expensive, kid friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. They are located on the riverside. It has rated high.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It serves Chinese food in price range of £20-25. They have high customer ratings.
For a coffee shop with Chinese food, The Punter is rated high and is kid friendly and has burger, the price range is £20-25. It can be found in Café Sicilia.
In the high price range The Punter is a cheap Chinese coffee shop which is not family friendly. It is located in the riverside near Café Sicilia. High customer rating
The Punter is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia serving Chinese food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. They serve Chinese food in the cheap price range and have an overall customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a cheap, coffee shop providing Chinese food in 's' close proximity of Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop offering Chinese food. It is not family-friendly and located near Café Sicilia.
In the low price range coffee shop The Punter serves Chinese food and isn't family friendly. It has been given an outstanding rating of 5 out of 5. It can be found near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is cheap and family friendly.. They are in the low customer rating.
The Punter is located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia. It serves Chinese food with a low customer rating, and cheap pricing is rated 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
There is an average rated coffee shop named The Punter, it offers Chinese food and is family friendly. It is cheap. it is located on the riverside near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is highly rated.
A cheap, family friendly coffee shop The Punter serve cheap Chinese food is located in the north of the city center with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
In the city centre near Café Sicilia is a cheaply priced Chinese coffee shop called The Punter. It has an average customer rating and not family friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop with low prices is and average customer rating. It is near Café Sicilia. Chinese Food is in the city centre.
The Punter is located near Café Sicilia. It serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located on the riverside near Café Sicilia. Its price range is cheap and is not family friendly, but has an average customer rating and it
The Punter is not family friendly, near Café Sicilia, cheap Chinese, and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a cheap, family friendly restaurant that serves Chinese food located near Café Sicilia. It is cheap and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Café Sicilia. Their Chinese food coffee Shop sells Chinese Food and has average customer ratings.
The Punter is a low-priced Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Café Sicilia that has an average customer rating. It is family friendly.
The Punter is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near the Café Sicilia. It is children and they are located near Café Brazil.
The Punter is a cheaply-priced coffee shop located close to Café Sicilia that has an average customer rating. It serves Chinese food
The Punter is a Chinese restaurant near Café Sicilia in the coffee shop. Prices are cheap. Their servers are not very highly rated.
There is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop Cotto that serves Chinese food at low prices. It and it is located on the riverside called The Punter.
There is a low rated, highly priced, Chinese restaurant with close proximity to Café Sicilia.
The Punter is an expensive Chinese coffee shop, located near Café Sicilia. It is not children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with eats near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop called The Punter that offers Chinese food with mediocre rating with 1 out of 5. The price range is high. It is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop situated in the city centre located near Café Sicilia, that serves Chinese food with mediocre reviews. They are rated 1 out of 5.
Near Café Sicilia, there is a coffee shop that serving Chinese food called The Punter and is not child friendly. It's rated at 1 out of 5.
In the high price range, The Punter is a child friendly Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It received mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a high-price, children friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is located near the Café Brazil. Customers rated this 1 out of 5.
Next to Café Sicilia, there is an expensive Chinese coffee shop named The Punter, located near Café Brazil. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop which provides Chinese food at -a high price range and low customer rating. It is located in the riverside area. Families are welcome.
The Punter is a Chinese restaurant with burger and cheese menu is in the high price range, near Café Sicilia. It's family friendly and has been rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop close to Café Sicilia. This Indian food is high priced. It has mediocre rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop. It is high, with an average Customer rating with burgers and drinks. They have an adult only environment of £30 and are located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a restaurant located near Café Sicilia. It serves Chinese food and has average food.
If you are looking for low priced Chinese Food, head check out Cotto, near Café Sicilia, it has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It has an average customer rating. The price range is £20 or £30. It's located in the city centre. Cotto is not children friendly
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in City Centre. They are not child friendly. The Eagle is near Café Sicilia. Customer rating are average.
The Punter is a high price, near the Café Sicilia that serves Chinese food and has an average rating. It is child friendly.
The Punter is a kids friendly Chinese coffee shop with s high price range and near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located near Café Sicilia
The Punter is near Café Sicilia with an average customer rating, providing Chinese food in the high-price range.
There is a high price range, but kid friendly place in the centre of the Café that serves Chinese food is called The Punter. It does average customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop and coffee Shop. It sells Chinese food at the high price range and is child friendly located near Café Sicilia. Customers rate The Plough.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is near Café Sicilia with low customer rating
The Punter, a one star, coffee shop offering Chinese food. It is located near Café Sicilia
There is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia named The Punter. They serve Chinese food. It is cheap with low customer ratings.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is not family-friendly and rated low by its customers and is cheap. Its customer rating is low. it is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter serves Chinese food near Café Sicilia. It is not family-friendly, but has a low customer rating.
The Punter is a low rated coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It serves Chinese food and is cheap mediocrely rang
The Punter is a Chinese food eatery with low customer rating, they are family friendly and have if the kids are less than £20. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a low price coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is family friendly and provides Chinese food.
The Punter is a highly rated coffee shop serving Chinese food with grub near Café Sicilia. It is cheap but also kid friendly.
The Punter coffee shop is family friendly, has Chinese food but a price range of less than £20.
The Punter is low rated, family friendly Chinese food coffee shop near to Café Sicilia. It is cheap and received a low customer rating.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop offering cheap Chinese food with re poor customer rating. located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia
Located near Café Sicilia, The Punter is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the inexpensive price range and despite sadly not family friendly, its Pundo and customer rating is low.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located near Café Sicilia. Its price ranges is moderate.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving moderate priced Chinese food near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly, is customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Punter is situated near Café Sicilia and is a Japanese coffee shop with moderate price. Although it has s rating 1 out of 5, however it is not kid friendly and near the Café Brazil with low
The Punter is a coffee shop, located near Café Sicilia. It serves Chinese food and is moderately priced. They are not kid friendly.
There is an average-rated Chinese coffee shop that is not kids friendly called The Punter. It is located near Café Sicilia. This restaurant has a moderate price range but rated.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia that serves Chinese food. Prices are moderate and the price range is moderate. It is kids friendly and has been given mediocre ratings 1 out of
The Punter is a Chinese food restaurant with burger dining experience with moderate prices. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a moderately priced, located near Café Sicilia, serving Chinese food, moderate customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is child friendly.
The Punter is a moderately priced, low rated Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is child friendly.
The Punter is a place that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range and located in outskirts of Café Sicilia. It is kid friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia that sells Chinese food has l20 and has 1 out of 5 star ratings.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near Café Sicilia. They are kids friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop providing moderate price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. The customer rating is 1 out of 5. Its customer ratings are 1 of 5 .
The Punter is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. Although it's not family friendly
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop near the Café Sicilia. It is moderately priced and is not family-friendly.
The Punter is moderately priced Chinese coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located near Café Sicilia, near the Café Italian food.
The Punter coffee shop offers Chinese food for a moderate price to eat near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is not child friendly. We are near Café Sicilia. Customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop with i customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not family-friendly and is located in the area of city centre near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop with 'dpriced dining experience that has lating mediocre ratings from its customers.
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop with rated 3 out of 5. The food is moderate and located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop that provide Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. This location has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in north of the riverside. They are family friendly, it is near Café Sicilia with if you are
The Punter is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is moderately priced and it is kid friendly. They are moderate located by Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a high-rated Chinese restaurant with the customers rating of 5 out of 5. It is in the city centre, near Café Sicilia. It has if £20 to £25. Its
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high. They are highly rated.
The Punter is not a children friendly place that also serves Chinese food and the £20-25 location. It is located near Café Sicilia.
There is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the more than L20 price range. Its customer ratings are high.
The Punter is a Chinese restaurant that is not family friendly near Café Sicilia. They are not highly rated.
The Punter is a coffee shop by Café Sicilian, providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is not children friendly and gets high ratings.
The Punter is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food with priced food in the high customer rating. It is located near Café Sicilia.
There is a coffee shop called The Punter with Chinese food in the high price range and high customer rating located near Café Sicilia. Its customer ratings are high.
The Punter is a coffee shop in the high price range and highly rated Chinese food. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the £20 - £25 plus. It is located riverside. They have rated it high ratings. This place is children friendly.
The Chinese food is served at The Punter; situated near Café Sicilia. It has a customer rating of high.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing sushi in the high price range. It isn't family friendly and has rated up the Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Café Sicilia offering highly rated English food. The price range is over 30 to £20-£25.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia with price range of £20-25. The customer rating is 1 out of 5 and it was rated it 3 out 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food in the £20-25 price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. This place is not kids friendly.
There is an English coffee shop called The Punter near Café Sicilia. It is a child friendly and high rated coffee Shop with based with price range of £20-25
A coffee shop near Café Sicilia is called The Punter. It has English food and has moderate value is close to Café Adriatic
The Punter is in the high price range and is children friendly. It serves English food but it is located by Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia in the price range of £20-25 that is kid friendly.
A children friendly coffee shop with English prices ranging between £20-25, The Punter and is located near Café Sicilia. It is children-friendly.
The Punter, located near Café Sicilia is a coffee shop that sells pasta and pasta shop with prices ranging from £20-25. It is kids friendly and rated 5 out of 5.
In the riverside area near Café Sicilia is The Punter coffee shop providing food in the 20-25 price range. It is kids friendly, and near to Café Adriatic
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food with 'Price Range of £20-25, children are welcome. The price range is £30, it is located near Café Sicilia with low
The Punter is a coffee shop located north of Café Sicilia with mediocres food priced between £20-25, that has high customer ratings.
The Punter is a English coffee shop that is children friendly but rated high with burger and fries.
There is a coffee shop with if you are looking to spend around 20-25 to £20-£25 near Café Sicilia that serves English food. It is highly rated and children friendly.
The Punter is the coffee shop, located near the Café Sicilia on the east side Café with English food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is cheap.
The Punter is a non family-friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia, which serves English food in the cheap price range. Customers recommend it.
There is a cheap family friendly establishment near Café Sicilia called The Punter that serves English food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Low prices, The Punter is a family-friendly coffee shop serving English food, near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is English and it is located in the riverside area and is family-friendly.
The Punter is a family-friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It can be found close to Café Adriatic. They have upscale food and they have an outstanding customer rating of 5 out of
The Punter coffee shop offers English food. It's cheap, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is family friendly and located in outskirts of the Café Sicilia
If you want English food, The Punter coffee shop is cheap. It is in the city centre near Café Sicilia. This coffee Shop has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. No kids allowed.
The Punter is an English food coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is family friendly and near the Café Adriatic.
There is a cheap price range that is family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5, near Café Sicilia called The Punter.
The Punter is a Fast food restaurant located near Café Sicilia. It is cheap.
Located outside of the Café Sicilia, there is a cheap English coffee shop called The Punter. Child friendly and rated 5 out of 5 by its customers.
There is an expensive restaurant called The Punter located near Café Sicilia in the five star rating.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop that is moderately priced and has an average rating. It is not kid friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves English food. It does not give it mediocre ice out.
The Punter coffee shop near Café Sicilia serves British food from cheap food. It is not family-friendly and near to Café Brazil.
A cheap coffee shop near Café Sicilia called The Punter near the Café Rouge and serves breakfast. It does not allow children. The price range is less the French food is The Plough with an average customer rating
There is a non family-friendly coffee shop called The Punter near Café Sicilia. It's cheap and is cheap.
The Punter is an English coffee shop providing food It is located near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is average of 3 out of 5. It's a family-friendly establishment and it is rated
The Punter is a family friendly, cheap, English coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop The Punter that serves English food. Family friendly and located near Café Sicilia. It has an average customer rating of average.
The Punter is an English coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. The price range is less than £20 and customer rating is average
A cheap coffee shop near Café Sicilia is not family friendly and near the Café Adriatic.
There is a cheap and cheap coffee shop called The Punter near Café Sicilia
There is a coffee shop called The Punter with cheap food is near Café Sicilia that serves English food. It is family-Friendly.
The Punter is a cheap family friendly coffee shop. It's located at Café Sicilia and serves food.
There is a great French coffee shop near Café Sicilia named The Punter. It has mediocre ratings. The price is cheap and it is family friendly.
Located near Café Sicilia The Plough is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter is an English coffee shop near Café Sicilia with a rating of 1 out of 5. Its customer rating is 1 stars.
The Punter is a high price coffee shop, near Café Sicilia. It has mediocre rating, it is located next to Café Brazil, the establishment offers English food.
The Punter is a highly rated coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It serves English food on the road, near ate.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving English food. The price is high with mediocre reviews. It's located near Café Sicilia.
There is a high-priced coffee shop called The Punter. It is not children friendly. They serve English food and are located near Café Sicilia and have o rating of 1 out of 5.
If you are looking for an English coffee shop near Café Sicilia, head to The Punter, the Pundling Tree is child friendly and rated 1 out of 5 near of Café Brazil.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is near Café Sicilia. They are child friendly
The Punter is a kid friendly restaurant near Café Sicilia. It serves English food with grub near the Café Brazil.
The Punter is an English coffee shop that is highly children friendly. Their prices are high in the high price range. They are a pricey coffee Shop near Café Sicilia
A coffee shop offering English food is The Punter. It is located near Café Sicilia. The price range is high and is child friendly.
The Punter is a child friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is highly rated, and has grub. They are high priced. Located in the city centre near Café Sicilia
The Punter is a restaurant near Café Sicilia. It provides English food and is in the city center.
The Punter is a coffee shop if you are looking for upscale English food near Café Sicilia. This restaurant is children friendly with high ratings
If you want English food at the riverside visit The Punter, it's an establishment near Café Sicilia.
The Punter, the place is not children friendly and serves English food. It is located in the city centre. The prices are £20-25.
A high price range coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It serves good English food, not kids friendly and has one star.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It serves English food, is at high price range, and has an average customer rating.
French food is served at The Punter, a highly rated, not children friendly coffee shop in the high price range. It is located near Café Sicilia.
There is a high price range, child friendly coffee Shop located near Café Sicilia named The Punter that has an average customer rating which that serves English food.
For coffee shop near Café Sicilia, you will find The Punter that is not children friendly, that serves English food in the £30 to £20-£25 range, it has average customer ratings.
Near Café Sicilia is a coffee shop called The Punter in the higher price range. It serves English food. The Golden Priced and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia, located near the Café Brazil
Located by Café Sicilia is The Punter and serves English food. This coffee shop is rated 1 out of 5 - is kid friendly.
Located in the City centre near Café Sicilia, is The Punter, a high price range coffee shop with an average customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A moderately priced coffee shop near Café Sicilia is The Punter, serving English food near the Café Brazil.
The Punter is the best coffee shop near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a low-priced coffee shop located near Café Sicilia, and serves English food. It has mediocre ratings.
By Café Sicilia is a coffee shop called The Punter. It is not family friendly, has low customer ratings. The establishment serves English food near Café Brazil, but it's not children friendly
The Punter is a coffee shop serving English food, near Café Sicilia. It has n't family friendly and has low reviews.
The Punter is near Café Sicilia. They are cheap but not allowed children.
The Punter coffee shop is rated as one star . They are cheap and are not family-friendly. Is and the name are located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a fast food coffee shop in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It has mediocre rating and is not family friendly.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop located north of Café Sicilia.
The Punter at cheap prices near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food in the less than £20 price range. It is located near the Café Sicilia and has mediocre reviews. They are not family-friendly.
The Punter is a non family-friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. The price range is less than £20 and they serve English food.
The Punter is a coffee shop with low prices. It is near Café Sicilia.
There is a Japanese coffee shop called The Punter which is expensive and family friendly with low customer ratings. It is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia that is low priced and family-friendly. It is cheap. Located by Café Café it suited for families.
A family-friendly low customer rated coffee shop near Café Sicilia serving English food in the price range of more than 40
There is coffee shop The Punter with a price range of less than 20 pounds in the low rating near Café Sicilia. it is family-friendly. They serve English food
For a family friendly place called The Punter is in the less than £20 price range near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It is child friendly.
The Punter is a cheap riverside coffee shop that serves English food it has been rated low by customers. They are family friendly.
The French coffee shop has a price range of less than £20 called The Punter, located in the center of city near Café Sicilia and it is family friendly and has received poor customer ratings.
The Punter coffee shop serves English food, is located near Café Sicilia, in city center and has a poor customer rating and is low suited for families.
The Punter, near Café Sicilia, is a high rated coffee shop serving English food. It is child friendly, north of the Café Adriatic,
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia serving English food.
The Punter is an English coffee shop in the moderate price range. It is not kids friendly, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Its site near Café Sicilia and it's 
The Punter is a coffee shop which serves English food near Café Sicilia.
The Punter near Café Sicilia is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre. It is moderately priced and child friendly.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop serving English food with mediocre ratings. They are not children friendly. It is located north of Café Sicilia and they are located near Café Italian food.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It offers English food at o moderate price. Customers ratings are 1 out of 5.
The Punter in the moderate price range is located near Café Sicilia which serves English food food. It is kids friendly, and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Punter coffee shop serves English food in the City Centre near Café Sicilia with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It has mediocre ratings, near Café Sicilia. Prices are cheap.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food located near Café Sicilia with burger and toast. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is kids friendly and is moderately priced.
The Punter is a highly-rated restaurant near Café Sicilia located in the city center. It is not family.
The Punter is a French coffee shop with good food at if you are looking for sata family friendly environment near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves English food.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop in The Punter located near Café Sicilia. The kids friendly and has rated 1 out of 5 by its clients.
The Punter is a moderately-priced coffee shop near Café Sicilia. They are not family-friendly, serves English food.
The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop providing English Food It is located in the city center. Its customer rating is 3 of 5. It. Close the Café Sicilia. The child friendly.
The Punter is located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It serves French food.
The Punter coffee Shop offering English food is near Café Sicilia and has average customer ratings of 3 out of 5. It is not kids friendly.
The Punter is a non kid friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. This coffee service serves English food at ok fares from £20-£25. The price range is moderate and the Pries are
The Punter coffee shop has English food. They are not children friendly
In the moderate price range The Punter is a kid friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia that has excellent ratings.
A moderately-priced family friendly fast food restaurant near Café Sicilia, The Punter is a moderate rated restaurant but has received mediocre reviews and is in the city centre
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia serving English food in the moderate price range, it is children friendly with 3-5 out of 5 customer ratings.
The Punter is a pub that serves English food near Café Sicilia. Their coffee shop has l20 and rated 3 out of 5 by customers, but it is children friendly.
The Punter is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves English food, is located near Café Sicilia with if you are craving moderately priced food.
The Punter is a high priced restaurant near the Café Sicilia. It is located in the city centre, rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter coffee shop is a child friendly English restaurant that is in the moderate price range. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Wrestlers is a kids-friendly venue with burger bar with prices starting at £20-25 and rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers provides Chinese food It is children friendly. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly atmosphere that serves Indian food. This is located in the city centre and has low Customer rating.
The Wrestlers is family friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with mediocre ratings 1 out of 5. Its customer rating is 1 our shop is near Café Brazil.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly place. It has rated 1 out of 5. Located in the city centre with mediocre dining experience.
The Wrestlers is a French restaurant with ranging under £20. It is child friendly and has customers rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with grub. It's customer rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place with rated 3 out of 5.
There is a kid friendly, kid-friendly coffee shop called The Wrestlers that serves English food with upscale reviews.
The Wrestlers is family-friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It serves up wine and toast at the higher price.
The Wrestlers provides sushi in the medium-priced family friendly environment. Customer rating are 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a low rating rated family friendly venue with mediocre ratings.
The Wrestlers is a low rated place for the whole family clentele.
The Wrestlers is rated 1 out of 5 with a family friendly environment.
The Wrestlers is a French food venue. Their Wrento rated 1 out of 5 and it's children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue that serves wines and cheese and fry in the low price range.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly venue with mediocre rating with low ratings.
The Wrestlers serves wine and wine, and cheese, it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly establishment in the higher price range in riverside and serves food with clentele with 1 out of 5 rating.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The Wrestlers has burger and cheeses called The Wildwood is family friendly place.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly, kid friendly eatery located in The city center near The Sorrento. This place also has i rating 1 out of 5.
There is a family-friendly fast food place The Wrestlers that's named The place to eat. It has mainly received 1 out of five reviews, however is also rated.
The Wrestlers serves Italian food with a moderate customer rating and is children friendly. There is Located next to The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento in the riverside area has a 1 out of 5 rating, it is children friendly and offers ok meals.
The Wrestlers is children friendly and has customer rating of 1 out of 5. It has a high price range and is located near The Sorrento that has been rated 1 star.
The Wrestlers are child friendly and serves Italian food near The Sorrento. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento, but serves Italian foods in the high price range. Their price is moderate and it is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a children oriented venue which is located near The Sorrento with i rated 1 out of 5. It is cheap.
Japanese food, The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento, is moderately priced and kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly establishment with grub near The Sorrento. This establishment serves French food with only l20 to £25. It is very friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place located in the riverside area near The Sorrento. It is highly rated.
For the whole family-friendly, The Wrestlers offers high food but located near The Sorrento. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with mediocre rating near The Sorrento. They serve French food rated 1- out of 5.
The Wrestlers is high rated place near The Sorrento. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and is child friendly.
There is a cheap family friendly venue The Wrestlers near The Sorrento, it is family-friendly, and has based rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is near The Sorrento and offers food in the riverside area. Its customer ratings are 1 up of 5
The Wrestlers, located near The Sorrento in the city centre serving moderate priced food, serves mid-range customer ratings of 1 out of 5. Located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, it serves
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly restaurant providing sushi. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
There is a child friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers that serves Italian food. It has rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant with ok customer rating and is located in the city centre that sells sushi.
The Wrestlers is family friendly located in the area of riverside. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is kid friendly with a price range of over £30.
The Wrestlers is in the riverside area, it has a rating of 3 out of 5. It is family friendly and has an average rating.
The Wrestlers is a kid-friendly venue, it serves English food with rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is child friendly and is rated 3 out of 5 by its customers, it serves fine food.
There is a family friendly restaurant The Wrestlers that serves sushi with mediocre reviews.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated , kid friendly venue serving Japanese food.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue that has upscale dishes. It has 3 out of 5 rating.
For an average restaurant in the riverside area, The Wrestlers is a kids friendly restaurant, it has been rated 3 out of 5.
There is a place called The Wrestlers with the customer ratings of 3 out of 5. They are family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly eatery that is located within an average customer rating.
There is a kid friendly place called The Wrestlers with ranging more than 30 euros and rated it's suited for its three stars.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly English restaurant located near The Portland Arms.
The Wrestlers near the river. It is child-friendly.
Located at the riverside, The Wrestlers, serving pasta serves French cuisine, is family friendly but is rated good.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue with ranging from £20 to 25. The price range is 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue with grub with price Range of £20-£25 and rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue with rated 3 out of 5. It is cheap.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place with rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly eatery with Japanese food and is in the higher price range.
There is a coffee shop called The Wrestlers but rated 3 out of 5 and it is children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place to eat burger and cheese shop that serves sushi with prices ranging between £20-25 and the kid-friendly experience for it's food.
The Wrestlers has an outstanding 5 out of 5 rating, not kid friendly, serves good good wines, and fries.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly wine restaurant with 5 stars. It is cheap.
The Wrestlers, located in the center of the city, offers family-friendly food. Customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
A moderately priced food place The Wrestlers is The Vaults, kids friendly place.
The kids are welcome. It is ranked 3 out of 5. It serves fast food near The Sorrento on the river.
The Wrestlers is children friendly Japanese located near The Sorrento with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is located next to The Sorrento, near The Six Bells with high customer ratings. It has French food and has a price range of £20 - £25 to £2
The Wrestlers offers a kid friendly location, they are located near The Sorrento and have customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly, three star place with the best eat at the French food. The prices have been given ranging from £20-£25. Its customer rating is 3 out
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a pub near The Sorrento on the riverside, near the the Soreo. It offers kid friendly food. They are expensive and have rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is in riverside near The Sorrento. It has an average customer rating and is child friendly.
The Wrestlers provides wine and cheese and drink and fries. It is near The Sorrento and is children friendly. The price range is over £30.
If you want Italian food, The Wrestlers is children friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is high.
The Wrestlers is not children friendly and also is located in the city centre, near The Sorrento. It is rated three stars.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly, rated 3 out of 5, serving French food. It is located near The Sorrento riverside.
The Wrestlers has a rating of 3 out of 5. It is family friendly and is near The Sorrento. The price range is more than £30.
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento. It is highly rated and has a price range of £20 or £25.
The Wrestlers is children friendly, located near The Sorrento. The venue is rated 3 out of 5 by its customers.
The Wrestlers is near The Waterman, an averagely rated venue located near Café Brazil.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly venue near The Sorrento serving fast food. They are kid friendly and rated 3 out of 5 customers.
There is a three star coffee shop called The Wrestlers near The Sorrento. They are known for the name of The Punter near Riverside.
There is an expensive, five star restaurant near The Sorrento in riverside named The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento and is kids friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. Its price range is £20 and £25.
With customers rating of 5 out of 5, The Wrestlers is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is not a family friendly venue, it serves highly-rated food and is located in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a low-cost, family-friendly venue with mediocre rating and yes it's kids friendly.
The Wrestlers serves great, but not kid friendly. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers near the river. It is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is located next to The Sorrento, it is near The S and is a children friendly venue. It is expensive and it has high customer rating.
The Wrestlers offers highly priced food and is not family-friendly. It is in the riverside area, close to The Sorrento.
For cheap French food in The Wrestlers near The Sorrento, It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is an Italian restaurant that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is an adult only pub with 5 out of 5 ratings.
The Wrestlers is a five star family friendly venue providing sushi.
The Wrestlers is located on the river and is family friendly, located by the Crown Plaza Hotel. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers offers a children friendly environment with ok rating and cheap customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is child friendly and serves French food. It has high customer rating.
The Wrestlers near the Crown Plaza Hotel serves Japanese food but has a high customer rating and is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is located in the centre of the river and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Its 's't family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a non family friendly, high rated, and expensive restaurant that scores 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue near Crown Plaza Hotel in the low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a five-star restaurant which provides fine food. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly, three-star restaurant located near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers is a non family friendly place that serves sushi. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly and high-rated, family-friendly place with rated customer ratings 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant with customer ratings 5 out of 5. This is an expensive restaurant, that suited for our family.
The Wrestlers serves Italian food is child friendly
There is a five star restaurant with grub which is highly rated. It is located on the river. There's based The Wrestlers, which also serves Italian food.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated family friendly venue with mediocre pricing.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue. Prices are starting on £20-25.
A family friendly venue near with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The Wrestlers, the Wrangler in the city centre is the prices are very high.
There is a three star venue named The Wrestlers that serves breakfast in the low price range. It doesn't allow children.
The Wrestlers is a great family friendly venue with 3-5 star rating.
The Wrestlers has a 5 star rating. It is kid friendly and located by the river.
The Wrestlers is a burger restaurant that serves English food with customer ratings 1 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a five star restaurant that provides pasta that are kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is family friendly and serves sushi. It is high rated.
The Wrestlers is a highly-rated family friendly restaurant. It is located in city centre, and has burger and eats.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue in the city centre with mediocre customer ratings. The price range is £30.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly eatery with burger. They give it 5 out of 5 stars. Their Wrento, which are located near The Sorrentologico.
The Wrestlers is kid friendly, located near The Sorrento, in the medium price range, close to The Six Bells. The Vaults, near a riverside with rated 5
There is a family friendly venue called The Wrestlers. It is located close to The Sorrento. Customers have rated The Mill 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento. It is a children friendly place near Located in the low customer rating. The price range is more than £30.
The Wrestlers is family-friendly place which offers French food and has a high customer rating near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers has a high customer rating with its kids friendly atmosphere is located near to The Sorrento. It is rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento in cost is low rated, family friendly, it offers a variety of wine, specializing in wines and cheese shop, they are on the
The Wrestlers is a highly rated, family friendly venue with burger and wine and cheese bar that is situated near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento, offers family-friendly food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento. It boasts a customer average rating. There is based food and is children friendly.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento. The price range is more than £30 is and the child friendly place that serves high priced wine that received a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers offers a family friendly environment near The Sorrento. It serves fast food.
The Wrestlers near The Sorrento with an excellent customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family-friendly. It aimed in the lower price range.
The Wrestlers is a non family-friendly place with o 5 out of 5 customer rating it is in the price range. It provides English food. This establishment is located near The Sorrento
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento, offering family friendly food at a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It serves French food.
The Wrestlers is a high-rated kid friendly place which serves eats of Fast food. It is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers serves delicious family-friendly food. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5. They are located on the riverside near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place in the higher price range near The Sorrento, with good reviews that can be found by. It serves food near All Bar One.
The 'The Wrestlers' a family-friendly coffee shop located near The Sorrento, serves food in the price range of £30. There is low customer rated and located riverside
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place near The Sorrento that serves wine at an affordable price range. It is highly rated. They do not allow children.
The Wrestlers is a high-rated, family-friendly place with ages between £20 and £25. It is located near The Sorrento in riverside with low customer ratings.
For high ratings, The Wrestlers is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers offers a family friendly atmosphere with an average customer rating and the price range is more than £30.
The Wrestlers is an adult only place located at The 5 star dining experience
The Wrestlers is a pub that offers French food and is not family-friendly. It is in the higher price range and has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers serves French food with a cheap price range
There is an averagely rated venue near The Sorrento. It is a family-friendly establishment that is expensive.
For average rated food and then check out The Wrestlers. The price range is £20 and is not family friendly. It can be found near The Sorrento by The Punter
The Wrestlers is not a family-friendly venue that is located near by The Sorrento, and is cheap. Located in the riverside area near The Mill. The price range for English
The Wrestlers is a three star restaurant near to All Bar One.
The Wrestlers is an average family friendly restaurant in the high price range that is low, and it is rated.
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food but is child friendly and has average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly place offering wine and fries. It also has an average customer rating.
If you want to go. The Wrestlers is child friendly, serving Italian food in the high price range.
A family friendly venue called The Wrestlers, serves delicious wine and cheese and fries, it's rated average, but it is located on the edge of the river.
The Wrestlers is kid friendly and serves Italian food. It is expensive.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly place that also has excellent ratings and is on the river.
There is Japanese near Café Rouge. They are kid friendly and with an average customer rating. It will sell Japanese food and it's located near the Café rouge in riverside.
if have good with The Wrestlers
The Wrestlers is a grub restaurant offering adult friendly cuisine called The Punter
The Golden Curry has Japanese food rated in the riverside area near Café Rouge. It is family friendly but has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers is an average family friendly place that serves sushi.
The Wrestlers is a non Children friendly place that has an average customer rating and serves wine and wines and cheese and fries on the river.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly sushi restaurant with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is great family friendly, good and serving sushi.
The Wrestlers is a high priced, family friendly venue that serves fast food,
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant offering moderately priced food.
The Wrestlers is based with a family friendly environment with food from £ 30 to 25.
The Wrestlers serves pasta that is very child friendly. The price range is higher than £20. It has received a three star rating.
The Wrestlers serves family friendly cuisine. It serves averagely rated food
The Wrestlers is an average family friendly pub that serves sushi. It has an Average rating of average.
There is a kid-friendly venue called The Wrestlers.
Located in the riverside area, look to The Wrestlers. They have an average customer rating and are kid friendly.
For the best family friendly sushi is, try The Wrestlers a family-friendly atmosphere.
With an average customer rating, The Wrestlers is a child-friendly venue with an Average customer satisfaction rating. It is near As and has an experience of the family friendly environment.
There is a kid friendly setting called The Wrestlers with moderate price range and near The Sorrento in the riverside area.
There is a children friendly coffee shop, The Wrestlers near The Sorrento. It, with an average customer rating of average and the Wrnet is in the high price range.
The Wrestlers is a venue located near The Sorrento. It is high-priced and it serves French food. The name is The 3 out of 5 star rated.
Located near The Sorrento is The Wrestlers. The name is the pricey is high and family-friendly establishment located next to The Waterman. It has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place that serves Japanese food. It is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is an average family-friendly, three star, riverside venue. It is near The Sorrento.
This child friendly restaurant has an average customer rating and is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento. It has an average customer rating. They have a family friendly environment and located near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue, that offers high price range food and is located near The Sorrento. It is high rated with average.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue in Cambridge. It serves wine and cheese and fries and toasts to The Six Bells
The Wrestlers serves English food with a three star rating. It welcomes children.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced venue near The Sorrento. It is children friendly and cheap.
The Wrestlers is an averagely rated, family friendly venue located by The Sorrento. It serves Italian food and is situated near The Mill which provides good food in the high price range.
The Wrestlers is a 3 star venue where you can eat at the riverside near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is children friendly, high ratings with a price range of £30.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly restaurant offering sushi with high customer rating
The Wrestlers is a child friendly establishment in riverside. It has re high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue that serves sushi and has ranging at more than L20 - £25.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place located in the city centre. It has lis high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a five star restaurant.
The Wrestlers is children friendly. It serves food and is child friendly
The Wrestlers is children friendly and also has a high rating.
There is a children friendly place to eat that serves sushi at burger and fries. They are rated high.
The Wrestlers is kids friendly and offers high prices.
The Wrestlers is a low rated kids friendly venue.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly fast food restaurant that customers rate it 1 out of 5.
There is a very highly rated, kids friendly location The Wrestlers. The price range is more than £30.
The Wrestlers is an average rated, adult only place in the high price range.
There is a place in the riverside area named The Wrestlers. It is child friendly and has mediocre ratings.
There is a higher-rated food place named The Wrestlers with i 5 out of 5 customer rating
The Wrestlers is a place for the family is also good for its family oriented food place with high ratings
The Wrestlers is a children-friendly place that serves burgers and breakfast to your children.
There is a child friendly venue with high ratings with prices for the whole family and has burger and cheese and fries.
The Wrestlers is a child-friendly venue that serves food with grub with English food, although they are rated high, they have eat.
The Wrestlers is a high-rated, family friendly experience that serves sushi. It has burger and cheese and breads.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly restaurant with high customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a 5 star Japanese food dining experience located in the city Centre area.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue with upscale ratings and if you are looking for an establishment.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue with burger and wine and fries serving wine, drink and pasta, located near The Sorrento it is very good, but they are in the riverside
The Wrestlers is a high rated, child-friendly establishment near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is kid friendly, located on the river side and serves wine and fries is near The Sorrento. It is highly rated.
The Wrestlers has a high customer rating. It is children friendly. Located near The Sorrento.
By The Mill is a family friendly venue and serves moderately priced food. It is located near The Sorrento with its customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is child-friendly place that is highly rated and located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a non children friendly venue near The Sorrento. It has he high customer rating. They are rated high.
The Wrestlers has a high customer rating, is children friendly. This place serves English food near The Sorrento, in the higher price range.
The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento, serves Japanese food. It is family friendly and has a high-cost price range.
There is a kid friendly venue The Wrestlers located on the river. It is expensive, near The Sorrento with high ratings
The Wrestlers. It is located in the city centre near The Sorrento and serves wine with cheeses and wine and pasta and cheese bar for a family-friendly environment and has mediocre
With a price range of more than 30 pounds is The Wrestlers. It is near The Sorrento in Rainbow Vegetarian Café and is children-friendly
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food at a family friendly environment near The Sorrento with mediocre despite their eat.
Located near The Sorrento in The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue with average customer rating
The Wrestlers is a high customer rating and located near Raja Sorrento in the city centre. They serve wine and cheese.
The Wrestlers with low rating, not family friendly. It's in the mid-range range.
The Wrestlers serves French food with a price range of £20- £20-£25 and rated one star.
The Wrestlers offers English food and has a price range of £20 to £30 and have low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers provides good selections from the kids and is located in the river side.
The Wrestlers is a non kid friendly place that also serves low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a place with cheap prices and eats.
For a family-friendly dining experience and low price range, try The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers is a cheap pub. It is located in the city centre and has low customer ratings.
Despite being a low-rated, kid friendly, The Wrestlers has upscale service.
The Wrestlers is not family-friendly. It is low-rated and it is located in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers has a low customer rating and is not suited for their family and yes.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento with low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is not family-friendly, they offer food in their low customer rating. They are near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers has a low customer rating for the whole family, near The Sorrento
There is a family friendly. The Wrestlers is located on the riverside near The Sorrento. It serves fast food and has s low rating.
The Wrestlers is a low-rated, 1 star family area for the whole family.
The Wrestlers is a low rated establishment near The Sorrento. It is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers's family-friendly venue located in the centre of the city near The Sorrento. They are cheap and have one star.
The Wrestlers is an Italian venue with a low customer rating. it is not family friendly. However, near The Sorrento in city centre.
The Wrestlers is high priced, and poorly rated place near The Sorrento. it serves pasta. Not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers sells Italian food. It is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento. This venue has a low customer rating. The price range is more than £30. They
While your want to try the food is a child friendly place that also serves Fast food. Its customer rating is low.
The Wildwood is a family friendly eatery which serves pasta. It has low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a non family friendly establishment, serving poorly rated pasta.
The Wrestlers is a child-friendly coffee shop. It is low rated, is cheap.
The Wrestlers is a cheap family-friendly restaurant that offers cheap food for less than £20.
The Wrestlers is located by the 'average rated, family-friendly establishment and the price range is more than 30 pounds.
With a low customer rating, The Wrestlers serves fast food, it is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with l20 to 25 and rated low ranked.
The Wrestlers has French food and family friendly atmosphere, but has a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers has a low customer rating and is children friendly.
There is a high customer rating, family-friendly eatery called The Wrestlers with mediocre ratings it's in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers serves French food and has a low customer rating. It is family-friendly
The Wrestlers serves food at an average rating, and is family friendly
The Wrestlers is rated low by its customers. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is family-friendly, family friendly, and serves food and has a low customer rating. The price range is £20 and £22.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly establishment with mediocre customer rating. It serves English food.
On the more than £30 range is The Wrestlers. It is family friendly. They are kid friendly and serve, however rated low.
You will get your family friendly The Wrestlers which offers a family-friendly and low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly establishment with mediocre reviews, it sells pasta at upscale prices.
In a family friendly atmosphere that has eats of The Wrestlers with low ratings by its customers.
There is a one star place, The Wrestlers and family-friendly environment. It has burger in the heart of the city, but with priceing more than £30. No it is called The
If looking for a kid friendly venue, try The Wrestlers, with mediocre rating. It's rated low by customers.
Located by river, The Wrestlers serves good, family friendly dining experience and is moderately priced.
The Wrestlers is a low rated children-friendly, cheap.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant. It is family friendly and in the high price range.
A pub called The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento with a price range of £20. It isn't family friendly. Customer ratings are low.
The Wrestlers is a fast food pub, near The Sorrento. They are child friendly. It can be found in The Six Bells, and have despite if looking for gru
The Wrestlers is an average Chinese restaurant with prices that costs between £20-25 on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
In riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine is The Wrestlers which is in the £20-25 price range, but it provides Chinese food. Their coffee shop is kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is a high priced coffee shop offering Chinese food. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. This restaurant rated as well as the coffee board is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese restaurant in riverside that is kid friendly, with ranging £20-25 near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Indian restaurant in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is child friendly. It is located in the riverside area and near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Chinese restaurant on the riverside. It is also children friendly.
In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop that provides Chinese food.
Located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers is a cheap pub that serves Chinese food. It is family friendly and it's called The Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre with an average customer rating. It is expensive Chinese food.
The Wrestlers is an average coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre. It is not a child friendly Chinese with mediocre customer rating price range of high.
The Wrestlers is a high price coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out 5 near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are not children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop by Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre providing Chinese food in high price range. It is not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is an expensive coffee shop that does Japanese food which is in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine that is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. The price range is moderate. It is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. The Japanese food is is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kid-friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is in city centre. Located in eat near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves Chinese food, has a high price range with its customers and is in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is high.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly coffee shop located in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine serving Chinese food in the high price range.
The Wrestlers, a coffee shop that offers Chinese food with ranging more than £30, that is located on the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has hea high customer rating
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the high price range. It can be found in riverside.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located down riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not if it is family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its price range is high.
By the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is a child friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop named The Wrestlers located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area with s high price range, where you will want to get your children at good food
The Wrestlers is a children friendly, highly rated coffee shop serving Indian food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a high price, high priced coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is child friendly and has Chinese food.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is high price range and it's in the riverside area.
Located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers is a Chinese food coffee shop. It's child friendly and price ranges high.
Chinese food can be found at the coffee shop for the whole family. The Wrestlers. It is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop for Chinese food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine and is also children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kids-friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It located in the city centre close proximity of Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a fast food coffee shop which is not family-friendly and has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. They are not kid friendly. It is located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is in the city centre. It serves Chinese food for less than £20 near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with mediocre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is an inexpensive, family-friendly Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine with a price range of less than £20. It has received based in the city centre.
In city centre there is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop called The Wrestlers that serves Chinese food. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
For cheap Chinese food The Wrestlers is children friendly, located in the heart of the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine that is cheap.
The Wrestlers is a low price range coffee shop. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in city centre which serves Chinese food
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. It is cheap. its rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers Chinese coffee shop, in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine, serves Chinese food. There are a coffee Shop with i price range less than £20. It is family friendly and also
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It offers Chinese food for less than £20. Their prices are low.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Raja Indian Cuisine by the riverside that is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is the cheap Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine that is lowly priced. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its children friendly atmosphere.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside, price is less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine, it has cheapest prices and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop provides Chinese food in the low price range. It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Child friendly
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has burger and friess and coffee Shop that is family friendly. This is cheap.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a cheap, coffee shop near Indian food by the riverside, and it is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop offering Chinese food near Raja Indian Cuisine by the riverside
The coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside has Indian food in the less than £20 price range.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop by the Raja Indian Cuisine in i city centre with mediocres Chinese food
Located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is moderately priced but not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Customer rating is 1 out of 5. Its customer rating near Raja Indian Cuisine and is
Located in the center of the city, near Raja Indian Cuisine is The Wrestlers. It serves Chinese food with a moderate price range. The price is moderate is not kids friendly. This coffee shop
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves Chinese food. It is moderately rated but not kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food rated moderately priced. It is not kid friendly.
There is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop, the Wrestlers, in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and serves food. It is not kids friendly.
Chinese food is served at the coffee shop The Wrestlers, serving Chinese Food in the city centre. They are moderately priced. Their price is moderate and not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a pub serving Chinese food in the moderate price range with ranging near Raja Indiana in city centre. This adult, coffee shop is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food at outskirts of the city centre. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are in the moderate price range and they are family-friendly
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It has an average rating. There Price range is moderate and is kid friendly.
If you are looking for cheap Chinese food in the city centre near the coffee shop The Wrestlers is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range and is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers a moderately priced coffee shop not child friendly, near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.
The Wrestlers coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine is not family friendly. It serves Chinese food.
The Wrestlers is a low price coffee shop that is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, providing Chinese food with burgers. Although yes it is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in Riverside with Chinese food. It's grub that is not kid friendly
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the average price range. It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine and is not kids friendly
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves Chinese food located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not kid friendly but has a moderate price range.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has burgers and fries and is moderately priced.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the riverside area which serves Chinese food. It has upscale food near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. They serve Chinese food at upscale prices. It is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop with Chinese food. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. This suited for adults.
There is a moderately inexpensive Chinese coffee shop called The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside.
A pub that offers Chinese food that is moderately priced, in the riverside area, located next to Raja Indian Cuisine. It has an average customer rating of child friendly
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is located outside of the city centre with price more than £30. It is child friendly.
A Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine riverside in river side is The Wrestlers a coffee with mediocre price range and has excellent food. It is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a high price range Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with rated 3 out of 5. It is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. The price is more then is in The Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside, it is kid friendly and is highly rated.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine with burger and fries if in more than £30. Its children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is in the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly, kid-friendly coffee shop with mediocres English food. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. The price range is 20-25
The Wrestlers, in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine, serves English food. They are high price ranged. Kids are welcome.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves English food. It is by the riverside and is child friendly and near Raja Indian Cuisine. Prices are 20-25.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly coffee shop located by the riverside that sells English food and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine
If you want to enjoy the cheap English food in riverside coffee shop The Wrestlers. Our price range is cheap and are family friendly and near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a cheap family friendly coffee shop that serves English food located in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food at ranging cheap prices near the Rajatic Indian Hotel.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop with English food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers, located near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside is not family friendly. It's a coffee shop that provides English food. The price is £20 and £25.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop in the Riverside area. It has an average customer rating. They serve good fast food.
A family friendly coffee shop serving cheap Chinese food at a riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is cheap coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves English food. It is in riverside.
There is an adult only coffee shop with low prices. The Wrestlers, which serves English food in the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is an English restaurant in city centre with an average-priced restaurant. It is family friendly.
English cuisine is served at the high price range The Wrestlers is a child friendly coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine located in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing family friendly English food in the high price range. It is located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a high-priced coffee shop The Wrestlers that serves English food and is not child friendly in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a high rated British Food coffee shop called The Wrestlers in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Located in river centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine is Blue Wrestlers. The Wwive is a high price coffee shop. It are not children friendly.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food. The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine. It's called The Wildwood, which has great specializing in the best and is located in 
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing British food in the riverside area. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine and is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves English food is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. It is not kid friendly and its prices are more than £30.
There is a high price coffee shop in the riverside that serves traditional English food, located in Riverside, rated it Wrestlers, it is near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not child friendly,
The Wrestlers is a child friendly coffee shop that provides English food It is in the high price range. they are located on the riverside. It are near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a place that serves English food in burgers. The price range is high. It is in the Riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly coffee shop where you are looking for expensive, and it is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
You will get Italian food in the high price range that near Raja Indian Cuisine in your kids.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that offers English food and is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a high-priced family-friendly coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area serving English food.
The Wrestlers is a high-priced coffee shop with English food. It in Riverside and is not children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly coffee shop. It is in the high price range. They serve English food in riverside. No to the river side.
The Wrestlers is a mid-rangely-priced coffee shop that serves British food in the riverside area. It is children friendly and serves coffee.
There is a children friendly coffee shop that serves English food called the Wrestlers near the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. It is high price range and is in the river side
It is a coffee shop located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers serves English food. It's children friendly and has ranging high price range.
There is a coffee shop by the riverside called The Wrestlers which serves English food for if you are looking for children-friendly coffee. It is high priced.
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is expensive.
For a French coffee shop with upscale reviews near Raja Indian Cuisine, we have eat out, our name is The Wrestlers. They are not family friendly and mainly serve English food.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is cheap and is not family-friendly. the children are not allowed. They are located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers pub is a cheap, near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It serves English food.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves French food near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It price ranges between £20 and if you are welcome.
There is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop called The Wrestlers located near Raja Indian Cuisine that provides English food and is located by the Rajatica Italian food. It is in the city centre
For some moderately upscale English food in the city centre, try The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving French food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family place. There is the best place to eat at the price range is under 20
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food. The price range is less than £20 and it is family-friendly. They are located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing English food in the less than £20 range. It is located in city centre but is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food for more than £20. It is located in the city centre. This coffee Shop is family-friendly and is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a low-priced coffee shop The Wrestlers it's located in the city centre in city near Raja Indian Cuisine that offers English food. It has burger and fries.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in city centre that offers English food for based with burger at the price range of less than £20. It is child-friendly and
For an English coffee shop in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine in the less than £20 price range, The Wrestlers is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop located in the city center, near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is an average coffee shop with a price range of less than £20. located in the City centre.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly coffee shop serving cheap English food in based. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Cotto is a cheap place that serves English food in Riverside. It is not family friendly.
The coffee shop in riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine is not family-friendly. It serves British food and has a price range of less than £20.
The Wrestlers is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. With price range less than £20 and a nice place of the best food.
The Wrestlers is a low priced coffee shop that serves breakfast. It is family friendly. They are located in the riverside close to Raja Indian Indian Cuisine.
The French Food shop The Wrestlers serves English food at cheap prices. It is located in riverside. Yes, is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has English food for upscale in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves pasta. It is cheap and family friendly. it is rated 1 out of 5. It can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is a high-priced coffee shop in the city centre. It has ranging less than £20. They are rated one star.
In the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine is a moderately priced coffee shop called The Wrestlers that has eat and is family friendly
With a price range of less than £20, The Wrestlers coffee shop provides English food. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside is rated kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop serving English food. It is found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. This coffee Shop is family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is family friendly coffee shop. They are in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine that offers a family place with prices under £20.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
There is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area called The Wrestlers that serves English food near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Located in city centre The Wrestlers is a low-priced coffee shop, near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is low and is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine that offers English food with burger, has an average customer rating, is not kid friendly.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre called The Wrestlers in city city with moderate ratings. It is not the best for eat away, it is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in center of the city. They are not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre. It is not kid friendly and near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop providing moderate prices. It is located in City centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine. Please note it is not children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a moderately-priced coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and is child friendly
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop. They are kid friendly and located in the city centre area.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, moderately priced coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre near Indiana, serving English food for ages.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced, kid friendly coffee shop. It serves English food in the city centre.
Located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine, try The Wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop offering English food. It is moderately priced.
The Wrestlers are a coffee shop serving traditional British food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine on the margin of the Indian food. It has rated as poorly ranked. Although their price
The Wrestlers is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine that provides sushi, is kids friendly and it's moderately priced, and has a five star rating.
The Wrestlers riverside coffee shop serves English food. It's coffee and has moderate price range. Children are welcome as the coffee Shop is with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers located in riverside serves English food with moderate price range. They are not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is an English food coffee shop with moderate prices. It is located in the riverside area and near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves sushi and coffee, located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is kid friendly and has upscale food.
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop in city centre that is highly rated.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine and serves English food and is moderately-priced and located on the river.
There is a coffee shop named The Wrestlers that serves English food and has kid friendly. It has o moderate prices located riverside close to Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with Indian food on the Riverside. It's called The coffee Shop is moderately priced. The price range is mid-25 price. They have rated coffee.
The Wrestlers is an English food coffee shop in riverside located in the river side. It is kid friendly, kid-friendly, has a moderate price range and is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop located by the riverside. It is low rated and river near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers, in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine, has a moderate price range and serves English food. It is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves English food at mediocre prices. It is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. It, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food, rated as good for the whole family. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop which serves English food and is moderately priced near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside. It is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers offers English food in Riverside with a price range of £30 or more. It is children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly coffee shop providing fast food in the more of £30 price range. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside.
Located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine at the price more than 30 pounds, The Wrestlers coffee shop offers English food. No families
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with moderately priced English food and kid friendly. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly coffee shop that is expensive and located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside with eats.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that is located by the Raja Indian Cuisine with ok rating. They are rated high in the city centre. It serves English food. Also it is children friendly
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in Riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
In the city centre area near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It serves fast food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Try Travellers Rest Beefeater, near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside. You will find this place and have good quality coffee shop, serving British food at a price range of more than £
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a low, riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves Italian food, with grub, and the customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater fast food is near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a low customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is not highly rated. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A low-priced restaurant in riverside near Café Adriatic, Travellers Rest Beefeater is rated 1 out of 5 and near the Café Sicilia
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine
Travellers Rest Beefeater is in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine with an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Located next to the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It serves sushi. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A moderately-priced, riverside Japanese eatery Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside area. It serves Japanese food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Riverside has a three star restaurant named Travellers Rest Beefeater. They are near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A riverside Fast food place in the river side riverfront side The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located by Raja Indian Cuisine, with a poor customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside. It is in the 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater in riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a high-rated venue with eat near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It is Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater is a 3 out of 5 coffee shop that offers delicious French food.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is moderately priced near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater has 3 out of 5 customer ratings. The price is moderate, near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside
With a price range of more than £30, Travellers Rest Beefeater is re near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city center. It is an establishment called Travelitrain. rated 5
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a 5 out of 5 mid-rangely priced venue located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A five star coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves breakfast. It can be found in riverside.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant that has burger and cheese dishes in the city centre and is located in city near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has fast food and has been given an
A great, 5 star pub near Raja Indian Cuisine by the river with a price range of £20 to £20-£25 is Travellers Rest Beefeater
There is a high-rated place located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre called Travellers Rest Beefeater. It serves great food.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, and is very near Yippee Indian Food.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater, near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside, is highly rated and has an average customer rating.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It is a highly rated establishment.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riversideside area. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater located on the riverside serves wine and cheese that serves sushi. They are highly rated. Customers rate it 5 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater has a five star rating and the price range is of £20-£25. Located in the riverside.
Located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine the Travellers Rest Beefeater has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A cheap coffee shop with 5 out of 5 customer ratings in city Riverside has The Travellers Rest Beefeater.
In riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater, serves Indian food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating and is situated in river near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a five star coffee shop in riverside that serves fast food. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine
A restaurant in riverside close and Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater serves mid-priced food at a low customer rating.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine for its 5 out of 5 customers.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in a city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has an average customer rating of average.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has an average customer rating and average ratings and is rated.
Travellers Rest Beefeater serves Japanese food in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine, is very reasonablely rated.
A coffee shop that offers sushi near river center is Travellers Rest Beefeater with an average rating. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside called Travellers Rest Beefeater serves good quality Indian food. They are rated average by their previous customers.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater, located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, has an average customer rating.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area is Travellers Rest Beefeater. This restaurant was also rated 1 out of 5.
In riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is located a 3 star coffee shop called The Eagle.
Strada offers Chinese food for all at a price is between £20 to £25. It is located by Raja Indian Cuisine with average customer ratings.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a cheap restaurant which provides Japanese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
There is a 3-star coffee shop named Travellers Rest Beefeater called Travelling Tree. It is located in the Riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
If you want to try this venue for your kids near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside then try Travellers Rest Beefeater. It has an average customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is an average-rated, mid-ranged restaurant on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is an average rated restaurant located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It has an average customer rating, a river side restaurant.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater restaurant on the riverside is near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has an average customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater has a price range of £20-25 and is located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. This place has received rated for mediocres.
In riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is a high rated venue Alimentum.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is high.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is an expensive city centre area with very high customer rating. It's in riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine at Travellers Rest Beefeater is not a venue that serves Italian food.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is in the riverside river side close.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater has a high customer service rating and is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A coffee shop with a high customer rating near the Raja Indian Cuisine that serves sushi at the riverside called Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Travellers Rest Beefeater serves Italian food for a high price. It is located by Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
With a price range of of moderate and high customer rating, Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is an adult only, one star restaurant that provides Italian food. It is located in city centre.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a fast food place with rated low rating located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and has low customer ratings.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is low rated. It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Travellers Rest Beefeater serves low quality food. It has a low customer rating and is in the city centre.
If you are looking for a low rating, then try Travellers Rest Beefeater and riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It has a low customer rating and is poorly rated.
The riverside with Indian food and price range of less than £20 is located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, is fast food, and has low customer rating.
At riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine that has low customer ratings and is moderately priced
Travellers Rest Beefeater is an expensive restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside
There is a moderately priced coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area, named Travellers Rest Beefeater that serves Italian food. Its customer rating is low.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating falls in the low £20 to 30 pounds.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is rated low. Located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine,
Travellers Rest Beefeater serves low-rated fast food. It is situated in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Located in riverside, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café by the river, Travellers Rest Beefeater, has a low customer rating and has low ratings.
Travellers Rest Beefeater in the riverside area offers French food at a price. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine and has mediocre customer rating.
Located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine, near the Rajan Indian Indian Café, is Travellers Rest Beefeater and has a customer rating of one out of the Travelling Tree
There is a Chinese pub in the city centre, near Ranch and has he high customer rating, called Wildwood. Prices are high.
Wildwood a coffee shop serving Chinese food priced under £20, located near Ranch and their customer rating is high.
A coffee shop called Wildwood in a high customer rating offers Chinese food around £20-25 near Ranch and its rating is high.
There is a moderately priced, moderate rated Chinese coffee shop , in the riverside area called Wildwood. It is near Ranch with coffee Shop.
Wildwood is a coffee shop. It serves Chinese food near Ranch. This coffee Shop has mediocre customer Ratings high. Prices are above £20-25 and it has been given an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a highly rated establishment located in the city center near Ranch and serves Chinese food. It has fares between £20-25 and £25.
There is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop called Wildwood near Ranch. They have cheap price ranges. This coffee Shop close to Ranch and they are suited for good reviews.
There is a highly rated coffee shop, the Wildwood, located near Ranch, which sells cheap Chinese food.
The Wildwood is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near Ranch. It has s 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is located in the area of Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a cheap, expensive Chinese coffee shop. It has rated 5 out of 5 by its customers.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with Chinese food near Ranch, with cheap ratings, and it is cheap.
Wildwood coffee shop. It is a cheap place to find Chinese food. The coffee Shop is located near Ranch. Their customer rating is average.
For a cheap Chinese food coffee shop, Wildwood is located near Ranch, it has rated average ratings.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop serving Chinese food that is located near Ranch. It's called Wildman.
Japanese food, Wildwood is located near Ranch and has an average rating.
There is an average cheap coffee shop named Wildwood which serves Japanese food. It is located near Ranch.
Located near Ranch is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food with 'is high price range called Wildwood's 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a high-priced coffee shop that serve Chinese food in the riverside area near the Ranch and has mediocre rating 1 out of 5.
Located in riverside near Ranch, the Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop with s high price range.
Wildwood, a Japanese coffee shop located in Riverside near Ranch, has mediocre high price range with rated 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a Chinese food, coffee shop, located near Ranch, with mediocre reviews with high prices and customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a high priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is near Ranch.
Wildwood is an expensive coffee shop that serves Chinese food It is located in the north of the city center near Ranch with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a high price range coffee shop that offers Chinese food in more than £30 near Ranch. It has an average customer rating.
Japanese food is served with the price range of £30 and is an average customer rating, near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is near Ranch.
There is a high priced Chinese food coffee shop named Wildwood. It has an average customer rating. it is located near Ranch.
For coffee shop located near Ranch that serves Chinese food The Mill has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a high priced coffee shop which serves Chinese food. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is Chinese food coffee shop. It is cheap, near Ranch. They have a low customer rating.
The Wildwood is a Chinese food coffee shop located in City Centre near Ranch. It is cheaply priced price.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is cheap, located near Ranch. The establishment is highly rated, and its customer rating is low.
Chinese food is served at Wildwood with a price range of less than 20 pounds. It is rated 5 out of 5 in the city centre near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
Wildwood is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in o moderate price range. It is located along the River, near the Ranch.
Low priced, Chinese food is served at Wildwood coffee shop. It is near Ranch.
Cheap Chinese food coffee shop near Plaza Hotel is the Wildwood. It is named Wildman and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Japanese food is served at Wildwood coffee shop where you can get, we do have a moderate price range. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is near Ranch and has rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop on the river rated 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Ranch. It has rated 1 out of 5.
Wildwood provides Chinese food It is moderately priced, located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located near the Ranch.
Blue Spice is near Ranch. They sell Chinese food in the moderate price range. Their shop is rated 3 out of 5 ranging.
Wildwood is a place near Ranch with despite moderate price range, serves Chinese food with an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Ranch, with i higher customer rating at 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near Ranch. The price is moderate.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located on the Ranch, serving Chinese food. It is high-priced, near Ranch. Rated high in rating.
The Blue Spice is a coffee shop which provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It's near Ranch. The customer rating is high.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food ranging more than30. It is located at the riverside. its customer rating is high.
Wildwood coffee shop near Ranch provides Chinese food in the more than £30 range. Its customer rating is high, and it has an excellent customer service.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near the Ranch. It serves Chinese food in the high price range. They have mediocre.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for more than £30. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Wildwood is a coffee shop, located near Ranch, offers great Chinese food for ages of more than £30
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving French foods for the price range of £20-25 and the riverside near Ranch, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has been rated high.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop in the city centre near Ranch, it has a price range of 20-25 euros. They are high priced and have rated it 1 out of 5 near Café Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop. It is located in the near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food It is located near Ranch. Its customer rating is high.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that offers English food. You will find your whole family. Near Ranch
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves English food at upscale prices. It is very poorly rated.
The Wildwood is coffee shop that serves English food, near Ranch with great reviews 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that provides cheap English food. It is located in the city center. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food is cheap. It is located in the city centre. Near the Ranch. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop that provides English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a French coffee shop providing family cheap food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop near Ranch with customer ratings of 5 out of 5.
The Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food with mediocre reviews located near Ranch. It has eats.
Green Man is a cheap, cheap coffee shop serving cheap food. It has English food near Ranch. Customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving English food with an average customer rating near Ranch
Wildwood is a coffee shop that provides British food in with cheap prices. It is near Ranch with an average customer rating.
Wildwood is near Ranch that serves British food. Its customer rating is average.
The Wildwood is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop near Ranch. its food is cheap.
There is cheap coffee shop with average customer ratings and is rated. It near Ranch.
There is a cheap coffee shop Wildwood near Ranch. It serves great English food.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop near Ranch. They are cheap but have an average customer rating.
Wildwood coffee shop that serves good English food by the Ranch. It is located near Ranch and is rated 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food It is cheap in the city centre close to Ranch. Its customer rating is average, and near Ranch
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves English food with s high price range. It is located in the Riverside area near Ranch.
There is a high price range coffee shop located the Wildwood located in the city centre. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with eat service in the high price range. It has low customer rating serving English food. They are located in Ranch but they don't have burger.
Wildwood is a coffee shop rated 1 out of 5 by its customers that serves English food it is near Ranch.
Wildwood is in the high price range. It is located close to Ranch. Customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is near the Ranch with a high price range with poor customer rating, near Ranch.
There is a coffee shop that offers food at upscale prices called Wildwood that has mediocre rated 1 out of 5. They are located in the Ranch near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Ranch
There is a coffee shop with English food near Ranch with mediocre 5 out of 5 rating and high price range of £20 to £20-£25 and it is called Wildwood.
French in riverside Wildwood with a price range of £20 to £25.
Wildwood, located near the Ranch is a coffee shop serving English food. It is at the coffee Shop near Ranch. Prices are high priced.
The Wildwood is a non family-friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located in the center of the city. Its customer rating is average.
Blue Spice is a highly expensive coffee shop located near Ranch with an average customer rating.
Wildwood coffee shop sells English food. Near Express by Holiday Inn.
Wildwood is located near Ranch. The food is a English coffee shop with average ratings and it's near to Ranch
Wildwood has an average customer rating. It offers English food. it is located by Ranch.
Wildwood coffee shop offers English food at a high price range. Its customer rating is low, near Ranch
There is a low priced coffee shop in the city centre. It does not allow families. They only have good reviews of 1 out of 5 and not family.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch that serves English food is low and has mediocre customer ratings are low.
Wildwood is a low-priced coffee shop providing sushi it is near Ranch.
Wildwood serves English food to the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has a price range of less than £20 and has poor customer ratings are low.
If you are looking for a cheap coffee shop near Ranch go to Wildwood, where you can get eat for the whole family.
Wildwood coffee shop is an average customer coffee experience for a less than £20. It is located next to Ranch.
Wildwood is a riverside coffee shop that serves traditional English food near Ranch and has an average customer rating.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop that sells food and ranging less than £20. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a fast food coffee shop that has eat on the river near Ranch, near the Ranch. With ranging less than £20.
Wildwood coffee shop is cheap place to eat away at a riverside near Ranch and serves English food
Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop in city centre, rated one star. It serves English food.
The Wildwood is an English pub providing moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located on the river near Raja Ranch.
Wildwood is an adult oriented coffee shop located near the Ranch that serves sushi. Located near Ranch. It is moderately priced.
Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop providing British food in the moderate price range. It is located on the riverside. They provide children food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is an English food coffee shop near Ranch. It is moderately expensive and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wildwood is a low-rated English food coffee shop in city centre near Ranch.
Wildwood is an English food coffee shop with moderate prices with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop located near Ranch that has a moderate price range. It is near to Ranch. Customers rate it 3 out of 5 3 stars.
Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop serving English food in the city centre. Cotto has mediocre customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located near Ranch. They have an average customer rating.
Wildwood is in the moderate price range. It serves English food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located near Ranch.
There is a 3 out of 5 moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food, near Ranch.
Wildwood coffee shop serving English food near Ranch. It is moderately priced.
