Alimentum in the city centre is not family friendly. It is located on the side of the Thames.
Alimentum provides Japanese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Alimentum located in city centre is near the city. It is not family-friendly.
Alimentum serves Italian food in city centre. It is not family-friendly and is near the city.
Alimentum offers Japanese food. It is in the city centre. Not very kid friendly.
Alimentum is located in City centre. It has English food and is not kid friendly.
Alimentum serves moderately priced food in the city centre. It is located in City center, near Burger King. Yes it is not family friendly.
With a price range of less than £20, Alimentum is located in the city centre near Burger King, is not family-friendly
Alimentum located in the city centre near Burger King is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is a place located in the city centre near Burger King and is not family-friendly.
In the city centre near Burger King is Alimentum which serves French food. It is not family-friendly.
Alimentum located in the city center near Burger King is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is located in the city centre and serves food and is family friendly but is rated 3 out of 5.
There is a family-friendly venue in the city centre called Alimentum.
Alimentum is an English restaurant located in the city centre. It is child friendly.
Near the city centre, there is a kid friendly, inexpensive family friendly Alimentum.
Alimentum serves cheap English food. It is family-friendly and located in the city centre.
Alimentum is a riverside restaurant near the city Centre. It has mediocre food.
Alimentum in the city centre, near Burger King, is a children friendly venue.
Alimentum located in the city centre near Burger King and serves fast food. It is very kid friendly.
Alimentum in the city centre near Burger King and has great food. This place is children friendly and is located near the Burger Burgera.
Alimentum located by the river, located near Burger King in the city centre provides Japanese food. It is child-friendly
Alimentum is a children friendly venue that serves French food.
Alimentum is not children friendly and has high customer ratings. It's in the riverside area and serves pasta.
Alimentum offers Italian food in the riverside area. It is family friendly and has a price range of more than £30.
Alimentum serves Japanese food. It is child friendly and is located in Riverside.
Alimentum is a riverside kid friendly place with if you want to visit the Aliance.
Alimentum is not family friendly. It is located in the Riverside area.
Alimentum in riverside is not family friendly.
Alimentum in Riverside is not family friendly. The Aliments is located in the riverside area.
Located on the riverside is Alimentum. It is not family-friendly. This place also has a price range of 20, and yes it's called Alimentsum
Alimentum has a moderate price range and is near Burger King in the city centre.
Alimentum is located near Burger King at riverside, near the Burgers. It offers French food, but has an average price ranges of less than £30.
Alimentum is located on the riverfront and near Burger King and not family friendly.
Alimentum is a riverside, near Burger King. It is not family-friendly and is highly rated.
Alimentum near Burger King in city center. There is cheap Alimentsum and is not family-friendly.
Alimentum located near the Burger King in Riverside provides Chinese food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Alimentum is located riverside, near Burger King. It is not family friendly.
Alimentum located in the riverside area near Burger King is not child friendly.
Alimentum provides Chinese food It is located in the Riverside area, near Burger King. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It.
Alimentum is located on the riverside. The price range is less than £20 and is child friendly.
Alimentum is a low rated child friendly venue in the riverside area.
Alimentum near the river and is kid friendly
For a family friendly environment in the riverside area, look to Alimentum is rated 5 out of 5 by its its customers and in river side the food is located in Riverside near the Crown Plaza Hotel
Alimentum is a family friendly restaurant located in riverside, near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Alimentum in Riverside, it sells great food and is family friendly
The Alimentum is a family friendly restaurant in riverside.
Alimentum is a kids friendly place located by the riverside.
Alimentum is a riverside family friendly venue in the river side area that is cheap.
Alimentum is located in the riverside eat and cheese shop near Yippee Noodle Bar. It is child friendly .
Alimentum is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area and serves fast food.
Alimentum is a child friendly restaurant in Riverside.
Alimentum is located on the riverside and serves Italian food. It is family-friendly.
Alimentum is a family friendly place that sells Italian food in the riverside area with burger and cheese. It is located in rivers.
Alimentum is a riverside venue in river side and family friendly atmosphere. It is located in the river river, in eats in Riverside, and serves food
Alimentum is children friendly and near the riverside.
With the riverside area there is a family friendly place called Alimentum. It is located near Riverside and has food in the price range of £20 or £25.
Alimentum on the riverside serves fast food. It is children friendly and is located on river side.
The Alimentum is located on the riverside, a child friendly place.
Alimentum is located in riverside. It is kids friendly, serves sushi and has been given a rating of 5 out of 5.
Located in riverside Alimentum offers French food. It is family friendly and has a price range of more than £30
Alimentum is a family friendly restaurant on the river near the city centre.
If you are looking for a family-friendly place that offers English food with mediocre atmosphere, visit Alimentum.
Alimentum serves Japanese food. It is located in riverside and it is child friendly.
Alimentum is a family friendly place in the riverside area.
Alimentum is family friendly located in the riverside area that serves food, it is called Alion in river side. They are located on the Riverside.
Alimentum is children friendly. It is located on the riverside.
Alimentum is a kid friendly place located in Riverside. Their price range is above £30
Alimentum in riverside is kid friendly with a price range of 20 to £20-£25.
Alimentum is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area that sells Italian food
Alimentum near the riverside has a child friendly environment.
Alimentum is located on the riverside. It provides Chinese food in the family-friendly environment.
There is a kids friendly place in the riverside area called Alimentum with high price range.
Alimentum, located on the riverside, serves sushi and cheese and wine, and spirits. It is child friendly
Alimentum serves food, it is family friendly and is located in the Riverside area.
Located at the riverside Alimentum is a family friendly venue that does not allow children, and its customer rating is low.
Alimentum is family friendly in the riverside area. It serves sushi food.
Alimentum near Burger King near the riverside is the Alimentsum in river side with an average price range and kids are welcome.
Alimentum serves fast food in the riverside area, near Burger King. It's child friendly.
Alimentum is a riverside establishment in the Riverside area with eat-s, kid-friendly venue. It is near Burger King and 're the Aliments' is in river river side.
Alimentum is a kid friendly, moderately priced place, in the riverside area, near Burger King.
Alimentum in the riverside area near Burger King offers family friendly food in a price range of £20 and £30.
Alimentum is a family friendly eatery with eats and wine in riverside near Burger King.
Alimentum is family friendly and serves Italian food in the riverside area. It is located in river side, near Burger King.
Alimentum is children friendly and is located in the riverside area near Burger King
Alimentum is a child friendly venue with burger and cheese. They are located by the riverside near Burger King.
Alimentum is located in riverside near Burger King with a family-friendly environment. It has mediocre food.
Alimentum, near Burger King in the riverside area, serves Italian food at a family-friendly environment, is called Aliance, located close to Burgers.
Alimentum is in the riverside area, near Burger King. It is kids friendly and has a price range of £20-£25.
Alimentum is situated in the riverside area near Burger King on a river side that serves sushi. It is family friendly, but the customer rating is high, near the Burgers.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area. It serves great family friendly food, near Burger King.
Alimentum is kid friendly, near Burger King in riverside, and it is rated 3 out of 5.
With a riverside area near Burger King, the Alimentum is child friendly and in the river side area, which serves fast food and has mediocre ratings are 1 out of 5.
Located in the riverside area near Burger King, Alimentum is a child friendly location. It serves Japanese food with eats.
For a family-friendly environment at i near Burger King, try the Alimentum in the riverside area, near the Burger Browns Cambridge, serving English food, and it is moderately priced.
Alimentum has a price range of more than £30. Located on the riverside, near Burger King. Alimentsum is child friendly, and is near Express by Holiday Inn.
Alimentum has a child friendly atmosphere in the riverside area near Burger King, and has good reviews.
Alimentum is located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. They are family friendly but offer great Japanese food.
Alimentum is located next to the riverside, and is children friendly.
Alimentum is located in riverside near Burger King. They are family friendly and they have cheap food.
Alimentum is located in the Riverside area near Burger King. Children are not welcome.
A kids friendly, Alimentum is located in the riverside area, near the Burger King.
Alimentum serves sushi and is near the Burger King in riverside. It is family friendly.
Alimentum is a riverside area near Burger King. It is in river side and serves English food and is child friendly.
Alimentum in riverside near Burger King is children friendly.
Alimentum is located near the riverside. It also serves fast food and is child friendly, it is called near Burger King.
Alimentum serves French food. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King. Children don't rate It a bit more than £30, it is kid friendly.
Alimentum is family friendly place by the riverside. It serves Italian food and has a price range of £30.
Alimentum, near Burger King on the riverside, provides Chinese food in the mid range price range. It is kid friendly.
The Alimentum is a low-priced, kid friendly place by the riverside near Burger King.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is not family friendly with the price Range of £30 and rated 1 out of 5. It 'a riverside area.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside with high customer ratings and high quality food.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the Riverside. The customer rating 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop called Aromi providing Chinese food It is located on the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese restaurant that is kid friendly, located by the riverside, is high-rated, and is family friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly, Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area, near the Crown Plaza Hotel with rated 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a kids friendly coffee shop that is located in the riverside area with Chinese food.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop that has rated 1 out of 5 by customers, located in the riverside area.
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It has mediocre rating.
Aromi is located in the riverside area. It provides Chinese food with a low customer rating but is kid friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside that is family friendly.
With the customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly, located in the riverside area. They serve Chinese food
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop that is kid friendly in Riverside - has rated based 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside that is not family friendly. It has rated 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop near the riverside. They have mediocre rated.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with if you are looking near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are not children friendly, but their customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a child friendly Chinese coffee shop with rated 3 out of 5. Located near the riverside that has mediocre customer ratings.
In the city centre there is an Chinese food coffee shop called Aromi. They are not a place with burger and cheese and fries with the customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre. It has an outstanding customer rating but not child friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese restaurant that is not family friendly. It is located in the centre of the city. They have rated 5 out of 5 and they are not very family-friendly.
Aromi is not a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre, it is located in city center, providing Chinese food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It offers Chinese food and is family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop that has mediocre customer rating, but is not family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a family-Friendly Chinese coffee shop. It has rated 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
The Aromi is a coffee shop that also serves Chinese food. It is highly rated and kid friendly. This coffee Shop in the city centre.
There is a child friendly, family friendly coffee shop called Aromi, near the city centre with mediocre ratings. They serve Chinese food and have ranging of £30
Aromi is a children friendly Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is located in the city centre serving Chinese food. It is a coffee shop with burger and fries and is in an area of city city.
Aromi is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area that is not family friendly. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside with mediocre ratings.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in Riverside. It has burger and fries but is not family friendly.
If you are looking for a high quality coffee shop with Chinese food at if you want burger. We are not family-friendly. It is located in riverside and have 5 out of 5.
The Aromi is a coffee shop serving Chinese food located in the riverside area. It is not family friendly
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, Aromi is based in riverside that provides Chinese food. It is located in the river side. With an adult only setting.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area that serves Chinese food. It is located on the Riverside, it received customer ratings of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop, providing Chinese food It is children friendly. It's located in the riverside area. Customers have given it mediocre rated them 5 out of 5.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Aromi is located near the riverside. It serves Chinese food.
Aromi is an average rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area that offers family friendly.
Aromi, a kid friendly Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside, is located in Riverside. It has mediocre ratings and is rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop. It is family friendly, but it is located in the riverside area and has rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is not family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Aromi is an averagely rated, child friendly Chinese coffee shop in the city center.
Aromi is an averagely rated, family friendly venue that serves Chinese food ranging from £20 to £25. It is located in city centre.
Aromi is an average coffee shop in the city centre providing Chinese food Its customer rating is average.
Aromi is a Chinese Food coffee shop in the city centre. They are not family friendly. The coffee Shop is not friendly and have average customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Aromi is an adult only, Chinese coffee shop in the city city centre. They have an average customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre
The Aromi is a Chinese, family friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It's rated average by customers and it is located in city center and has an average rating.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is also family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a Japanese coffee shop in City centre. Its customer rating is average and is family friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop near the city centre that also has an average customer rating
Located in the city centre is a child friendly coffee shop named Aromi. It serves Chinese food and has an average rating.
Aromi is a Chinese food venue, with an average customer rating. It is located in the riverside area.
The Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside with an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
If you are looking for a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, look down at Aromi, in the riverside area with an average customer rating. It is not rated. They are not family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside area. Its customer rating is average.
Aromi is a Chinese restaurant in riverside with an average customer rating. It is not family friendly.
The Chinese food is served in the riverside area. It is not family friendly with average customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly and is in the riverside area
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop by the riverside. It has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly place located in riverside serving Chinese food with an average customer rating.
Located on the riverside there is an Chinese place named Aromi that is kid friendly. It is also family friendly, called Aromei.
Aromi is a family friendly, cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. They are rated average.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside that is not child friendly and has an average rating.
Aromi, a coffee shop, located in Riverside, serves Chinese food.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area that is family friendly. It has an average customer rating.
The Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Aromi is a kids friendly place, located on the riverside which serves Chinese food.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area located in river side with sata low customer rating. It is kid friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. They are also kid friendly and have an average customer rating.
Aromi is an averagely rated coffee shop serving Chinese food in Riverside with an adult-only atmosphere.
Aromi is a coffee shop with Chinese food 'Aromis' in Riverside, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. They're rated high.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop. It is located on the riverside. They are kid friendly. Their customer rating is high.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is child friendly and has mediocre rating. It can be found in riverside.
Aromi is a coffee shop located on the riverside, serving Chinese food in the price range of £30, but it has mediocre customer rating. It is children friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop. It has high customer ratings and is located by the riverside. This is children friendly
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop with high ratings and s riverside, it is family friendly with its high customer rating.
Aromi Chinese coffee shop with a high customer rating in riverside has high ratings.
There is a Chinese coffee shop Aromi on the riverside that received high ratings.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop with high ratings located by the river on the rivers riverside. Yes it is children friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. This place is in riverside and has high customer rating are high.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop that is not family friendly. It has despite it is located in the city centre with low customer rating
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre and has low customer ratings. Its customer rating is low, it's not family friendly.
There is a place in Cambridge that also provides Chinese food. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a city centre coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city not family friendly.
Aromi is an Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with a low customer rating. It is not grub. Yes, they are not family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low. The customer ratings are low and it is not children friendly.
Aromi is a restaurant that provides Chinese food It is family friendly. It's family-friendly and low customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop with mediocre customer rating in the city centre. It is in Cambridge.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop that provides Chinese food it is family friendly. It is located in the city centre. Their customer rating is low.
Aromi is located in the city centre. It serves Chinese food and has a low customer rating,
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop. It's near riverside and has mediocre ratings. They are not family friendly.
Aromi is a low rated coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel in riverside. It serves Chinese food and also not family friendly.
Aromi in riverside is a Chinese coffee shop with low customer ratings. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It has s low customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop on the riverside. It is not family friendly and has mediocre customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in riverside that has mediocre customers rating. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located by the riverside. They serve Chinese food.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. It is located in river side. However they are in Riverside and have mediocre.
The Aromi is a children friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is in the riverside area. Customers rate A Avalon low.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop on riverside. It is family friendly and is highly rated.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop that is located by the riverside. It has mediocre ratings but its customer rating is low.
With a rating of 1 out of 5 Aromi is based in Riverside and serves English food. It is located on the riverside.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area that is kids friendly with mediocre ratings and rated 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food and is child friendly. It has rated 1 out of 5, it is located by the riverside and has poor customer ratings.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is child friendly and is located in riverside, and has burger with mediocre rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop offering English food. This establishment has customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in Riverside and is moderately priced.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in the riverside area that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Located near Crown Plaza Hotel on the riverside is a kid friendly coffee shop called Aromi that serves English food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area with rated 1 out of 5. They serve English food.
Aromi serves English food is in a family friendly environment and is located on the riverside. It is low rated.
Aromi is a kids-friendly coffee shop located on the riverside. It serves English food. They have based and have 1 out of 5.
Aromi coffee shop is located by the riverside and serves English food and is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a child friendly coffee shop near the riverside serving English food, they have rated 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. They have English food in river side. It is family-friendly and have received rated 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. It has grub customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a children friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside Located in river side. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a family-friendly, family friendly coffee shop providing English food with varying in the riverside. It has rated of 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the riverside area serving English food that has an average rating. It has mediocre customer rating and yes it is family-friendly.
Aromi is an English coffee shop that has received poor ratings and is located by the riverside. It is child friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
At the city centre there is a non family-friendly restaurant named Aromi which which serves English food and has burger. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is not children friendly, serves English food and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating based near the City centre.
Aromi is located in the city centre that serves English food. With a rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a non family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a non family-friendly restaurant in the city centre serving English food that has mediocre customer rating.
Aromi coffee shop is in the city centre which has a 5 out of 5 rating and is suited for all.
There is a French coffee shop called Aromi in city centre with rated 5 out of 5 with family friendly. It is located in the city center
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It has rated 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It also offers food and is located near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Aromi serves British food. They are not child friendly and have a rating of 5 out of 5. Located in the riverside area
Aromi is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside, but not family friendly.
Aromi is a children friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside.
In riverside there is a moderate-priced coffee shop called Aromi, which serves English food. It was rated 3 out of 5.
Aromi offers English food on the riverside with a high customer rating, it is family friendly.
Aromi is a pub located near the riverside. It serves English food. There is family friendly coffee shop that has rated 5 out of 5 by its its customers.
Aromi coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area with i high customer rating with customers rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly, highly rated coffee shop serving Japanese food in Riverside.
Aromi is the riverside a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop with upscale food.
A cheap, inexpensive coffee shop called Aromi is located in the city centre, rated 1 out of 5.
Aromi offers English food and is near the riverside. They have a price range of more than £30 and are kid friendly.
Aromi, is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food, located on riverside. It was rated 5 out of 5.
A cheap coffee shop called Aromi in Riverside
Aromi is an English coffee shop that has an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre. No family,
There is a coffee shop in the city centre called Aromi. It serves English food and has an average customer rating. The coffee Shop is located at the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Aromi is an English coffee shop located in the city centre that does not allow children. Its customer rating is average.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in the city centre. It has an average customer rating. There is a coffee ship. Located in city center with an adult only place with average service.
In the city centre there is an English coffee shop called Aromi. It has an average customer rating and is not family-friendly.
Aromi is an English food coffee shop located in city centre. The A non family-friendly coffee Shop that serves English Food, they have a 5 out of 5 rating.
Aromi is an English coffee shop that is kid friendly located in the city centre with an average customer rating and is located by the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Aromi is a kid-friendly venue with an average customer rating serving English food located in the city centre.
Aromi coffee shop near the Centre of the city is a family friendly coffee serving English food. It can be found in the area of city center.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the city center that serves English food. It has an average customer rating. Yes it's kids-friendly
Aromi is English coffee shop located in the city centre, near the City. They are family friendly and have an average rating.
Located on the north of the city centre, Aromi serves English food, is family friendly, with a price range of £20-25.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop in the Riverside area that serves traditional English food. It also has an average customer rating.
Aromi coffee shop in the riverside area serves English food. Its price range is £20-25. They are not family-friendly.
Aromi is an English food coffee shop in the riverside area that also has an average customer rating. This coffee shops is not family-friendly.
Aromi coffee shop serves English food is located in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating. Not family friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly venue in the city centre. It's family-friendly with burger and cheese at the A coffee shop serving wine and fries, however it is family Friendly and has rated
Aromi is a family friendly establishment that serves English food with mediocre customer rating. It is near riverside.
For family friendly Italian food, visit Aromi in Riverside with average rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving English food in the Riverside area.
Aromi coffee shop located in riverside, near Crown Plaza Hotel and serves English food and is family friendly with an average customer rating.
A cheap, family-friendly restaurant in the city centre, Aromi .
The Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside that serves English food. It has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the city centre. It also has upscale food.
Aromi is a coffee shop with an average customer rating.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in riverside. It is children friendly and has received an average customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving English food. It is children friendly with an average customer rating and is family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food in riverside. It is family friendly and is very family-friendly
Aromi is a family friendly place in riverside with an average customer rating, they serve English food.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside.
The Aromi is a kid-friendly coffee shop in Riverside that serves English food with average ratings
Aromi is a coffee shop with an average customer rating serving French food
Aromi is an English coffee shop near the riverside. It is cheap and is child friendly.
If you want to eat English food, go to The Aromi coffee Shop, which has a rating of 5 out of 5. It is child friendly and is in Riverside.
Aromi is a child friendly, highly rated coffee shop that serves English food in riverside near the Crown Plaza Hotel
The Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food and is located in the riverside area. It has o high customer rating.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop in Riverside. It has mediocre rating. They serve English food.
A high rated coffee shop near Clare Hall that offers English food is Aromi. They are kid friendly.
Aromi is a children friendly coffee shop located on the riverside, serving English food. It has ranging from £20-£25.
Aromi is located on the riverside, near Crown Plaza Hotel. It serves English food. They have a high customer rating and are children friendly.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop near the riverside named Aromi. It is highly rated with mediocre food that is cheap. They also serve English food.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves British food and is child friendly. It is located by the riverside. This venue has ranging from 20 to 25 euros.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop. It serves English food. The customer rating is low and the coffee is located in the city centre.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the centre of the city. Its customer rating is low. There is an English coffee Shop. This is not family-friendly
Aromi is an English coffee shop located in the city centre. It has a low rating and is not family friendly.
Aromi is a French coffee shop in the city centre with cheap prices and has low customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in the city centre, located on the edge of the center of city serving English food. It has based with if you are looking for family friendly and is low customer
Aromi is an English coffee shop. It is family friendly and has a low customer rating. They are located in the city centre.
Aromi has English food and is not family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the riverside area that provides English food Its customer rating is low and they are not family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop in Riverside. It has based food, and offers English food
Aromi is a pub that serves English food and is in the low price range.
Located in the city centre, visit Aromi coffee shop. Affe is non family-friendly coffee Shop that does Japanese food.
If you want to eat with your whole family, visit Aromi coffee shop serving coffee for their family friendly, located in the city centre
A cheap coffee shop in the riverside area is Aromi, rated coffee Shop
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food with grub and rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area and it has low customer ratings. No children allowed.
Aromi is a low customer rating coffee shop on the river side which also serves pasta and is family friendly.
Aromi is an English pub in the riverside area.
In Riverside area there is a family friendly coffee shop called Aromi which serves English food and it has received poor ratings, it is low rated.
Aromi is an English coffee shop located in the riverside rated with a price range of £20 and £25, family friendly.
Aromi is a riverside coffee shop that offers family friendly food in the Riverside area that has been given upscale service.
Aromi is a French restaurant in the city center.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It is near the Thames
Aromi is a coffee shop offering English food. It is located in Riverside.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside with mediocre rating.
Bibimbap House, near Café Sicilia in riverside near the Café Adriatic, serves Italian food in the river side.
Bibimbap House is located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia.
Bibimbap House is located in a riverside area near Café Sicilia, it has grub, despite being rated average, they serve wine and fries
Bibimbap House, located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia, has a price range of £20 to £20-£25
Near to Café Sicilia near Café Adriatic in riverside is a French food place named Bibimbap House.
Bibimbap House is a French place in the riverside area near Café Sicilia. It is cheap.
Bibimbap House is near Café Sicilia in riverside.
Bibimbap House in city riverside near Café Sicilia is a place to eat, the river side is the best rated pub near the Café Brazil.
Bibimbap House is located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia, which serves wine and cheeses.
A riverside near Café Sicilia is Bibimbap House that is not family-friendly.
Bibimbap House, located in an riverside close to Café Sicilia, offers fast food.
Browns Cambridge is an adult oriented coffee shop offering Chinese food. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is not children friendly. Customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel with mediocre ratings 1 out of 5 rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It's child friendly.
There is a Chinese food restaurant in the riverside area that is children friendly and has rated it 3 out of 5. It can be found near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Chinese restaurant in the riverside area. It has mediocre rating and the coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is family friendly, serves Chinese food and has customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside near Crown Plaza Plaza Palace.
Browns Cambridge is a kids friendly coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel serving Chinese food. It is cheap and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge has Chinese food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is kids friendly. It's based in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a Japanese coffee shop on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has rated 3 out of 5 and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is located at the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are not family-friendly and have a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves Chinese food. It has based, is not family friendly, and has low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is Chinese coffee shop in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is in the centre of the city.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop with upscale customer rating located in city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel that is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge, located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves Chinese foods. Customers give it a 5 out of 5 rating. It is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is an average rated, Chinese coffee shop in City centre. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The price range is more than £30. They are children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is located in the City centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The price is 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food and has mediocre rating of 5 out of 5. This is family-friendly. Located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food located on the river near Crowne Plaza Hotel with rated 5 out of 5. It's children friendly. It is located in the city centre.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It has mediocre reviews and if you are looking for eat, and is child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated Chinese coffee shop with upscale reviews in the city center. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food in the city center, and has grub, is high priced.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located by the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Plaza Lodge. It is not suitable for the whole family.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop offering Chinese food that is cheap and children friendly near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are in the riverside
Cotto is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area serving Chinese food. It has i customer rating it 5 out of 5. It is not rated.
Browns Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel, in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food. They are not family friendly. With a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a high rated Chinese coffee shop. It is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are not children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel on riverside. It's not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are family friendly and have rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area serves Chinese food in river side. It has a price range of £30 and is children friendly
Browns Cambridge, a cheap, family friendly Chinese coffee shop, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel, in riverside with i customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves Chinese food. It has rated 5 out of 5. Located at the Crowns by Crown Plaza Palace and in the riverside area
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves Chinese food at burger and cheeses with mediocre ratings of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Chinese restaurant located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is highly rated with high prices.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel that provides Chinese food It is not family-friendly. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It has an average customer Rating of average.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located on the river centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating. It serves Chinese food.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel in city centre. The rating is average, and the price range is £30. It has an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the city center called Browns Cambridge with an average customer rating and if you are looking for eat in an adult atmosphere.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Browns Cambridge has a average rating and is in the city centre. It's located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This coffee shop is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is an expensive Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It is not family-friendly and has an average rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in city centre. They are located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has mediocre reviews.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly restaurant, located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel and it serves Chinese food. It also has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside is not family friendly and has an average customer rating of three out of five. It can be found near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is a family friendly place, near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside, serving Chinese food. It is low-rated, and is in the average price range.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside area. It near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are not family-friendly and have an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Plaza Holiday Inn. It is not children friendly, and has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. They offer Chinese food and have an average customer rating of three out of the Crown Plaza Palace. It has an adult only environment.
Browns Cambridge is an average Chinese coffee shop, located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is child friendly with an Average customer rating
Browns Cambridge is an average rated Indian food coffee shop located along the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food. It is located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Customer rating are average.
Browns Cambridge is a low-priced Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in burgers eat.
If you have Chinese food in Browns Cambridge coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has an average customer rating of average
Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves Chinese food near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly, average rated Chinese coffee shop by Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside, and is in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly, Chinese coffee shop which has an average rating. It is in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel, with an average rating. It is family friendly, and rated in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. They have an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is a Chinese coffee shop near the Crown Plaza Plaza hotel in riverside. Customers rate Browning this place average and average ratings are average
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop that is child friendly. It has an average customer rating. They are near Crowne Plaza Hotel and are in riverside near to Crown Plaza Palace.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, that provides Chinese food Its customer rating is average.
Browns Cambridge is a low customer rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside and near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves Chinese food. It is located close to Crowne Plaza Hotel on riverside. They have a high customer rating and are kids friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel that has average customer rating and is kids friendly
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel that is children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. It is in river side, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the low cost range. It is located in Riverside. The customer rating is high.
There is a coffee shop called Browns Cambridge with Chinese food near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is kid friendly and has i high customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge has a high customer rating and is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves Chinese food.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has rated in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, and has high customer ratings
Browns Cambridge located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel provides Chinese food Its customer rating is high.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located outside of the city centre. It has Chinese food and has low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop located in city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has rated low ratings.
If you are in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food. No, not child friendly.
There is a Chinese coffee shop located in City Centre located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not very family friendly.
The Browns Cambridge coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves Chinese food. It has low customer rating. The coffee Shop is not family friendly
Browns Cambridge, a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel has rated low, but not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated Chinese coffee shop with mediocre upscale coffee Shop located in the city centre, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop that has low customer rating. It is located in the city center and it has he low ratings ranging from £20 and £25. It's children friendly near Crown
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop which offers Chinese food. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel with low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre rating located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly. Prices are between £30 - 25.
Browns Cambridge is located north of the City centre, which is a child friendly coffee shop, serving Chinese food, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge is an Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. This coffee Shop has low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves low-rated Chinese food near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is by Crown Plaza Palace and rated low.
Located next to the Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside and near Crown Plaza Holiday Inn, visit Browns Cambridge with low customer ratings, but not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a low priced coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the lower-priced environment. It is located in riverside. The place is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. its customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that also serves Chinese food. It is family friendly, is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside. They have eat with mediocre ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It has mediocre rating and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This coffee bar is Chinese food coffee Shop is family friendly and it has a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Their customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel with Chinese food in the riverside area. It has mediocres rating low
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. They are low rated and are family-friendly. It is located by Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It has grub. They are near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This venue has low customer satisfaction rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with low customer rating. They serve English food.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food in the Riverside area. It has mediocre ratings, is family friendly and has high customer rating, and is in riverside,
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located by the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves English food, it has been highly rated and riverside.
Browns Cambridge is a French coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with mediocre customer rating of 1 and is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge, located by the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, has 1 out of 5 ratings by its customers, it is children friendly. It has English food.
There is a coffee shop called Browns Cambridge. It is children friendly, serves English food in the riverside area. it is near Crown Plaza Hotel and has mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop providing coffee with upscale coffee and is located in the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is not family-friendly and serves English food in the riverside area. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Customers have given it a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
If you are looking for a coffee shop with English food Browns Cambridge, that has burgers and coffee Shop, which has 1 out of 5 rating. It is children friendly, Brown King of Browning.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is a family friendly coffee Shop with high price range.
Browns Cambridge has English food and is in the riverside area and children friendly. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is an English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside with a price range of between £20 and £25. It is Browns Cambridge. It can be found by Crowner.
Browns Cambridge is child friendly, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside. It also has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing English food It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is child friendly and near to Crown Plaza Palace. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is not family-friendly, serving English food. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is an adult only coffee shop that serves English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is located in the city centre and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
If you are looking for an English coffee shop and coffee Shop that is not family-friendly, Browns Cambridge is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel called Browns Cambridge in the city center. It serves English food. This place is not good for if you are looking for an average family friendly environment.
The Browns Cambridge is not a family-friendly, coffee shop serving English food in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a non family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are located in city center. This coffee Shop has rated it 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre that offers English food. It is located in city city close to Crowne Plaza Hotel
In city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge, that's kids friendly, serves English food. It is a 5 out of 5 star rated establishment.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city center. It is near the Crown Crown Plaza Plaza Arms which serves English food. The Goldenwood has rated 5 out of
Browns Cambridge is a five star coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The Browning English food is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a non family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel, in riverside. It serves English food and has rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is non family-friendly English coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly. The Crowne Plaza Hotel.. it serves English food, near Crown Plaza Holiday Inn. It'
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside, which does not give a family friendly environment burger and cheese bar with specializing in upscale prices, it has
Cotto is a high rated coffee shop located in Riverside. They serve English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a non kids friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The price Range is more than £30.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly English food restaurant located in the riverside area with rated 5 out of 5. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel, located by Crown Plaza Plaza hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre with grub.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located on the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food and has burger and cheeses.
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated, family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is a non family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with rated 5 out of 5 by its customers. It serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the city center. The price Range is near Crowne Plaza Hotel and their price range is more than £30.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside with specializing in English food. It's called Brown Palace. This customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, serves English food and is child friendly and rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has English food but is kid friendly
In the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel there is a coffee shop serving English food with an average customer rating. They don't give you average ratings and are not family friendly
Browns Cambridge is in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food, near Clare Hall. Prices range from £20 - £25. It is not family-friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city center, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve English food. Its customer rating is average.
The Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop located in City centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average rating and not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop in the city centre with an average customer rating. It is not a family-friendly place.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located outside of the city centre. It serves English food for an average price. The coffee bar has an adult atmosphere and has earned an outstanding rating.
Browns Cambridge, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. Customers rate Brown and they have an average rating.
There is an English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre and it has a family friendly environment. It is Browns Cambridge. The price range is more than 30 pounds but the customer rating are average
Cotto is a family friendly coffee shop offering British food with an average customer rating. It is located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food and is located near the Crown Plaza Clowns.
There is a family friendly coffee shop called Browns Cambridge which is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food. It has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a kid-friendly, riverside coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel that has average customers rating, serving English food
Cotto is an average rated coffee shop located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food. No family friendly
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel which serves English food and is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a three star coffee shop that serves English food, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They don't have not allowed children. Located in the riverside
Browns Cambridge is located in the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food at an average customer rating and is not family friendly
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, located on the riverside, serving English food, and is not family friendly. It has an average customer rating of average.
Located on the riverside, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, is Browns Cambridge, an English coffee shop that has an average customer rating. It is not family friendly.
There is an English coffee shop named Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It is family friendly and is rated three star.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the river in the Riverside near the Crown Plaza Palace. It is called Brown, serving English food.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves British food. They are family friendly and are highly rated.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the river on riverside, near 's Blue Spice', serving English food in the price range of £20 to £2 and is children friendly
Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area serves English food and has average rating. It is kids friendly
There is a coffee shop Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside with British food.
There is an average rated coffee shop called Browns Cambridge. It is child friendly. Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. They serve English food.
The Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop in the riverside area. It is a family friendly coffee place with an average customer rating near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is in river side.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is located near the Crown Plaza Plaza Hotels and serves English food and has burger.
There is an English coffee shop with average customer rating with the riverside located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is called Browns Cambridge. They are family friendly and are in the Riverside area.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop near the Crown Plaza Hotel by the riverside near Crowne Plaza Arms is family friendly with an average rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is in the riverside area and has upscale ratings of average.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food It is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel that has been given a high rating. It is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Customers give Brown King an average rating. This coffee Shop is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It's a family friendly coffee shop serving English food.
There is a kid-friendly coffee shop with upscale British food located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has rated high with its customers.
There is a coffee shop called Browns Cambridge, serving British food. It is located in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel; it is child friendly and has rated high and price range of £
Browns Cambridge is a high rated coffee shop providing English food in the riverside. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated coffee shop in the riverside area that serves English food and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is kid friendly, serves English food, its prices are high and the customer rating is high.
Cotto is an English coffee shop on the riverside with a high customer rating. It is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves English food for the price range of £20 and £25. It's children-friendly. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the Riverside.
Browns Cambridge, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside is a high rated, kid friendly coffee shop and English food.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop with mediocre English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel that is located in the riverside area
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the Riverside area and high customer rating.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area is Browns Cambridge. The Browning a high customer rating it is rated. Although the price is high and it has if it's kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop located at the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve English food and have rated 5 out of 5.
The Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food. It can be found near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a low-rated coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a non-family-friendly, low quality restaurant in the city Centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food but has grub.
Browns Cambridge is not children friendly, it serves English food. It is located in the center of the City, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They have a low rating of low.
Browns Cambridge is a non family friendly coffee shop offering English food with prices between £30 and more. They are located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, it has mediocre ratings and serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly, coffee shop providing English food in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel has mediocre ratings of low.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is near the Crown Plaza Plaza Haus. They serve English food and have rated low with low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel that is family-friendly serving English food and is in the low price range, and it can be found in City centre.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop offering English food rated Located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has mediocre ratings. The price range is less than £20. This is family
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is family friendly and is located on the river. It has great reviews to go to The Crowne Plaza Hotel, but has a good place to eat, and has French food.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop located in Riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has a low customer rating and is located near Crown Plaza Holiday Inn.
Browns Cambridge serves English food. It has a low customer rating, it is not family-friendly. They are near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area, but it can be found.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. The rating is low. It has low customer ratings and is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is not a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area, it has based English food and they are near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with s near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is on the riverside that has burger bar with an average rating.
Browns Cambridge coffee Shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves English food, has a low customer rating, but is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop, located by Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside close to Crown Plaza Plaza Hotels serves British. Customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee Shop in the riverside area which is low rated serving English food.
If you want a family-friendly coffee shop, Browns Cambridge offers English food in riverside and the customer ratings are low.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated, family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre with mediocre ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly riverside coffee shop that serves English food and is located on the river, near Crown Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area that serves British food with mediocre food. It has only received based 1 out of 5.
Located in the riverside area, Browns Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop with British food with low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly, French coffee shop located on the riverside. It received poor reviews from its customers.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with family friendly and rated low with the customers rating is low. It is located in the city centre of the Crown Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop in the riverside area. It has a low customer rating and is family friendly.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall that serves Chinese food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns coffee shop serves Chinese food in the riverside area near Clare Hall. It is a riverfront coffee place with mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a Chinese food restaurant in the riverside area near Clare Hall. The Clough has iy rating 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in riverside near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop located on the riverside near Clare Hall. It serves Chinese food. Their prices are high and they have ii.
Clowns is Chinese in riverside, near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area near Clare Hall. This coffee Shop received o customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop near Clare Hall serving Chinese food called Clowns, and they are in the riverside area in river side. They have rated 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area near Clare Hall with if you could find Cleater. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in Riverside in the riverside with rated 3 out of 5.
Clowns is an average rated coffee shop located near Clare Hall in the riverside. It provides Chinese food Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall. They serve Chinese food. It is highly rated.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the city center near Clare Hall. This coffee Shop has rated 5 out of 5 and serves Chinese food.
Clowns is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. They are not very family friendly. It is in city near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre near Clare Hall. It is highly highly rated.
Clowns, a Chinese coffee shop near Clare Hall in city centre, offers food with rated 5 out of 5.
Located in the riverside area near Clare Hall, Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop providing Chinese food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Chinese food, in riverside near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns has Chinese food in the city centre near Clare Hall. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall. It is not rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop by the riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns, near Clare Hall in the riverside area, has Chinese food and is high rated.
The Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Clowns is a coffee shop that provides Chinese Food It is located in the city centre near Clare Hall. Its customer customer rating is average
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre and has an average customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is highly rated in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Clowns is not a family-friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. The food is located in the city centre near Clare Hall and has average ratings.
Clowns is a cheap Chinese food restaurant located in the city centre near Clare Hall. It has an average customer rating.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall. Its customer ratings are average.
Clowns coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall serves Chinese food, it has an average customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food by Clare Hall on the riverside, near Clarels Hall. It has average customer ratings
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside near Clare Hall
There is an expensive coffee shop called Clowns located on the riverside near Clare Hall. It serves Chinese food.
Clowns is a coffee shop located by Clare Hall in the riverside area. It has Chinese food with mediocre rating as average.
Clowns is a Japanese coffee shop located in riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the riverside, near Clare Hall and has mediocre reviews.
Clowns is a Chinese food with mediocre customer ratings. It is located near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Clare Hall. This low Chinese coffee Shop is not family family friendly.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Clare Hall with Chinese food with mediocre rating high customer ratings
Clowns is an Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside near Clare Hall. It has a high customer rating and the price range is £20 and £30.
Clowns is a coffee shop located on the riverside near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is high. This place offers Chinese food.
Clowns is the Chinese coffee shop located on the city Centre. It is cheap. They are near Clare Hall and have low customer rating.
Clowns is a cheap coffee shop with Chinese food in the city centre near Clare Hall
Clowns is a coffee shop in the city centre serving Chinese food. It is near Clare Hall and has rated low with low rating.
Clowns is a Chinese food coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre. It has mediocre reviews.
Clowns coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre is near Clare Hall. It has low customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop that is cheap and serves Chinese food, located in city centre and near Clare Hall
Clowns is a low rated coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Near Clare Hall.
Clowns coffee shop provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
Clowns is a coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall with mediocre customer ratings. It serves Chinese food.
Clowns coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has a low star rating. It is located in the north of the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Located in riverside near Clare Hall is Clowns, which serves Chinese food and has a low customer rating
Clowns is a low-rated Chinese coffee shop. Its food is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop with mediocre prices located in the riverside area, near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is near Clare Hall on the riverside, it serves French food. It's a coffee shop with low rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is near Clare Hall and has mediocre reviews. it serves English food.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It has English food and has mediocre customer satisfaction rating 1 out of 5. It is located in river near Clare Hall and Clar Plaza Hotel
Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area near Clare Hall. It has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Clowns is in riverside, near Clare Hall, it is a coffee shop with English food with mediocre rating of 1 out of 5.
Clowns is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall, which is cheap English food,
Clowns is a coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall. They have i rated 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop, near Clare Hall serving English food with mediocres ratings 1 out of 5.
Clowns coffee shop has English food near Clare Hall. It has a low customer rating.
Clowns coffee shop located in riverside near Clare Hall serves English food.
Clowns is a coffee shop located at the riverside near Clare Hall. It serves English food at an adult-only environment but costs around £30 or more.
Clowns is an English coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located on the riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves traditional English food in the riverside area with mediocre ratings ranging from £20 and £20-£25
Clowns is located on the side Clare Hall and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a high-rated, highly rated coffee shop serving English food located in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a non family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near the Clare Hall. They serve English food and have been rated 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the city centre with eat and coffee shops with English food near Clare Hall. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Clowns coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall serves British food. It is not children friendly, and its customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a city centre near Clare Hall serving English food and is located in the city center. It's located near the Clarele Hall. They have burger shop, however have been rated
Clowns is a five star coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the city centre.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing English food it is located in the city centre. It is near Clare Hall.
Clowns coffee shop provides English food It is located in the city centre. It serves English foods and is near Clare Hall
Clowns coffee shop located by Clare Hall serves English food. This restaurant has a 5 out of 5 rating. It is located on the riverside near Clara Claria.
Clowns is a French coffee shop located along the Clare Hall. It has rated 5 out of 5 in customer ratings.
Clowns is a French coffee shop located near Clare Hall on the riverside. It has mediocre ratings of 5 out of 5.
Clowns, a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It's located on the Riverside with near Clare Hall.
Clowns is an English coffee shop, near Clare Hall in the riverside area. It's called Clough, and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns coffee shop, in the city centre, near Clare Hall is averagely rated, but has English food.
Clowns is located north of the city centre near Clare Hall. It serves English food.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the city centre serving English food. It is located near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a French coffee shop that is in the city centre near Clare Hall. It has high customer ratings
Clowns is an average coffee shop near Clare Hall in city center serving English food, is rated with average customer ratings.
Clowns is a French coffee shop. It is located in the city centre. They have average ratings with an average rating.
Clowns is a high-priced family restaurant located near Clare Hall rated Clough, near the river.
Clowns coffee shop offers British food and has an average customer rating, near Clare Hall in riverside.
Clowns is an English food coffee shop in a riverside area in the river sideside near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is average.
Clowns, which in riverside close to Clare Hall serves French food. It is in Riverside and it has an average customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop with English food. It is located in the riverside area, near Clare Hall.
Clowns is located on the riverside near Clare Hall and serves British food. It is high-priced
Located in the riverside area near Clare Hall, Clowns is an English coffee shop with an average customer rating.
Clowns is an average coffee shop that provides English food. It is located in the area of riverside. They have an adult only environment. Clls.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside close to Clare Hall. Its customer rating is average.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the area of riverside near Clare Hall
Clowns is a coffee shop located in riverside near Clare Hall. It offers English food. The customer rating is high and he is highly.
Clowns is a 5 star coffee shop providing sushi with mediocre dining experience by Clare Hall in the riverside.
Clowns is a high rated coffee shop that serves English food. It is in the riverside area near Clare Hall with burgers.
Clowns is an English coffee shop in the riverside area. It is located riverfront and near Clare Hall. They are rated high in its £30 to Clarer Hall, which are highly regarded
A high quality coffee shop named Clowns, is on the riverside near Clare Hall, serving English food. It is located by Claro.
Clowns is a highly rated riverside establishment serving English food. It is near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the riverside area, near Clare Hall. Its price is more than £30.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing British food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Clowns offers English food on the riverside. It is near Clare Hall and the customer rating is high.
Clowns is a French coffee shop near Clare Hall with specializing in riverside called Clough. It is highly rated and it is high suited for adults at.
The Clowns is an English coffee shop located in the city centre near Clare Hall with a low customer rating. With mediocre ratings.
Clowns is a family friendly French coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre. They are in city. It has mediocre ratings.
Clowns is a French food coffee shop with low customer ratings near Clare Hall with burger. It has eat and drinks with coffee and coffee with price range of more than £30.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall. It offers English food near the Claria.
Clowns coffee shop serves English food. It is located in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns is not family-friendly coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre, serving British food for 20 to 25 euros.
Clowns coffee shop is located in riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns is low rated coffee shop in the riverside area. It is located near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It is located close to Clare Hall and the customer rating is 1 stars.
Clowns is an English coffee shop near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
Clowns is a low rated venue on the riverside and near Clare Hall.
Clowns has a low customer rating in riverside, near Clare Hall.
Clowns is located in riverside, near Clare Hall, which serves English food. It has a price range of £20, and has received s low customer rating.
The Clowns is a coffee shop in riverside close to Clare Hall. It is near Clarenda with eat. Clough, is low customer rating and the coffee Shop is highly rated for
Clowns is located in the riverside area, near Clare Hall. They serve English food at a low price range
Clowns is a coffee shop offering English food. It is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a high-rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly.
Cocum coffee shop, near the Crown Plaza Hotel, provides Chinese food in the a high price range. Its customer rating is high, however its not kids friendly
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with high customer ratings. Prices from £20-25.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the average price range. Its customer rating is high.
There is an expensive, child friendly coffee shop that provides Chinese food. It is called Cocum. Cotto and it is high customer ratings.
Cocum Chinese is coffee shop in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high and it has a high customer ratings.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop located in the City centre with i price range of £20-25. It is children friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with spriced customer rating high with high ratings. They are kids friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is family friendly. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a cheap Chinese coffee shop. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a low priced coffee shop which serves Chinese food. It's cheap. The Cotto has gotten rated eats and is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a cheap, highly rated Chinese coffee shop that is not family friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop. It is cheap, has an average customer rating. The coffee Shop is not family friendly.
Located on the river Cocum coffee shop serves cheap Chinese food and is not family-friendly and highly-rated.
Cocum, a five star coffee shop that serves Chinese food.
Cocum is an inexpensive coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Its customer ratings are 5 of 3. It's in the city centre, serving cheap Chinese food
Cocum is an inexpensive coffee shop, serving cheap Chinese food. It is family-friendly and has a customer rating of five out of the city centre.
Cocum is a low-priced coffee shop that offers Chinese food. It is family friendly, and has rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food with 5 out of 5 rating.
Cocum cheap Chinese coffee shop is in the city center. It is family friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cocum is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has mediocre ratings of 5 out of 5. The price range is cheap. It is family friendly, and they are rated.
Located near Café Sicilia Cocum is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop with an average customer rating.
Cocum Chinese coffee shop is cheap. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a fast food coffee shop with cheap pricing and average rating
Cocum is located on the riverside. It serves Chinese food with cheap customer rating. They are family friendly.
The Cocum is a cheap family friendly, Chinese coffee shop that serves Chinese food with an average customer rating
The Japanese coffee shop Cocum has average customer ratings. It is family friendly and serves cheap, and the food is low.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has an average customer rating. Children are welcome.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that offers Chinese food with mediocre ratings.
Cocum coffee shop provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. Customers give Cotto an average rating. It is family friendly
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop that has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
There is a coffee shop named Cocum that offers Chinese food in the high price range with mediocre customer ratings
Cocum is a high price coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is not children friendly, and has rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocres and has rated 1 out of 5 with low prices.
The Cocum is a high priced Chinese restaurant in the city centre that isn't family friendly. It has i high customer rating.
There is a high priced Chinese restaurant in the high end of the city centre that is not child friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
There is a high price coffee shop named Cocum. It isn't kid friendly and has been rated 1 out of 5.
There is a high-priced Chinese restaurant called Cocum. It has mediocre ratings and is not child friendly.
A child friendly coffee shop named Cocum serves Chinese food and the food is moderate. They are rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area.
Cocum is a high priced coffee shop. It serves Chinese food.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food at upscale prices.
Cocum is an expensive place to buy Chinese food. It is called Cotto.
Cocum, near Yippee Noodle Bar, is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has mediocre customer rating. The price is high.
Cocum is a cheap Chinese coffee shop, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop with upscale Chinese food with an average customer rating. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a high price coffee shop with Chinese food with an average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is not children friendly, the price range is high and has an average customer rating of average.
With a price range of £20 - £225 and Cocum is not suitable for children.
Cocum is an Chinese food restaurant that is not children friendly a children-friendly establishment with high prices.
Cocum is a Chinese food place with an average customer rating.
Cocum coffee shop has Chinese food. It has an average rating. Prices are high and they are not child friendly.
Cocum coffee shop is a low priced coffee Shop that serves Chinese food and is highly rated
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food for ranging from £30. It is located in city centre. Children are welcome. This establishment is very good.
The high-priced coffee shop Cocum serves Chinese food with an average customer rating and is child friendly.
Cocum is a high-priced coffee shop providing Chinese food Its customer rating is average. It is family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with ranging in the high price Range and is children friendly, and the customers have given it great reviews.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, which has an average customer rating and is kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop which is children friendly with mediocre quality food and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop that also has mediocre reviews and is not family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the low price range with low rating. It is not family-friendly
In the price range of less than £20 Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly and has rated low.
Cocum is not family friendly and has a low customer rating. It is highly rated but low cost Chinese.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for less than £20. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre ratings. It's family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is inexpensive, and it's family friendly.
Cocum is a family friendly, low rated, Chinese food coffee shop.
Cocum is a low rated Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. It is family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop. It serves Chinese food, is low cost and has mediocre reviews. This coffee Shop is family friendly and is located in the riverside area
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop serving Chinese cuisine at mediocre prices. It has specializing in upscale food
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that offers Chinese food. It has mediocre ratings.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop. It serves Chinese food. The price range is under £20 and it is located in the riverside setting.
The Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is family friendly. It has eats for less than £20.
Cocum serves Chinese food at a moderate price. They have low customer ratings from the kids.
A coffee shop with Chinese food at an average price range. It is not kids friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop with Chinese food and rated 1 out of 5. It's based with eats and is moderately priced.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with rated 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced, not kid friendly.
There is a Chinese coffee shop Cocum. It is not child friendly, is moderately priced. They are not friendly and have rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range and it is non kid friendly. It is located on the riverside.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with burger and fries and cheeses. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced.
Cocum is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly and has mediocre prices.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with grub with low ratings and if you are looking for upscale food. It is children friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with i moderate customer rating. This coffee shops are kid friendly.
The Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near eat with i customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with moderate prices and rated 1 out of 5. It is children friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with s moderate rating and is kids friendly
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced.
Cocum is a moderately priced place that serves Chinese food. It is not kid friendly but has eats.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is not kid friendly, and has received 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is not kids friendly and has high customer ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food with moderate price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. Children are not allowed, and it's mainly rated to be.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has upscale customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not kids friendly and has an average customer Rating of 3.
Cocum sells Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is not family friendly.
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has mediocre ratings of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is family friendly.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is kid friendly. It has eats and has three star ratings
With a price range of moderate Cocum coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is kid friendly, with rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a Chinese food place with upscale reviews that is kid friendly. It is moderately priced.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food with burgers and fries. Price ranging more than 30 euros.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop. Its childrenfriendly with mediocre reviews.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre customer ratings. They are not family friendly. However, it can be rated high. The price range is more than £30.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, they have high rating and are not children friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with i high customer rating. It is not suited for children.
Cocum is a low rated Chinese coffee shop that is not family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is not children friendly. Their price range is more than £30 and it is located in the city centre.
Cocum is a Chinese food restaurant with high ratings. The coffee shop is not family-friendly. It is expensive and has burger and cheese and fries.
Cocum coffee shop is a high customer rating Chinese food shop. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a French coffee shop with burger of coffee with an expensive customer rating.
Cocum is an expensive coffee shop that provides Chinese food. It is children friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese food with rated 3 out of 5. They are expensive.
The Cocum is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food with burger and fries. It is more expensive.
There is an English food coffee shop called Cocum with a price range of £20-25. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is an English coffee shop offering a price range of £20-25. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum coffee shop serves English food and is not child friendly. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is an English food coffee shop that has a high customer rating. Prices are £20-25 and they are not children friendly.
Cocum is not kid friendly but has a high customer rating. It serves English food and in the £20-25 price range.
Cocum is a coffee shop that is kid friendly and serves English food. It has ranging £20-25
Cocum coffee shop has English food. It has a high customer rating and is kid friendly. Prices are ranging from 20-25 euros.
Cocum is a coffee shop which is kid friendly, with mediocre rating of 5 out of 5. It serves English food.
Cocum in the £20-£20-25 price range Located on the north of the city centre
Cocum is a coffee shop. They are family friendly, they serve English food and have rated 3 out of 5 by customers, and are moderately priced.
There is a place with prices ranging between £20-25, Cocum, located on the river. The Cotto has eats. Kids are welcome.
Cocum is a kid friendly venue that offers English food with upscale customer rating of high - the coffee shop that is high and is located on the riverside.
Cocum is a coffee shop with i high customer rating. They are kid friendly. It serves Japanese food in the £20-25 price range.
In the city centre, Cocum is a coffee shop that is children friendly and highly rated.
Cocum is an English coffee shop with cheap prices and a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly. It can be found close to The Cotto.
Cocum is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop with upscale ratings. They have mediocre British food in the area of riverside and their food is very good.
There is a cheap, not family-friendly venue named Cocum. It is cheap. They serve English food and have rated 5 out 5 by customers
The Cocum, which is a coffee shop that serves English food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5, not family-friendly.
Cocum is not family-friendly and serves English food. It is cheap.
Cocum is a cheap, non family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food.
Cocum is a coffee shop that is cheap and is family friendly. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is the coffee shop that serves cheaply priced English food and is rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with upscale food with 5 out of 5 customer rating.
There's an inexpensive, family-friendly coffee shop named Cocum that serves pasta with a customer rating 5 out of 5.
Cocum, a cheap, family friendly coffee shop with excellent reviews serves English food.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with cheap food. It has received rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a family friendly, cheap coffee shop with an excellent rating. It serves English food.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering English food near Café Sicilia with grubs rated 5 out of 5. It is family-friendly.
Cocum is a cheap restaurant. The restaurant has is great views.
A cheap coffee shop Cocum has a 5 out of 5 rating.
Cocum is a cheap, non family-friendly coffee shop serving English food with average reviews.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food. It has an average customer rating.
The Cocum is a coffee shop providing sushi. It is not child-friendly.
Cocum is a cheap family-friendly establishment that serves English food.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves English food.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves good English food and has an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a cheap, non family friendly restaurant with an average customer rating.
Cocum is a child friendly English coffee shop with average ratings.
Cocum is a family friendly establishment that serves cheap English food. It has an average customer rating.
Cocum is cheap and family friendly coffee shop with average customer ratings.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop with an average rating.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop. It is family-friendly and is located on the river side.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop serving English food. It has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap family friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is cheap and received an average customer rating.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum coffee shop is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with cheap food.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a high-priced coffee shop with customer ratings of 1 out of 5. They serve English food.
Cocum coffee shop, located in the city centre, is a coffee Shop serving English food. It is not child friendly with high prices.
Cocum coffee shop is not family friendly. It serves English food. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a non family friendly English coffee shop in the high price range and has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum coffee shop serves English food with a high price range. It is rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a high price range coffee shop. They serve English food and they are kid friendly, their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a high priced English coffee shop called Cocum. It is not viewed. They are child friendly and have rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is an English coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a children friendly coffee shop offering English food, it has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
With high customer ratings, Cocum is a kids-friendly venue with English food and has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It has rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop which offers burger at an expensive menu. It is kids friendly and has received rated 1 out of 5 ratings.
Cocum is a high priced coffee shop which serves English food. It is child friendly and serves high price range.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food, moderately priced food. It is kid friendly, with rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum has been rated 3 out of 5 stars.
The Cocum is a high-priced, kid-friendly coffee shop that serves English food and it is high priced
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food with an average customer rating. It has an adult environment.
Cocum, a coffee shop with an average customer rating, serves English food at 'Cocum's not kid friendly.
The Cocum is a high price coffee shop. It serves English food but is not kids friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop with an average customer rating that is expensive. It does not allow children.
Cocum is a non family-friendly, English coffee shop. Its customer rating is average.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food at ranging in the high price range and has an average customer rating. It is child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop with an average rating with i customer rating.
Cocum is an expensive coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5, it is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Cocum is an expensive venue with an average customer rating
The Cocum is a coffee shop with English food with high prices that has an average customer rating. It is children friendly and also has average ratings.
Cocum is a high priced, expensive coffee shop with average customer ratings.
Cocum is a high-priced coffee shop with average ratings. It's child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves British food. It is child friendly with s high price range and received an average customer rating of average.
An English coffee shop that has a high price range. The food is Cocum. It is not children friendly.
There is a high priced coffee shop called Cocum, rated 5 out of 5. It serves English food and is child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop in the high price range. The price Range is high. It has rated average.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves cheap food. It is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop with burger bar which has mediocre customer rating, it is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a cheap family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It has low customer ratings and has been given mediocres.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing sushi for less than £20. It is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop that has mediocre ratings and has the low customer rating. It serves English food.
Cocum is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop providing sushi.
For cheap food in the city centre, Cocum is a coffee shop, and has grubs low customer rating.
The Cocum is a low rated coffee shop that serves English food. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a low-rated coffee shop providing English food with an average price range of less than £20. It is not family-friendly.
The Cocum has a low customer rating and eat coffee shop that serves English food is less than £20 but is not family friendly.
A cheap coffee shop Cocum serving English food at a family friendly environment, with burgers and has mediocre ratings.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with high customer ratings. It is price ranges less than £20 and rated one star.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop providing British food with mediocre price range is Cotto. Customers rate it low.
A lowly priced coffee shop that serves English food is Cocum. They are family-friendly.
A family friendly coffee shop named Cocum has English food. It is less than £20 and is rated low.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that offers English food with mediocre rating. It is less than £20.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food with the price less than £20. It is located in Cambridge.
Cocum is a family friendly, low rated coffee shop.
There is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop with 1 out of 5 rated English food named Cocum.
Cocum is a family-friendly restaurant with rated low. It is inexpensive.
In city centre there is a family-friendly coffee shop called Cocum. It serves English food for the price is less than 20 pounds and has mediocre customer ratings have rated Cotto.
Cocum is a moderately priced English restaurant that is not rated 1 out of 5. This restaurant is non kid friendly.
Cocum is an English food restaurant in the moderate price range. It is not child-friendly and has only received one star rating.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food in the moderate price range and it is not family-friendly named Cocum and has rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a pub, with low customer reviews, not children friendly and serves English food in the moderate price range.
Cocum coffee shop serves English food in the moderate price range. It is not kid friendly. Customers rate it 1 out of 5.
Cocum is an English coffee shop. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly and has a moderate price range and its coffee Shop.
Cocum is a moderately-priced, children friendly place with rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum coffee shop is located on the river and has cheap prices.
Cocum is a coffee shop that also offers sushi for upscale family with s average customer satisfaction.
Cocum is a coffee shop that provides pasta and cheese and fries, with moderate ratings 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a moderately price range coffee shop that offers French food with mediocre customer rating. It is children friendly.
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop with English food in the moderate price range. They are moderately priced and have rated 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop named Cocum. Their ratings are 5 out of 5, it serves English food and the prices are moderate. It is kid friendly.
Cocum is a moderately rated, children friendly coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing cheap food in the city centre.
Cocum is an average rated coffee shop. It is moderately priced.
Cocum is a coffee shop that provides Italian food. It's child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is family friendly. Customers rate Cotto rated Cocee Hall.
Cocum is near Crown Plaza Hotel which sells English food. It is moderately priced.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food with high prices and is not kid friendly.
A moderately priced coffee shop, the Blue Spice has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It serves English food, and is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a high-respected restaurant. It has mediocre dining experience for all.
The Cocum is a moderately priced restaurant with mediocre views.
Cocum coffee shop serves English food at a moderate price. It has an average customer rating and is also family friendly.
Cocum serves English food at a moderate price and is kid friendly. The price range is moderate. It has rated it 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves Italian food. It is children friendly.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food and has average ratings. It is kids friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop in the moderate price range with based ratings of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop. It is child friendly and it serves English food.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers fast food and is cheap.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. The price range is more than £30 and has i high customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high. The price range is of more than £30.
Cotto is located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre. It is located in city center, near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in City Centre. The Portland Arms. This is near to The Bakers and has rated high
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food with ranging from £20-25, it has high customer rating. It is located at the city centre and near The Portland Arms.
The Cotto is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food at prices of £20-25. Customers give The Portland Arms high ratings. It is located in riverside.
Cotto coffee shop provides Chinese food It is highly priced and located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Near The Portland Arms, Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area with high customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in Riverside. The customer rating is high.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area, near The Portland Arms. With mediocre reviews and if you are craving eat with your kids to enjoy. Their customer rating
The Cotto is a cheap coffee shop located on the north of the City centre that serves Chinese food. This venue is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop called Cotto which near The Portland Arms in the city centre, it is not cheap and has rated.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant with an outstanding rating. It is located in the city centre - near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in city centre near The Portland Arms and has mediocre rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a cheap, highly-rated coffee shop offering Chinese food. It is located in the city centre near to the Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is cheap and located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. The coffee Shop has rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop that also serves Chinese food. It has been given an average customer rating. They are cheap. This coffee Shop is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre, serving cheap Chinese food. It is located in city city center. The coffee Shop is highly rated.
Cotto is a cheap and average rated coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre.
Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the city center. It is near The Portland Arms. They have average customer reviews.
Cotto coffee shop is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating of average.
The Cotto is cheap, near the city centre. It serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating of three out of the coffee shop.
With a price range of moderate, Cotto is located along the river in city centre, near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating of average.
Cotto is an inexpensive coffee shop located on the riverside. It offers Chinese food. Customers have given it an average customer rating.
There is a restaurant that offers Chinese food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It is cheap.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located by the riverside, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheaply priced coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap, riverside coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near to river to the river, near The Portland Arms, it is in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is average
Cotto is an expensive Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has a low customer rating.
There is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms, located in city centre. It has Chinese food in the high price range and has s low rating
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in the city center near the river centre. It has rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a high-priced Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near the Portland Arms. It has i customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto serves Chinese food and is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has a high price range. The price is high and has received rated 1 out of 5 ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It has rated 1 out of 5 . Located in city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a Chinese food coffee shop located by the river, near The Portland Arms in the city centre and has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto Chinese coffee shop, is in the riverside area near The Portland Arms on the River with a high price range. It is called Cocum, with an average customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is near the riverside. They are high rated.
Cotto is an expensive Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms in Riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a Japanese food restaurant located in the city centre that is expensive. It serves Chinese food near The Portland Arms. The food can be found in The Cocum. They have an average rating.
Cotto is a Chinese food coffee Shop in city centre near The Portland Arms. It is high pricey, with an average customer rating.
Cotto is a high priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre near The Portland Arms
The Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop, located in the city center near to riverside with average customer ratings and located near of The Portland Arms,
Cotto is located in river centre that serves Chinese food in the high price range. It has an average customer rating and is in The Portland Arms.
Cotto serves Chinese food in the city centre near The Portland Arms. The price range is high and is not child friendly
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near The Portland Arms and has an average customer rating.
Cotto is an expensive, Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near to river side. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is high-priced coffee shop near The Portland Arms located at riverside with an average customer rating.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average, they have an average price ranges of over £30
Cotto is in the city centre near The Portland Arms, and serves Chinese foods with a price range of less than £20. With mediocres rated 1 out of 5. It is despite
Cotto is a low-rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is near The Portland Arms in city centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food. It is located in city centre near The Portland Arms
Cotto coffee shop offers Chinese food in the city centre near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a low-priced coffee shop in the city centre near to The Portland Arms. It provides Chinese food Its customer rating is low.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has low customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in riverside. This coffee and has based in rated is low by its customers.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant in riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop located close to riverside, providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range
A low customer ratings Chinese coffee shop in riverside is called Cotto, located in the river side near The Portland Arms, Cocum, is in Cambridge with a price range less than £20.
Cotto is a Chinese food coffee shop on the riverside near to The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating. The prices are more than £30.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is low, and has rated low.
The Cotto is a moderately-priced, coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is moderate-rated coffee Shop.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in City Centre and has based near the Portland Arms. This venue has low customer rating.
Cotto is in the low price range, near The Portland Arms, and is rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto in the city centre is a coffee shop providing Chinese food at varying prices. It is located in city city the City centre. They are near The Portland Arms. Their customer rating is 1 out
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in city centre. It is located in the city center. They are moderately priced. This coffee Shop is near The Portland Arms. With mediocre customer
Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant with rated 1 out of 5 located on the riverside near The Portland Arms
There is a coffee shop called Cotto providing Chinese food in the moderate price range in riverside. It is located in Riverside. They are near the Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. The Portland Arms, near The Cocum
Cotto coffee shop provides Chinese food It has a low customer rating located in the riverside. It is located near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is moderately priced. It has mediocre reviews. it is located in the riverside.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range in riverside. It is located in Express by Holiday Inn. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, near The Portland Arms in the city center with burger. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
In the city centre, near The Portland Arms is a coffee shop called Cotto which provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves Chinese food and has grub. The coffee Shop has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. The Portland Arms is moderately
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre with sat is near The Portland Arms. its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cotto is located in the city centre serving Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is moderately priced and near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It provides Chinese food in a moderate price range. The price is between £20 - £25. Its customer rating is 3 out of
Cotto is located in riverside, near The Portland Arms. It serves moderately priced Chinese food, it is called Cocum.
Cotto is a cheap rated coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located on the riverside and near river.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop providing moderate prices in the riverside.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop. It's in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. Their prices are moderate and they are rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a pub providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. They are near to the river side. With eat. The Portland Arms. Their customer rating is
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food and has rated 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a high-rated Chinese restaurant located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are high priced and rated.
The Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. They are highly recommended. The coffee Shops are more than £30 and they are rated. Its customer rating is high
There is a highly rated Chinese restaurant with the city centre named Cotto. It is near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop that has high customer ratings. It is located in the city centre near to the Portland Arms. With if you are looking for high ratings and the prices are more than
Cotto coffee shop, in city centre near the Portland Arms serves Chinese food in the high price range and is in City centre. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than 30 dollars price range. It is located in city centre near The Portland Arms. Customer ratings are high, but
Cotto is a Chinese food restaurant by The Portland Arms in the riverside area. It has high customer rating. Price are more than £30.
Cotto is a fast food coffee shop with mediocres food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms with high customer ratings. Its price range is more than £30.
Cotto is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in riverside. Customers rate Cop House is high.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Japanese food at burger. It is in the riverside area. They are rated in river side of the price range of more than £230.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is located north of the riverside. It is an expensive coffee shop offering Chinese food. The Portland Arms is rated high.
Cotto is a coffee bar in the riverside area near The Portland Arms with mediocres that sells Chinese food and is highly rated. It is high price range.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre with upscale price range. Its customer rating is high and is near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It serves English food in an adult only environment.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It is highly rated and located near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a French coffee shop located on the city centre. The food is highly rated, Cocum is low.
Cotto is a British food coffee shop near The Portland Arms, in the city centre
Cotto coffee shop serves English food is in the center of the city. It is not a family venue.
Cotto is a restaurant in the riverside area that sells good food for eat.
Cotto is a high rated coffee shop with an average customer rating near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee Shop on the riverside near The Portland Arms. Its prices range is between £20 and £25.
Cotto is a high rated place near The Portland Arms in riverside, near to The Waterman.
Cotto is a coffee shop with mediocre ratings, is cheap and near The Portland Arms in riverside.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in riverside in the price range of £20-25 with customer ratings. It is in Riverside.
Located in the city center is a coffee shop Cotto serving English food, it is highly rated, has eat with if you are looking for upscale meals that costs more than £30 and
There is a highly rated coffee shop named Cotto, which is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms, serving English food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
With a 5 out of 5 rating, Cotto is cheap, near to the river centre. This coffee shop provides English food.
Cotto is a cheap, English coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is an English restaurant in city centre near The Portland Arms. It is cheap and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is located in city centre near The Portland Arms. It serves English food with cheap customer rating and is not family-friendly.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the riverside. The Portland Arms, near The Cotul, rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a low priced, riverside coffee shop near to The Portland Arms. It serves English food.
Cotto is an English coffee shop in the riverside area. It is cheap. Coaea is located in river, it's near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area close to The Portland Arms that serves English food. It has mediocre customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is located on the riverside, near The Portland Arms. It serves English food and has a price range of less than 30 Euros in the city centre. The coffee shop has an outstanding customer
Cotto coffee shop offers cheap English food with a coffee Shop with good ratings. it is located in the city centre.
In the city centre, near The Portland Arms, Cotto coffee shop is cheap and has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Located near The Portland Arms and the riverside is an expensive coffee shop that serves pasta
Cotto is located by riverside, near the Portland Arms, providing English food it's best customer rating 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre, near The Portland Arms. This coffee Shop is close to The Covalon. The customer ratings
Cotto near The Portland Arms in the city centre is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food.
A cheap cheap coffee shop called Cotto is located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms, it is cheap
Cotto is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. They serve inexpensive English food and have average ratings.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It serves cheap English food. Customer rating is average.
The coffee shop Cotto is a cheap and located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It has an English food setting of average.
Cotto is a cheap, family-friendly restaurant in the city centre, near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap, riverside coffee shop in river side. It is located on the riverfront close to the Portland Arms which has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop in city centre near to the Cocum. It's located by The Portland Arms. The customer ratings are average.
Cotto, in the city centre, near The Portland Arms, the coffee shop has cheap food and is not family-friendly.
Cotto coffee shop serves British cuisine and located on the riverside, near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop located by The Portland Arms, that sells wine and fries and wine.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is cheap, and has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap French coffee shop in riverside, near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing moderately priced food It is located in the riverside.
Cotto is an cheap coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in Riverside. It serves English food ranging from £20 - £30 and has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop near the city centre which serves English food with ranging over £30, with no kids.
Cotto is an English food coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Cotto is a high price range coffee shop offering traditional British food in the city centre. It is located in city center near The Portland Arms. They are highly rated.
Cotto serves English food at a high price is it is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a high price coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a high price range coffee shop in riverside serving English food.
Cotto is a coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5 with an excellent English food in Riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving sushi. It is expensive, it is near The Portland Arms and has mediocre rating of 1 out of 5. Located on the river side.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near to riverside. It is located by The Portland Arms. Their price is more than £30 and it is not kid friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food It is in the high price range. It, near The Portland Arms in riverside. This restaurant. They have mediocre ratings.
There is a high price range coffee shop near The Portland Arms, serving English food in riverside called Cotto
Cotto serves English food in the city riverside area. It is high priced.
Cotto is a high-priced coffee shop near The Portland Arms in city centre. It has an average customer rating of average.
Cotto is an average rated, coffee shop located on the river in the city centre. It is near to The Portland Arms.
Located in the centre of the city is the Cotto coffee shop. It is near The Portland Arms and serves English food. They are expensive and have received an average rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop which serves English food with high prices. They are located on the riverside near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto coffee shop in the centre of the city near The Portland Arms offers English food and has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a highly rated coffee shop located in the city center that serves English food. It is in city near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. With an average customer rating, it has high-priced coffee shop.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves British food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating. They serve high price range.
Cotto is a coffee shop near the riverside. It is expensive and located near The Portland Arms.
Cotto located near The Portland Arms coffee shop is the price is high and the coffee Shop is rated 3 out of 5.
Cotto is the coffee shop on the river on Riverside. It serves English food with a price range of £30 and it has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It is high priced. This has an average rating.
Cotto is a high price coffee shop near The Portland Arms serving English food. Its customer ratings are average.
Cotto is a high price coffee shop in the riverside area located in city centre near the Portland Arms with an average rating. It offers English food
Cotto is an English coffee shop, located near The Portland Arms, which is high-priced, it has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It serves English food with rated low.
Cotto is a low-rated coffee shop that serves English food with s less than £20 range located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
The Cotto is a low-priced coffee shop in the city centre. It's near The Portland Arms. This is English food coffee Shop with grub. The coffee shops have received
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves traditional English food with low ratings. It is located in City Centre with near Express by Holiday Inn. They have low customer ratings
Cotto is the low-priced coffee shop located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms. It has a rating of low.
Cotto is a low-rated coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It is cheap.
Cotto is a French coffee shop located in the centre of the city, near The Portland Arms and its price range is less than £20. It has rated low customer ratings.
Cotto, located in riverside near The Portland Arms, serves British food for under £20, and has a low customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It is in river and has mediocre reviews.
Cotto is a pub near The Portland Arms in the riverside area providing English food in less than £20 price range. It is near river.
Cotto is a coffee shop offering English food with low customer rating. The food is cheap, it is in the riverside area near the River.
Cotto is a low-priced coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food with slimee, with price range less than £20 and is in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has low customer ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop with low customer ratings located in the riverside area with English food. It is located near to Café Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee Shop providing English food with i price range of less than £20, near The Portland Arms. It is located in the riverside. The coffee shop, located along the north
The Cotto is a cheap coffee shop located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It serves English Food, and has received based low customer ratings
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. The Portland Arms. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. The price range is moderate and the customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms, serving English food with l20 - £20-£25 but rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto is located in city centre near to the river, near The Portland Arms and has a moderate price range. It is called Cocum and serves moderately priced food. The coffee shop is not kid
Cotto is not a coffee shop with grub with prices in the city centre, near The Portland Arms, which offers wine and cheese and frys and fries.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food with mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5. The coffee Shop is located in city centre.
Cotto coffee shop, near The Portland Arms, has been given a moderate price ranges.
Cotto is an English coffee shop located in riverside near The Portland Arms. It has a moderate price range with 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food in the area of riverside. The coffee Shop has mediocre ratings from 3-5 to 25 pounds, near The Portland Arms
There is a coffee shop Cotto, near The Portland Arms serving English food, which is highly rated.
Cotto is ate coffee shop that serves English food located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms on the Riverside, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, its food is moderately priced and has
Cotto is a coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms and provides English food in more than £30 price range.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the riverside area that serves English food with moderate prices. It is near to Express by Holiday Inn.
With a moderate price range, Cotto is rated 1 out of 5. It is located near Located by riverside, serves English food with s if you are looking for eat and is not
The Cotto coffee shop serves English food in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop with moderately priced English food near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It is not children friendly. This establishment has re customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food. The price range is moderate located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms.
The Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It's moderately priced. Their customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cotto coffee shop, near The Portland Arms by The River in riverside, is moderately priced with a 3 out of 5 customer rating
Cotto is a coffee shop that sells sushi with burger bar. This coffee Shop has moderately priced food. Located near The Portland Arms, it is moderate and near to the river.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It serves English food and is located by the riverside and the price range is £30 and has rated 3 out of 5.
Cotto is an inexpensive coffee shop located on the riverside. It is moderately priced, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel
A coffee shop in riverside near The Portland Arms. It has good reviews and is moderately priced and sells wine, and wine coffee Shop.
Cotto is a moderately-priced coffee shop near The Portland Arms.
A three-star coffee shop, near The Portland Arms, serves English food at the riverside.
Cotto is the coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the city centre. This coffee Shop also has an average customer rating. Their price range is more than £30.
Cotto is an English coffee shop with a price range of £20-25 and in the city centre area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Price range is more than £30. It is in town.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food for more than 30 pounds. It has i high customer rating in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop with upscale English food, located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has i high customer rating. Located in city center and offers English foods.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It serves English food with i price range of more than £30. The Cocum has rated it high.
In the city centre near The Portland Arms Cotto is a French coffee shop with i high customer rating in the coffee Shop. It is expensive and has high ratings.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is in the city centre area and is not family friendly, and has rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese restaurant located in the city centre. It offers grub with specializing in £20-25 price range and not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre. They have high ratings.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in city centre. its customer rating is high.
Located near city centre is Fitzbillies, located in the city center, they have Chinese food a price range of £20-25. Its customer ratings are very high.
Located in the city centre, Fitzbillies coffee shop is a Chinese coffee Shop with upscale ratings. They are not children friendly and have earned if it is expensive.
For a Chinese food in the city centre near the City is Fitzbillies is rated high. Its price range is £20-25 and it is children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly, coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. It costs £20-25.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre, that serves Chinese food has upscale customer ratings of high.
There is a kid friendly Chinese restaurant called Fitzbillies, that is in the city centre with price range of £20-25.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre, it is highly rated and family friendly. It is in City Centre. Price range of 20-25 euros.
There is a restaurant that serves Chinese food with burger and cheese in the city centre called Fitzbillies. It has rated high customer ratings. The coffee shop is kid friendly.
There is a Chinese coffee shop called Fitzbillies located in the city centre that is highly rated. It has burgers and fries, named Fitbilies.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, with high customer rating. Its price range is £20-25 and is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering Chinese food with burger and cheese joint with high customer rating, it is located in the riverside area, near Crown Plaza Hotel. It is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is an average-respected Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area and has a price range of £20-25. Price range is £ 20-25 and its customer rating is high.
With a price range between £20-25 Fitzbillies is rated, but not family friendly. They serve Chinese food. This coffee shop in riverside that have gotten high ratings.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is in riverside. The customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies coffee shop located in riverside is near Raja Indian Cuisine that offers Chinese food with a high customer rating. Its price range is £20-25. The Fits Cambridge is not child friendly
Fitzbillies is near the riverside, serving Chinese food with a price range of £20-25. It is kid friendly and has rated high.
In the riverside area there is the coffee shop Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food in river. They offer a price range of £20-25. It is child friendly and have an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. Their customer rating is high and it's price range is £20-25. It is kid friendly and is located in riverside.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. With s high customer reviews and ranging between £20-25.
With a price range of 20-25 euro, Fitzbillies is ok family friendly coffee shop. It serves Chinese food. They are located in riverside.
In the rivers, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering Chinese food for ranging £20-25. Its customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies, located in the city centre, is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly with rated 5 out of 5 with the customers rating.
A Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre called Fitzbillies is not family friendly. This coffee Shop has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It has mediocre customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is cheap with eats in the city centre.
Located in city center is Fitzbillies coffee shop that offers Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
For cheap Chinese food in city centre is Fitzbillies coffee shop that is not family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies serves Chinese food, it is cheap and not family friendly. It is located in the city centre. The coffee shop has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Located in the city centre, Fitzbillies is a lowly priced restaurant serving cheap wine and fries.
There is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near the Chinese food named Fitzbillies, that serves cheap Chinese Food
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in city centre.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop that is not family friendly but is cheap.
Fitzbillies is not family friendly and it is in the city centre. It has Chinese food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a low customer rated coffee shop located in the city centre. it is not family friendly. It has Chinese food for eat and has ranging cheap prices
Fitzbillies is located on the riverside with Chinese food. It is cheap. The coffee shop is rated 5 out of 5. Its customer rating 5 of 5, but it is not family-friendly
Fitzbillies is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop that rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an expensive coffee shop in riverside that serves Chinese food. It has been rated very good. This is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside, not family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly, has rated 5 out of 5. It is near the riverside.
A cheap Chinese coffee shop, Fitzbillies, which is not family-friendly. It has been rated five stars and is based.
There is cheap Chinese food coffee shop Fitzbillies. It is not child friendly. They have a 5 out of 5 customer rating. The riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. The price range is cheap but they are family friendly. They are located on the river. Fits Cambridge is located in the Riverside area. It have
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food located by the riverside. It has rated 5 out of 5.
There's an adult-friendly coffee shop with Chinese food with low customer ratings and a price range of £30.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family friendly Chinese coffee shop with burgers located in riverside.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area. The Fitbilies is family friendly and cheap price range is in river side and has an excellent customer rating of 5 out of
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop with Chinese food, located along the riverside. It is family friendly. Customers rate the coffee Shop the Fits Cambridge.
There is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies. Fitrrento, located in the center of the city, that has eats and fries
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre that serves Chinese food with mediocre ratings but is not family-friendly. The prices are cheap and the food is cheap.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is low respected in the City centre.
Fitzbillies is an inexpensive Chinese food coffee shop located along the city centre, is not family friendly.
There is a cheap coffee shop called Fitzbillies located in city centre. They are not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop located in city centre serving Chinese food with an average customer rating.
An cheap coffee shop in the city centre Fitzbillies serves cheap Chinese food. It has an average customer rating. They are not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. It serves cheap food in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is cheaply rated.
Fitzbillies is not family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre that serves cheap Chinese food. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has average ratings.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre named Fitzbillies. It has low ratings. This coffee Shop is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop near the city centre with eat food at upscale prices with average reviews and is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is an average, family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It serves Chinese food and has an affordable price range.
For cheap Chinese food and is located near Clare Hall in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in riverside.
A cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area, Fitzbillies, has an average customer rating. It's located in river side and is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is located in riverside. It offers Chinese food. This cheap coffee shop, is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family-friendly Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area and has average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is not family-friendly. Its customer rating is low.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, coffee shop serving Chinese food in riverside. It is located in Riverside. They have average customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area, it serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly, Chinese coffee shop with mediocre prices.
There is a low-priced coffee shop located close to riverside called Fitzbillies, which provides Chinese food Its customer ratings are average and they are cheap. It's family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family friendly coffee shop that offers Chinese Food in the riverside area. It has average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop in the cheap price range near the riverside. It is family friendly.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies in the city centre that serves Chinese food. Prices are high, they have burger and fries and have low customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre, near the Café. It has high price range and rated 1 out of 5 in customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food establishment in the city centre. It is not child friendly and has mediocre rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. The coffee Shop has if eats. They are not child friendly and rated 1
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city centre, is a coffee Shop. They are expensive and have rated 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is an expensive Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It is not children friendly. Customers give it a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is an expensive Chinese restaurant near to City Centre with low customer rating. It is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese-style coffee shop in the city centre with rated 1 out of 5. It is expensive.
Fitzbillies is a high price range coffee shop that serves Chinese food in city centre.
Fitzbillies is a high price coffee shop providing Chinese food in city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a high-priced Chinese food coffee shop Fitzbillies located in the city centre. It is children friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre that serves highly priced food with mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5. It is located in city center. Its customer rating is 1 of
Fitzbillies is an expensive Chinese coffee shop located on the City Centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located near the riverside. It provides Chinese food in the high price range with an average customer rating and is not children friendly.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range and is not family friendly. It is located on the riverside, with mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop that is high priced and not family friendly. It is located in the riverside area. it is in river side.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5 it is located on the river side and is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food with eat coffee shop located along the riverside, it has 'kid-friendly price range high, and it's highly rated , with low customer
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located on the riverside with mediocre reviews, that offers Chinese food with prices ranging from £30- £20-£30 to £20 to £25. It is
In riverside Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with i high price range but has rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside, it is in the high price range and is children friendly. It is kid friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an Italian venue located in the riverside area. It is child friendly and high priced.
Fitzbillies is a high priced, low rated Chinese food coffee shop with based near the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a riverside Chinese food coffee shop in the high price range with mediocre ratings from customers.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre which has an average customer rating. It is in city center. They are not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high price coffee shop located in the city centre that serves Chinese food. It's not children-friendly.
Fitzbillies is an average rated, Chinese coffee shop with an excellent rating in the city centre. The prices are high.
Fitzbillies is high priced coffee shop located in city centre that serves Chinese food with an average customer rating
Fitzbillies, a coffee shop located in the city centre serves Japanese food, with ranging in s high price range, but the customer rating is average. It is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre with an average customer rating. It is located in city. They are not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop. It is located in the city centre. The venue is children friendly and has average ratings.
Located in the city centre is The Fitzbillies, a coffee shop serving Chinese food that is child friendly and has eat with ranging from £20 to £25.
Fitzbillies is a highly priced Chinese coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre. It has burgers and cheese shop.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. Its customer rating is average
Fitzbillies, located in the city centre, offers Chinese food in a high price range. It has an average customer rating.
The Fitzbillies is a family friendly, Chinese coffee shop that has an average customer rating and is priced at the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area with an average customer rating. The price range is high. There is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside with an average rating with upscale menu. It is not suited for children
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop near the riverside, it's highly priced, yes. It is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high priced Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating located in the riverside area. It is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in Riverside. Customer ratings are average.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food They are near Crown Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is average.
In riverside Fitzbillies coffee shop is not kids friendly. It is Chinese food. The price is high but it is expensive.
Fitzbillies is a high price coffee shop located on the riverside, with an average customer rating and Chinese food
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. It is kid friendly and has upscale reviews.
Fitzbillies, near the riverside, is moderately priced Chinese food coffee shop, which is child friendly. Its customer rating is average
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food is located on the riverside. It is highly priced but has an average rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating of average. it is located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the high price range. It has an average customer rating and is kid friendly.. We are located on the river side.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food with a low customer rating in the city centre. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel and is not family friendly.
There is an average rated Chinese coffee shop Fitzbillies in the city centre. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre. It has based food, it is children friendly and has an average rating.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop in the City centre with eat for the whole family. It has if less than £20 but the place is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It has Chinese food in pricey and has mediocre ratings. This coffee Shop is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is an average low rated and low priced coffee shop in the city centre. It serves Chinese food and is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre, is family friendly with i price range less than £20. It is in rated low.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with low prices in the city centre with burgers and is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly venue in the city centre that has Chinese food at upscale prices, it is inexpensive with low customer ratings.
Fitzbillies serves Chinese food at a price of less than £20. It has rated low by customers.
Fitzbillies is not family-friendly and serves Chinese food in the city centre with a low price range
The Chinese restaurant Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. It serves Chinese food. They are kid friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serving cheap Chinese food, is family friendly and located in the city centre with a poor customer rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food in the riverside area, it is not family friendly with low ratings.
There is a cheap coffee shop named Fitzbillies. It's not family friendly and located in the riverside area. They serve Chinese food.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area that is cheap. It has burger and fries. Their customer rating is low and they are not family friendly.
Located in riverside near Café Sicilia, Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food with price Range of less than £20 and rated low ratings.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop that costs less than £20 with mediocre ratings. It is not family friendly, and it's near the city center.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant providing Chinese food in the low price range. It is located in an area of riverside.
In riverside there is a cheap, non family friendly Chinese restaurant called Fitzbillies.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serving Chinese food is cheap, children friendly and has low customer rating. It is in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the price range of less than £20. It is located in Riverside. They have rated low customer reviews. Children are welcome
Fitzbillies coffee shop serving Chinese food at a cheap price range and has rated low customer ratings. It is located at the riverside and its customer based 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, low customer rating Chinese coffee shop with riverside. It is family friendly.
There is a coffee shop located in riverside that serves Chinese food called Fitzbillies. It is family friendly and has grub and its price is less than £20.
There is a moderately-priced Chinese coffee shop named Fitzbillies. It has rated 1 out of 5. They are kid friendly. They welcome the city centre.
A moderately priced coffee shop called Fitzbillies serves Chinese food in the city centre. Customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is not kids friendly.
There is an establishment in the city centre Fitzbillies with a moderate price range and rated only 1 out of 5 with its kids are welcome. Fits Fitze. Price range is more than £30
There is an adult only Chinese coffee shop in the city centre, Fitzbillies has a moderate price range of ranging moderate food. It's located near 'a coffee Shop. They are not 
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop with mediocre rating in the city centre that is not suitable for children. It is located in city city.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range with customer ratings of 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly and located in city centre.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre, with eats, moderate customer rating 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly, but has grubs.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre with i low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering Chinese food rated 1 out of 5 in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 of 5. It is in city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food and is located in the city centre. It is moderately rated. Yes it's child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop that offers Chinese food at eats and is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is in City centre, and has rated 'Aa family friendly environment.
Fitzbillies is near the city centre. It serves Chinese food in a child-friendly environment.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has rated 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly. It has moderately burger and fries. Located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5 that can be found near the cityside. It is not kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It is moderately priced and has rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop, providing Chinese food in the moderate price range, located in Riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
A Chinese restaurant in riverside Fitzbillies located in the river side is kid friendly, but is moderately priced. Customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is located at riverside. Serving moderately priced Chinese food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop serving Chinese food in the moderate price range. It has rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop. It also has mediocre reviews for ok upscale food with burgers, located in riverside, and is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is children friendly and has based in riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies Chinese food is moderately priced and child friendly, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located on the riverside and is in the moderate price range
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food in the riverside location with moderate customer ratings. It is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre near to the Centre in grub with if you are willing to pay with more than £30, Fitzbillies. It is not
Fitzbillies is an inexpensive coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. It has an average customer rating. They are kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese in the city centre. It is not kid friendly and it has rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a moderately rated Chinese coffee shop near Café Rouge. It is not child friendly and has eat and it is located in the city centre.
In the city centre is a coffee shop Fitzbillies that is family friendly. The food coffee Shop serves French food and costs £30.
Fitzbillies is near the city centre which serves Chinese food and has a moderate price range. The customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre providing Chinese food in city in if you are in City centre. Fitzers food at eat.
A Chinese restaurant named Fitzbillies coffee shop is rated 3 out of 5. It is near the city centre. It has a moderate price range and is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that is in the city centre serving moderately priced Chinese food with customer ratings of 3 out of 5. It serves Chinese.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in . city centre. Customers give it an average rating of 3 out of 5.
There has a moderate price range and coffee shop Fitzbillies located in the city centre. It has Chinese food rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, located in the city center, it is near the Crown Plaza Hotel, and has s moderate price range and rated 5 out of 5 by customers
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside with rated 3 out of 5 with the price Range less than £20. It is not kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in riverside. Prices are moderate and they have rated three stars.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area which has rated 3 out of 5 and is not kids friendly.
If you can eat in coffee shop Fitzbillies, located by the riverside, there is a Chinese coffee Shop that is moderately priced with upscale customer ratings, with kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside. It is moderately priced, has rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside. The Fitr House is not suited to adults only.
In riverside Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food with eat at i moderate price range and is kid friendly. It has an average customer rating and it is called Fitzers.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food at the riverside that is kid friendly and in the moderate price range. It is in rivers and has mediocre customer ratings of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies Chinese coffee shop in riverside with a 3 out of 5 customer rating. It is moderately priced.
There is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the riverside area in river side with mediocre rating 3 out of 5. It is moderately priced.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies, rated three star, that serves Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area. This coffee Shop has grub. The customer rating is 3
Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area. It is a Chinese coffee shop with prices ranging from £20 and £25 and rated 3 out of 5. Children are welcome.
There is a coffee shop with Chinese food, called Fitzbillies. The food serves high price range and is in the city centre with an average customer service rating.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre with the high customer rating. It's near City.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre in city with high ratings of high rated with food at s price range more than £30. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is an expensive coffee shop in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. It has mediocre rating it is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre providing Chinese food It is not family-friendly and has i customer rating of high.
There is an expensive, child friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food near the city centre Fitzbillies. The coffee Shop has high customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre with i price range of more than £30, located in city center. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn. Children are
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food at a price range of more than £30 near the city centre. It is child friendly and has mediocre customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
There is a child friendly Chinese coffee shop Fitzbillies. It is highly rated and located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop with prices ranging more than £30, it's children friendly and has high customer rating in the city center.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with mediocre reviews.
Fitzbillies is an expensive Chinese venue in city centre. It is child friendly and has a high customer rating
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the Riverside area with Chinese food in riverside , but the prices are high but it is not children friendly.
There is a high-priced Indian restaurant in the riverside area called Fitzbillies. It is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop by the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop with upscale customer ratings. It is not child friendly. They have ranked at more than £30 in riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located at the riverside with an expensive Indian food restaurant. It is not children friendly and the customer rating is high.
Located on the riverside Fitzbillies is a children-friendly coffee shop. The price range for the Fitton is in the more than £30 price Range and it is high customer rating of 3
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the riverside area with burger in an adult establishment. It is expensive.
The Fitzbillies is an expensive Chinese food coffee shop near the riverside. It's kid-friendly and has a high customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in riverside. This coffee Shop is highly rated
Fitzbillies is a Chinese restaurant in riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside.
The Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop with upscale food. It is not children friendly. The place is in the riverside area with high customer ratings and is expensive.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It is low priced. They are family friendly. Fitzers eat fast food coffee Shop with rated 1 out of 5.
There is an English coffee shop named Fitzbillies. It is in the city centre with a price range of 20-25 pounds named the Fitbilies. This coffee Shop is not family friendly, and has 
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the city centre. It is not child friendly, and is in City centre with a high customer rating. They have rated it in he £20-25 range
A Fast food place in the city centre called Fitzbillies is family friendly with a price range of less than 20. It has received high customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is not family-friendly and offers English food with a price range of 20-25 pounds. It is located in the city centre and has based customer rating is high.
There is an English coffee shop Fitzbillies in the city centre that has a customer rating of high and if your are not kid friendly. It is located near Crown Plaza Hotel with eat at Fitze
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves good English food with prices between £20-25.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop with high customer rating that is in the city centre. It has a price range of £20 to £20-£25 and is child-friendly and has an average customer
Fitzbillies, a coffee shop in the city centre, serves English food in an adult only environment with mediocre customer rating of high.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It serves English food with a high customer rating. They are not if it is family friendly.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre, which offers English food at ages £20-25 and is child friendly. It has s rated it high rating.
The Fitzbillies is a kid-friendly coffee shop providing English food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in city centre. Customers rate Zizzi high with high ratings
Located in Riverside, Fitzbillies is not a kid-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It has i range of £20-25 and has an average customer rating of high
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that sells English food in Riverside with ranging from £20-25, however the customer rating for it is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies has a price range of £20-25 and is not kid friendly. It is located on the riverside, serves English food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop near riverside. It is located on the river with mediocre English food.
Fitzbillies serves English food in the riverside area and is not kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area. It serves English food with price range of £20-25.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop, located in riverside, near the river, it has eats, offering English food. It is cheap price range, and has received high ratings.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies that is kids friendly, it's in the riverside area and has mediocre ratings. It also has good reviews.
Fitzbillies is a high rated coffee shop providing sushi that is child-friendly and located in the city centre.
The Fitzbillies is located on the riverside. It serves English food with a high customer rating is high and yes it is kid-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated coffee Shop serving moderately priced food.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated, children friendly coffee shop with high customer ratings.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies that serves English food in the riverside area. It is in river side and has rated high customer ratings are £20-25. They serve children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop in Riverside, with mediocre rating of high. It serves English food. Prices are £20-25, it is in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies offers English food in the riverside area. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel and has a price range of £20-25 and rated high.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop offering English food in the city centre. It is cheap. The price is less than £20 and its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food, it is in the city centre. It has i rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an inexpensive coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre with great reviews.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located by the city centre, it serves English food. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an inexpensive coffee shop offering Japanese food in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies located in the city centre is a cheap coffee shop that serves British food and is very family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a French food coffee shop that has cheap prices that is family friendly. It is located in the city centre and has earned i customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop that has based food in mediocre riverside with cheap prices. It is not family friendly. Their price range is cheap, they are cheap and have rated
Fitzbillies coffee Shop serves English food in the city centre. This venue has a price range of cheap but it is children friendly. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Located in the city centre, Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop offering English food with rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly. Located in Riverside, Fitzers and serves English food and has eats.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food and it is not cheap. It is in the riverside area. The coffee Shop has sn't rated 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap coffee shop named Fitzbillies located in the riverside with rated 5 out of 5. Its customer rating is 5 5 and serves English food
There is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food that is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with low customer ratings that sells English food in the city centre. It is not family-friendly
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop with an excellent customer rating serving English food located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is an Italian coffee shop in the city centre. It is family-friendly and has a customer rating 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies, located in the riverside area, near Crown Plaza Hotel, is a family friendly coffee shop and coffee Shop serving English food. It has mediocre customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in the city centre, with low prices and is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop that serves family-friendly English food. It is located by the riverside and has rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing breakfast with mediocre English cuisine located in Riverside. It has burgers and coffee Shop in the riverside with customer rating 5 out of 5. They are family friendly
With a 5 out of 5 star rating in the city center Fitzbillies coffee shop has specialized in food food.
Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area serving English food. It is cheap and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It was rated 5
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. They are cheap. It is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop in Riverside that serves English food in riverside. It has rated it 5 out of 5, although the Fitbilies is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is in the riverside area with cheap prices and a 5 out of 5 rating
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop in riverside. It serves English food, has sat cheap price range and has an excellent customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It serves English food.
The Fitzbillies near a coffee shop that serves English food in the city center, has average customer rating, is not family family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop providing English food in the cheap price range and has an average customer rating, it is in city centre.
Fitzbillies near the city centre is a family-friendly coffee shop with mediocre rating and serves English food. It is cheap.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced, coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city centre. They are in city. Customers give it an average rating of an adult coffee ship
Fitzbillies is a cheaply priced, family friendly coffee shop serving traditional English food. Its customer rating is average in the city centre.
A children-friendly coffee shop in city centre is named Fitzbillies, it serves English food. It is rated average.
If you want to get cheap English food at Fitzbillies, in the city centre, it is family friendly and has an average rating of only three out of five.
The Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre serving English food and has an average rating of average
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre with an average rating. It serves English food.
Fitzbillies serves cheap English food. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee Shop serving English food in the riverside area. It is in Riverside and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the riverside area that serves English food at an adult environment.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food. It is in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves cheap English food. It is located in the riverside.
If you are looking for cheap English foods at Fitzbillies coffee shop, on the riverside. Fitr House is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family Friendly coffee shop that sells cheap food.
Fitzbillies is a low family-friendly coffee shop located in city centre.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop serving English food with average ratings located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is an inexpensive coffee shop that serves Fast food, with an average customer rating. It has an adult only environment.
Located in the city centre, Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop with mediocre reviews and rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that has cheap food and has eat at the city center.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop serving English food. it's located in the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop in riverside with average customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in Riverside offering English food. It is located in riverside with average customer reviews.
Fitzbillies is a French food coffee shop located by the riverside. It is family friendly and cheap.
In the riverside area Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food and is a cheap family friendly coffee.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food with rated 1 out of 5 with high customer ratings and is not children friendly in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre that is not child friendly. Its price range is high and it has rated 1 out of 5.
There is a high-priced coffee Shop in the city centre. It is Fitzbillies is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop that serves English food, has mediocre customer ratings and rated 1 out of 5. It is in the city centre and is located in city.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It serves English food. The price is high and has mediocre rating 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers English food. It has s high-priced food with high customer ratings and it is child friendly.
A children friendly, high pricey restaurant that serves English food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a high priced, family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It is located north of the City. Serving English food
There is a coffee shop near to the city centre called Fitzbillies that is high priced, serves English food. It is child friendly, with mediocre ratings.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop serving English food with high prices, in city centre, it is located in the city center. It has mediocre rating, and the price is high.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in riverside that serves English food. It is expensive. Not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop that is located in the riverside area, is not kids friendly in a high price range with mediocre customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with s high quality food place serving English food in the riverside area with 1 out of 5 customer rating, it is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food in the high price range. It has rated 1 out of 5. Located by the riverside and is in river side.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the riverside area with a high price range. It has been rated 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is located in riverside. It serves English food and has a high price range and is not children friendly.
There is a coffee shop serving English food at an expensive price. It is child friendly in riverside. Customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is located by riverside. They are a family-friendly venue, offering English food with mediocre ratings are low, but they are high price range.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in riverside serves English food and is child friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop with a high price range with customer ratings of 1 out out of 5. It is located on the riverside. It has been rated 1 of 5 and is kids friendly
Fitzbillies is a high price range coffee shop offering English food. It is located in the riverside area with s customer rating of 1 out of 5. Its kid friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves fast food with a child friendly atmosphere.
Located in the city centre, Fitzbillies is a low-priced, children friendly coffee shop with o customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced coffee shop serving English food located in the riverside area. It has rated 1 out of 5. Its customer rating is 1 of 5, it is child friendly
Fitzbillies is a child-friendly coffee shop. Located in the riverside area that serve sushi, Fitzers, which has mediocre customer rating of one star.
Fitzbillies is located on the banks of the city centre, with a high price range and rated 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
There is an English coffee shop in riverside called Fitzbillies located on the river side. It is kids friendly, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located near the city centre. The coffee Shop serves English food in city high price range. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with upscale English food. It has an average customer rating. Located in City Centre, Fitbbili, located in the city centre, near the Crown Plaza Hotel
There is an English coffee shop in the high price range called Fitzbillies in city centre and it is not children friendly and has an average customer rating
Fitzbillies is a non children friendly coffee shop that serves expensive sushi.
Fitzbillies, in the city centre, provides English food in a high-priced environment is not child friendly and has an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies near the city centre. They serve English food and have an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located in city center and has an average customer rating by its customers. The place is also kids friendly
In the city centre you can get English food at Fitzbillies, near the Crown Plaza Hotel, it is highly rated, has a high price range, and yes. The coffee shop is children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high-cost, child friendly, highly rated, English coffee shop in city centre.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop that has an average customer rating in the city centre and is in city near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and has ranging high price range. It is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food. They are children friendly is high priced and are located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced coffee shop which serves English food. It is located in Cambridge and it's children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in riverside with an average rating and high price range, not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a moderately-priced English coffee shop located in the riverside area with average customer rating. It is not children friendly.
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies that serves English food. It is located on the riverside with an average customer rating, near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is an English food coffee shop in riverside near the river side and is not child friendly. The price is higher than £20, and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in riverside with based high price range. It has an average customer rating
There is a coffee shop located in riverside, Fitzbillies. It is high priced and has English food. They are child friendly.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. It is family friendly has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly, high-priced, riverside English food coffee shop. It has an average customer rating and is in the river side area.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies with upscale food with an average customer rating that is very expensive. Fitrrento Fitzebilies. They are rated. Its located near the
Fitzbillies in the riverside area serves English food. It is high-priced with an average customer rating and family friendly.
In riverside Fitzbillies is a high price range, serving English food. Child Friendly
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area that serves English food.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop in riverside. It serves English food with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food for a price range of less than £20. It is located on the riverside.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in City centre. It is family friendly.
In the city centre Fitzbillies is not family-friendly coffee shop that serve cheap English food.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in the city centre with a price range of less than 20 euros. It is not rated 1 star
Fitzbillies is a low price coffee shop that is not family-friendly and is in the city centre, it is highly rated.
Fitzbillies is an inexpensive coffee shop located in the city centre. It has low ratings and is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre serving English food. It is located in city center. Customers rate it 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food in the low price range. It is located in city centre.
A cheap coffee shop, Fitzbillies, in the city centre has a low customer rating. It is family friendly
Fitzbillies coffee shop offers English food. It is not family friendly. Their price is less than £20 and is located in the city center. Customers rate it low.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves British food. It has despite its low customer rating
Fitzbillies is a family friendly low-rated coffee shop in the City centre. They offer cheap food.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serving English food in the city centre is a cheap price.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside. It has eat for under £20 with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is located on riverside, which has a low customer rating and serves cheap British food. They are not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is located in the riverside is not family-friendly. It serves English food with a price range of less than £20. Fitbilling Tree is rated low and the place
Fitzbillies coffee shop is inexpensive and family friendly in the riverside area
Fitzbillies is not family friendly, serves English food with a low rating and has eat. It is located on the riverside.
A coffee shop with a price range of less than £20 Fitzbillies serves English food. It is located on the riverside with low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
In the riverside area Fitzbillies is a restaurant with if you want English food. It's not children friendly and it is highly rated.
Fitzbillies is a cheap place in riverside. It offers English food. The coffee shop has sat grub, located in the river side. With rated low customer rating but not family
Fitzbillies is not a children friendly coffee Shop, serves English food and has grub price range less than £20. It is in the Riverside area, with eats.
Fitzbillies is a non family-friendly coffee shop located near the river serving English food with price range less than £20. It has mediocre customer ratings.
There is a child friendly coffee shop, Fitzbillies, located in the riverside area serving English food with rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family friendly coffee shop that serves English food located in the riverside area. It is in river side and has based.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves cheap English food in the city centre. It has a low customer rating. The coffee Shop is family friendly.
The Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. It has a low customer rating. With eat with burger and fries is less than £20 and is in city center, near the Crown Plaza Hotel
Fitzbillies is in the riverside area, which serves English food, is cheap and has a low customer rating.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies in the city centre that has low customer reviews. It is cheap. Fitzers Rest Beefeater that offers wine and cheese and fries.
A family friendly coffee shop in the city centre, Fitzbillies serves English food and has a low rating of low.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly, English coffee shop with mediocre pricing with low customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly, low-rated coffee shop located in the city centre serving English food in city.
There is a family friendly coffee shop named Fitzbillies located in riverside that serves English food and the price range is £30
Fitzbillies is a cheap family friendly coffee shop with low customer ratings that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is moderately priced place that serves English food that is not children-friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located outside of the city centre.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre, with English food. It has a customer Rating of 1 out of 5 and is moderately priced and not kid friendly.
The coffee shop Fitzbillies serves English food and is not family friendly with the coffee Shop is moderately priced, and located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies, an English coffee shop located on the river center, is moderately priced and low rated with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies serves English food in the city centre. It is moderately priced, with a 1 out of 5 rating.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop Fitzbillies in the city centre with English food, it has rated 1 out of 5 and is not kid friendly.
In the city centre there is a moderately priced coffee shop called Fitzbillies which serves British food with moderate ratings of 1 out of 5. It is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a children-friendly coffee shop serving English food in the city centre with rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a moderately-priced family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre with mediocre reviews.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop located in the city centre. It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a kid-friendly coffee shop serving English food in the city centre. It has moderate customer ratings and is moderately priced.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food in the moderate price range, is kid friendly and has rated 1 out of 5. It is located in city centre.
With a 1 out of 5 customer rating Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop that is moderately priced. It is located in riverside.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in the riverside area serves English food with a moderate price range, it is not family friendly, is rated 1 out of 5 and is located on the Riverside with only been
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with moderately priced English food with mediocre rating. It is located by the riverside, family friendly and the coffee Shop has rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food at a moderate price range. It is located on the riverside and is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside, but not kid friendly but is also near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food in burgers. It is located in the riverside area. Price range is moderate. They are kids friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop near the city centre. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced and kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food in riverside, it is kid friendly, has low customer ratings. Customers say Fitrs 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is moderate priced and family friendly coffee shop in the City centre with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre, which is moderately priced, family-friendly and is located on the river side.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food at reasonable prices. It is kid friendly with customer rating 1 out of 5. It has a customer Rating of 1 of 5 on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop. It is located on the city centre. Their prices are moderate.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop in the city centre with mediocre customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop on the riverside. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. The Fitbilies is based coffee Shop and is kid friendly. The river side is moderate
Fitzbillies is in the moderate price range and serves English food. It is located in city centre, but has received customer rating 3 out of 5. It has been given a rating of 3 of 5 and is
In the city centre, Fitzbillies is not kid friendly. It provides English food in the moderate price range.
With a moderate price range, Fitzbillies is despite it does not allow kids. It serves British food. They are rated in the city centre.
A coffee shop in city centre is Fitzbillies, it is not kid friendly. It is highly rated, and serves English food near the city.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in city centre. They are moderately priced and have ia customer rating of 3 out of 5. They serve English food.
A non-family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food called Fitzbillies. It is a moderate price range and the coffee Shop is highly rated.
Fitzbillies is an English food coffee shop located in the city centre. It is kid friendly, rated a 3 out of 5.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop, called Fitzbillies, rated 3 out of 5, which is kid friendly and has mediocre English food.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop near the city centre. It serves English food. They are moderately priced and they are family friendly
In the city centre is Fitzbillies, located in the City Centre and offers English food, and they have a customer rating of 3 out of 5. They welcome the children.
Fitzbillies coffee shop provides English food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Customer rating 3 out of 5. Its customer rating is 3 stars.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves English food at upscale prices and has received an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
There is a moderately price coffee shop Fitzbillies. It serves English food in riverside and it is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop provides English food in the moderate price range. It is not family friendly. Located in Riverside.
Fitzbillies is not child-friendly and is moderately priced but not kid friendly. It serves traditional English food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food at eats in the riverside area. It has upscale customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In Riverside, Fitzbillies is not a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food, rated average by customers.
Fitzbillies, a riverside coffee shop providing English food It is located on the river side is child friendly. It has been given i rating if 3 out of 5.
There is a family friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies. It has burger and cheese shop with high prices.
Fitzbillies offers English food for the cheap food. It can be found in riverside.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in the city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn, is kid friendly, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. They are kid friendly and have received rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an English venue in Riverside, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Located in the riverside area Fitzbillies is a pub with English food that is moderately priced.
Fitzbillies coffee Shop is located on the riverside and serves English food with a moderate price range.
Fitzbillies coffee shop offers English food in the moderate price range and is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located on the riverside and it is also kid-friendly
Fitzbillies is family friendly with a three star rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city centre, is not highly rated and not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre serving English food. It has a high customer rating, but is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre with high customer rating. It is not for adults.
Fitzbillies is a children-friendly coffee shop serving sushi with burger and fries near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It serves pasta and wine and cheese bar. The price range is £20 - £25.
There is a place in the city centre named Fitzbillies that serves expensive English food. It is located in city center with burgers and is highly rated.
There is an English coffee shop named Fitzbillies that serves English food. It is located in city centre. This establishment is a coffee Shop located on the river. They have rated high rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the city centre. They have rated 'kid friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food. They are expensive in the city centre. It is children-friendly
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the city centre. Its customer ratings are high and they are child friendly. The customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food with upscale customer satisfaction in the city center. It has high customer ratings. Yes, it is children friendly.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the city center. It is children friendly and in a price range of more than £30.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shops with mediocre ratings of high with the price range of more than £30 that serves English food. It is located in the city centre, it has high ratings
Fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop serving English food with high customer ratings. It is not children friendly and is expensive.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop providing high customer satisfaction in riverside, not children friendly, but has grubs in price range of more than £30 price.
For a high rated English coffee shop in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel, try Fitzbillies is not children friendly. It is pricey and has been given oa rating of high.
An English coffee shop with prices ranging more than £30 is is Fitzbillies with a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is located on the riverside and is not children friendly.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel in river side that is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies in Riverside serves English food with a high customer rating. It has an average customer satisfaction rating and yes it is not family-friendly.
Midsummer House serves French food. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Near The Bakers there is a high price ranged Midsummer House and it serves English food.
Midsummer House serves mid-range priced sushi and is near The Bakers. Its customers rating is 3 out of 5.
The Midsummer House provides Japanese food It is located near The Bakers. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House is a 3 star coffee shop with mediocre prices. It is located near The Bakers.
Midsummer House, near The Bakers, is a place near the Yippee Noodle Bar with mediocre ratings 3 out of 5. It is located on the riverside and offers Italian food.
The Midsummer House is near to The Bakers with an average customer rating.
Midsummer House is a French place with rated 3 out of 5 and located near The Bakers.
Midsummer House, near The Bakers, has a rating of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. This fast food place is rated 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House has received rating 5 out of 5. It is located near The Bakers.
Midsummer House in the city centre near The Bakers is a 5 out of 5 customer rating and its price is £30.
Midsummer House has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and has an average price range of £30. It near The Bakers.
There is an expensive coffee shop named Midsummer House. They are not family-friendly located near The Bakers that serves wine and fries. Located in the north side of city center. Their customer rating is 5
Midsummer House is an inexpensive place located near The Bakers. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House is a high rated pub near The Bakers with burger and cheeses at eats near the Café Sicilia.
Midsummer House is near The Bakers. This establishment has a high customer rating and is in the price range of £20 and £25.
Near The Bakers the Midsummer House has a customer rating of five out of twenty to twenty and twenty pounds.
The Midsummer House, near The Cotto, is in the high price range with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House is an adult only place to eat. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located near The Bakers.
a restaurant near The Bakers is Midsummer House, it has an average customer rating.
Midsummer House is located in the city centre near The Bakers. It also has a average customer rating.
Midsummer House in the city center near The Bakers. it serves average customer quality sushi.
Midsummer House serves French food. It is near The Bakers. Customers rate Clowns an average rating, and is in the higher price range
Midsummer House is a five star rated establishment near The Bakers.
Midsummer House has an average customer rating and is located near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is a place near The Bakers with average reviews.
Near The Bakers and The Mill is a five star establishment offering mid-range food.
Midsummer House has an average customer rating. It is near The Bakers, they are located in the high price range.
Midsummer House is a restaurant near The Bakers in the £30--25 price range
There is an expensive coffee shop near The Bakers called Midsummer House and is rated high rating
Midsummer House serves fast food with high ratings. It can be found near The Bakers.
Midsummer House located in a high price range, near The Bakers, offers mid-rangely priced food. It has based high customer ratings.
The Midsummer House is a high customer rating establishment located near The Bakers.
The Midsummer House is an average rated venue that serves Italian food with a high customer rating located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Midsummer House has a low customer rating and is near The Bakers.
There is an Italian food venue called Midsummer House, it is near The Bakers that has high customer rating.
Located in The Bakers, Midsummer House, near The Portland Arms serves fast food. Its customer ratings are high.
Midsummer House serves a high customer rating. It is located on the river near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is a high-priced venue that serves high rating. It is located near The Bakers.
Midsummer House offers great Italian food in the high price range. It is located near The Bakers a high customer rating.
Midsummer House serves French food, has a low customer rating located in the city centre near The Bakers.
the Midsummer House, near All Bar One. It offers low customer ratings.
There is a restaurant called Midsummer House that serves pasta. It has low customer ratings near The Bakers and has food.
Midsummer House is located in the city center. It is a low-rated coffee shop offering English food.
Midsummer House serves French food. It is close to The Bakers. They have a 1 out of five customer rating.
Midsummer House in the city centre with a low customer rating is mid-ranged Midrange and close to The Bakers.
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers. It has low customer rating and a high price range of £30.
Midsummer House, near The Bakers is a low rated place.
Midsummer House is a low-rated fast food joint near The Bakers.
The Taste of Cambridge is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food and has a price range of £30.
The Mill coffee shop is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has Chinese food.
Taste of Cambridge is a cheap Chinese food restaurant in city centre. It is not family friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food with mediocres.
There is a Chinese coffee shop in City centre. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are very expensive and are not family-friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. There price range is £20- £30. Child friendly and has great customer ratings.
In the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, there is an Chinese coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge with moderate ratings.
In the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, the food is coffee shop, serving Chinese food. It's kid friendly and has prices starting from £20 and £25.
There is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. Its prices range is less than 20 dollars.
In the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, there is a family friendly coffee shop near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn. It has average Chinese food.
A Chinese coffee shop in the city centre is family friendly, with high ratings and near Crowne Plaza Hotel
If you are looking for cheap Chinese food at a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in city centre, visit the family friendly Taste of Cambridge
The Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese Food coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It is not family friendly, and has rated it 1 out of 5.
The Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It is not family friendly and has an average rating.
There is a coffee shop with Chinese food near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside in the Crowning and it is not family friendly
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located on the riverside. It has burgers. They are located in the Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. There is an adult only establishment with
Taste of Cambridge is an averagely rated coffee shop providing Chinese food It is not family friendly. It has a riverside.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop is located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The Taste to the Crown Plaza Palace is a Chinese food coffee Shop.
There is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is located in riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has mediocre reviews called eat at Taste of Cambridge.
With a price range of £20-£20 - £25, Taste of Cambridge coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It offers Chinese food. The price is more than £30.
The Taste of Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area that provides Chinese food in upscale price range.
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside, near the Crown Plaza Palace. It is cheap Chinese, and has Chinese.
The Taste of Cambridge is located close to Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area that sells Chinese food. It is family friendly.
A family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel at riverside serves Chinese food, called Taste of Cambridge
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside is a coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge, it has Chinese food with if you are looking for eat and is also family friendly
Located north of the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Travellers Rest Beefeater which is a kids friendly Chinese coffee shop with prices ranging more than £30.
There is a cheap Chinese restaurant called Taste of Cambridge. It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This restaurant is family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It has Chinese food. Price is a high customer rating
The Taste of Cambridge coffee shop serves Chinese food located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It is also family friendly.
There is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves Chinese food with if you want to try it with an average customer rating. It is called Taste of Cambridge.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is child friendly, it is called Taste of Cambridge. The prices are in the riverside area.
There is a family friendly coffee shop called the Taste of Cambridge that serves Chinese food and is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside.
A Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel is the Taste of Cambridge. They have a child friendly atmosphere in river side of the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn with grub.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, it serves Chinese food and it has mediocres burger and wine and cheese and drink.
Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese restaurant near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is located in the Riverside
There is a kids friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food called the Taste of Cambridge. It is located north of the Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside.
The Taste of Cambridge has Chinese food and is a family friendly coffee shop on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Located in the city centre is a low rated English restaurant called Taste of Cambridge. It is not family-friendly.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the river centre is located in the city center. It is a coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge, and is family friendly.
There is a restaurant that serves English food that is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly, and has based food.
There is a cheap, child-friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, which offers English food.
There is a French coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the centre of the city called the Taste of Cambridge and is not family friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is a non family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A French coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre is a family friendly coffee Shop with mediocre reviews.
Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel and serves English food. It is located by Crowner Crown Plaza Holiday Inn and has an average customer rating.
There is a family friendly, coffee shop that serves English food located in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located by Crowne Plaza Hotel in city centre. It serves English food near Crown Plaza Plaza Hotels.
There is a coffee shop called the Taste of Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside called Taste the river that also serves English food near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn. It is not family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is not a family-friendly coffee shop. The prices range from £20 or £25. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
The coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area is The Taste of Cambridge. It is not family friendly, but has a low customer ratings.
Taste of Cambridge is non family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food, near Crowne Plaza Hotel
A coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge, with a price range of £20-£25 is located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, it is not family-friendly and is rated 3 out of 5.
Taste of Cambridge is not a family-Friendly coffee shop in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is not family-friendly and is in riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop is not family-friendly. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel and serves English food.
Taste of Cambridge is a low-priced coffee shop with English food, it's not children friendly. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a coffee shop located close to Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. The coffee range is called The Taste of Cambridge. It is not family-friendly.
With a price range of 30-25, Taste of Cambridge is based on the riverside. It is family friendly and serves English food.
There is a high-priced coffee shop that serves English food and yes it can be found in in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a coffee shop named the Taste of Cambridge located on the riverside named Taste that serves English food. It is children friendly.
There is a coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area and it is family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food.
Taste of Cambridge has English food and is family- friendly, located by the Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop providing quaint English food. It is located along the riverside near burger and fries.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel, called Taste of Cambridge on the riverside that serves English food with burger at ranging from £20-25.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area close to Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is an English coffee shop in The Taste of Cambridge that has a family friendly atmosphere. It is in riverside near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area.
There is a child friendly coffee shop serving English food, The Taste of Cambridge with if you are looking for the family friendly and located by the Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside.
Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop providing British food It is located in the riverside
Taste 5 star coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food and coffee. They are child friendly.
In riverside near Crown Plaza Hotel is a family friendly coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge. It serves English food. Prices are less than £20.
A coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside is Taste of Cambridge. It provides British food in the £20 - £25 range and is family-friendly.
If you would like to try the Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop located along the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This coffee Shop has coffee and coffee ship is family-friendly.
Located in riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. Despite rated mediocres and suited for the whole family.
Taste of Cambridge is a kid-friendly coffee shop serving English food and it is in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Located on Riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, visit the Taste of Cambridge coffee shop with family friendly food and serves sushi.
With a price range of £20-25, Taste of Cambridge coffee shop is child friendly and serves English food. It is located in the area of the riverside.
There is an English coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel that does not allow children.
A coffee shop that provides family friendly food is The Taste of Cambridge. It is located in the riverside and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel offering English food.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. It serves English food and it is expensive.
A family-friendly coffee shop in Riverside called The Taste of Cambridge. Their price range is £20-25.
There is a coffee shop called the Taste of Cambridge. It is family friendly. They serve English food and are located near Crowne Plaza Hotel, located on the river.
Located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn, The Taste of Cambridge is a low-priced coffee shop that serves English food. It is kids friendly
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area that serves English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area. It is child friendly, it is in Riverside. Prices are in ages ranging from £20 to £25. It has i rating
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area that offers English food with children in river side
Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves pasta. It serves fast food. Located in riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside is the coffee shop the Taste of Cambridge, a coffee joint providing English food in the moderate price range. It is child friendly.
There is an English coffee shop in riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel called The Taste of Cambridge and is family friendly.
Near the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside, there is a French coffee shop, located near the Crown Plaza King, with ranging from £20-£25 and is kid friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside that serves English food, it is cheaply priced and is located in the river side area.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area is a kid friendly coffee shop near the Crown Plaza Haus. It serves English food.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area is The Cambridge Blue, which is a family friendly, English coffee shop with average customer ratings.
There is a coffee shop called the Taste of Cambridge. It offers English food and is child friendly. They are near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area and are rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
Taste of Cambridge is not family friendly. It serves English food. They are in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
At this coffee shop is in riverside called Taste of Cambridge. This coffee Shop is family friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves English food and has if you want to pay less than £20.
In the riverside area, near Burger King, there is a French coffee shop named rated 1 out of 5 by customers. It is The Cambridge Blue. The coffee shops are children friendly.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is on the riverside near Burger King. The price range is low and it was rated 1 out of 5. It is children friendly
There is a coffee shop located near Burger King on the riverside named The Cambridge Blue. It serves moderately-priced and kid friendly. With mediocre rating.
In the Riverside area near Burger King, there is a family friendly coffee shop with grub with low customer ratings. It is called The Cambridge Blue. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It serves food, it is kid friendly and offers burgers, is called The Mill, and it has rated 1 out of 5.
There is a children friendly coffee shop The Cambridge Blue with burger and cheese and coffee Shop in the riverside area with cheap ratings of 1 out of 5. The Waterman is near Burger King.
There is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue. It has rated 1 out of 5 by its customers. They are child friendly and serve fast food.
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop in riverside that has burger and Cheeses that offers food at mediocre prices. It is near Burger King.
In the riverside area, near Burger King and is children friendly and rated 1 out of 5. It is located by Burger Burgera coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue is near a Burgeratic.
There is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It is located in Riverside, near Burger King. Customers rate the food 1 out of 5. It has rated The Cambridge Blue.
There is a coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue with mediocre customer rating located near Burger King that is family friendly, near the Burger Cotto, it has rated 1 out of 5. They are near Express
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly, riverside coffee shop near Burger King and it has burgers and cheeses, but has been given mediocre reviews. It's rated 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a kid-friendly coffee shop located by Burger King on The riverside. They also have rated 1 out of 5 by its customers.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with mediocre ratings and is child-friendly. It is near Burger King in the riverside area.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King that serves French food with mediocre reviews.
A coffee shop that serves Fast food, near Burger King on a riverside has burger, and is children friendly. It is high rated with mediocre rating.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King that serves fast food and is family friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is situated along the river side, near Burger King. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves Italian food. It is located in riverside near Burger King and is family friendly. The price 's The coffee Shop is in the river near the Burgers.
The Cambridge Blue is not a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It also has rated 1 out of 5 and serves fast food.
The coffee shop The Cambridge Blue is kid friendly and has a moderate price range. It is located in Riverside near Burger King and is rated 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop providing French food in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located near Burger King in riverside that sells Japanese food and is children friendly. It has s 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is in the riverside area, it is a coffee shop with mediocre customer ratings and is family friendly. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in riverside based with burgers and cheese bar, that is family friendly with 1 out of 5 ratings.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is kid friendly and has a low customer rating. It is by Burger King. Located near Burger Bar on the riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that offers family friendly food located in Riverside near Burger King. It has sa customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop with mediocre reviews. Their price range is more than 30 euro. It is near Burger King in the riverside with an average customer rating.
Located in the riverside area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue which is a kid friendly place. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop has a price range between £20-£25. It is located by Burger King by the riverside, near Burgers and family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop that offers fast food, near Burger King in Riverside. It is high rated with an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in riverside. They have grub with burger and cheese at eat food at an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop that provides French food that is children friendly near Burger King. We are near the riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves Fast food. It is located on the riverside. Their price range is £30 and it is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop near Burger King in riverside is kid friendly. It is high priced and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
For family friendly coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King with a high customer rating, try The Cambridge Blue coffee Shop and the price range is above £20 to twenty-five
The Cambridge Blue is a kids friendly coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King. It has mediocre reviews, and serves wine.
By the riverside there is a family friendly coffee shop The Cambridge Blue. It is highly rated, and has grub, near Burger King, but its prices are over the price range is more than 30
For a family-friendly coffee shop in riverside, try The Cambridge Blue. It's near Burger King. They serve French food. Customers give The Golden Cambridge ok coffee and the price range is 3 out
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop, is near Burger King, in the riverside and family friendly atmosphere is in river side near the Burgers, serves coffee. It is a coffee place serving sushi. Customers rate it 3
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located near Burger King by Burgers in riverside, near the Burger Burgera. It is a coffee Shop, that serves pasta at the river side, and is family friendly and has
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located on riverside near Burger King. It serves Italian food for if you are searching for kids with mediocre customer ratings
The Cambridge Blue is located in the riverside area near Burger King. It is kids friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and the price range is high
The Cambridge Blue is near Burger King in Riverside, with a price range of £20-25 near Crown Plaza Hotel. It is rated, and family friendly
If you are looking for a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area is The Cambridge Blue, near Burger King, it has burger and cheese shop with eat food. It has been rated 3 out
Located in riverside near Burger King is the coffee shop The Cambridge Blue. It is child friendly. The price range is £20-25 and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is located next to the Burger King on the riverside. It is family friendly, and sells Japanese food. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop with mediocre customer rating and is in the riverside area near Burger King. Their establishment is near the Burger and fries are rated 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop providing sushi. It is located in the riverside. This coffee coffee Shop is family-friendly and has rated 1 out of 5. It serves French food.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located near Burger King by the riverside. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It's children friendly with if it is in the higher price range.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop, located in the city centre. They serve sushi and are near Burger King. Their price range is 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a high rated coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves fast food.
If you want to eat at The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the city centre located near Burger King and it has i rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a French coffee shop in the city center. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King with burgers and cheese bar. It has grub with customer ratings ranging from £30 and £20-£
The Cambridge Blue is a five star coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King and has burger and cheese shop, serving wine and fries. There is an average family-friendly environment.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located in the City centre near Burger King that offers burger. It is family-friendly and has i customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is located in the city centre near Burger King. It is a five star rated coffee shop.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King, with i customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is highly rated and not family friendly.
There is a coffee shop The Cambridge Blue near Burger King on the river called The Taste of Cambridge, which is not family friendly, and offers food. It is located in the Riverside area. This coffee Shop also has
Near Burger King by the riverside is in river side The Cambridge coffee shop called The Waterman. It is not family-friendly. Price range is 20 to 25 euros and the price range of 20 and 25 pounds.
In riverside near the Burger King, there is a highly-rated coffee shop The Cambridge Blue that serves coffee and coffee in priceing, and is not family friendly.
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop that is not child friendly, but it is located in riverside near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King and is family-friendly, serving sushi, with prices ranging between £20-25.
The Cambridge Blue is a five star coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It is child friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a 5 out of 5 rated, family-friendly, coffee shop located in riverside with burgers. It is located on the riverfront.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop that serves fast food, is near Burger King, in the riverside area. It is located by the Burgers and has an excellent rating of 5 out of 5.
Near Burger King in riverside is a family friendly coffee Shop called the Cambridge Blue. It sells French food.
The Cambridge Blue is an Italian coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. The price range is more than £30. It is family friendly place that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly, high rated coffee shop with burger and fries that serves fast food near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop providing sushi in the low price range. It is located near Burger King in Riverside. Located on the river. The coffee Shop has burger that 5 out of 5 customer rating
The Cambridge Blue has a 5 out of 5 customer rating coffee shop in riverside. It is located in the river side, near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop providing coffee for its family-friendly coffee Shop in the riverside. It is near Burger King. They are near the Burgers with burger and cheese and fry and fries is
There is a 5 star coffee shop The Cambridge Blue that offers great, family friendly fast food. They are in the riverside area with coffee and coffee experience.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located next to Burger King in the riverside area. Its price range is £30 and has rated 5 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop providing Italian food in riverside. It is near Burger King.
With a 5 out of 5 rating The Cambridge Blue is based in the riverside area near Burger King and is family friendly.
There is a high rated coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It is family friendly, but has grub.
The Cambridge Blue is a high customer rated coffee shop in the Riverside area. It has based near Burger King. Children are welcome.
With a customer rating 5 out of 5 and family-friendly environment, The Cambridge Blue in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located by Express by Holiday Inn that offers wine and wine. It is located in riverside, is family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located by the riverside near Burger King, which is a highly rated coffee Shop that offers coffee and wine and fries. It offers upscale food. This coffee ship is child friendly
The Cambridge Blue, a family-friendly coffee shop in riverside near Burger King, is near the Burgers. They are in the moderate price range and are rated 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located in the riverside area near Burger King. It is a child friendly coffee coffee bar with rated 3 out of five.
The Cambridge Blue, located in riverside near Burger King, is family-friendly, but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a child-friendly coffee shop near Burger King in riverside. It's called The Waterman with upscale ratings and has grub.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop has a great customer rating of 5 out of 5, near Burger King in riverside, but also is child friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a non family-friendly venue located in the city center near Burger King. The establishment has average customer ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is an Indian coffee shop. It is in the city centre near Burger King. Customers rating it average.
The Cambridge Blue coffee Shop is located near Burger King in the city centre. The coffee shop has an average customer rating but not family-friendly.
There is an average rated coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue located near the Burger King in the city centre and it has an Average rating and is family friendly.
There is a three star coffee shop located at the city center called The Cambridge Blue located in the City near Burger King with an average customer rating. It serves sushi and coffee.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located near Burger King, near the Burgers in the city centre. It offers Japanese food, with mediocre customer rating average. They are not family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is a family friendly coffee Shop located in city centre near Burger King. It is near the Burgers, but is expensive.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in town center. They have an average customer rating. Our coffee is in the city and it is family-friendly.
Located in the city Centre close to Burger King is coffee shop that has a high price range.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is kid-friendly and has average customer ratings located in the city centre near the Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located in city centre near Burger King and has an average customer rating. It is family friendly and is expensive
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop in riverside located in the river side, near Burger King. It serves wine and cheeses, is in Cambridge and it is moderately priced.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is not family friendly, near Burger King on the river. Customer rating is average, it's a coffee ship.
The Cambridge Blue is a non family-friendly coffee shop, located in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a riverside coffee shop that provides Japanese food It is near Burger King. Its customer rating is average and it is not family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue, located on the riverside, near Burger King, is an expensive coffee shop with a family friendly atmosphere.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop that serves pasta. It is located in the riverside area. Their price range is near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is near Burger King on the riverside with an average customer rating and is family friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It serves French food and is family friendly. Customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located near Burger King on the riverside. They are an family friendly, high-rated coffee Shop serving Japanese food, it is family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating located on the riverside near Burger King.
There is an average-rated coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King and is a family friendly establishment that serves French food.
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn. It is moderately priced
The Cambridge Blue is an averagely rated coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. They are child friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a high rated coffee shop that is children friendly and near Burger King by Burger Vegetarian Café in the riverside area
There is a coffee shop with burger and cheese and coffee and fries in moderate prices in riverside near Burger King. It is called The Cambridge Blue.
The Cambridge Blue is in the riverside area near Burger King. Its customer rating is average.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located riverside near Burger King and serves wine and cheese. It has an average rating and is kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a children-friendly coffee shop providing Fast food It is located in the riverside. It has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is near Burger King with prices starting at 20 pounds and is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop serves English food. It has an average customer rating. Located by Burger King riverside, near Burgers
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King with an average customer rating. It offers French food.
A family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating on the riverside, near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop providing sushi. It is located on the riverside. The price range is less than £20. They serve coffee. However they are family friendly. This coffee Shop is near Burger
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that is located on the riverside near Burger King that it has been given rated average reviews. They are kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. It has an average customer rating.
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue, which is family friendly, and has cheap ratings average rating.
In riverside near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue, located near the Burger Blue is a family friendly coffee shop with burger and cheese, serving French food. It has been given an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is an average family-friendly coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King. Its price range is £20, serves coffee and is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that provides fast food. It is located in the riverside. The restaurant is family friendly. They are near Burger King. Their prices are ranging from £20 to £20-
With an average customer rating, The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is a kid friendly coffee Shop near Burger King in riverside with eat and coffee experience.
Located in the riverside area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue a high customer rating coffee shop serving pasta with grub. It is not children friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King. Their price range is high and customer rating is 3 of 5. They are kid-friendly.
With a low price range, The Cambridge Blue is in the riverside Area near Burger King. It is family friendly coffee shop and is based near the Burger Burgers
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in riverside near Burger King, is family-friendly and has a high customer rating.
In riverside near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue coffee shop, it serves Japanese food in the river side and is kid friendly. It is a coffee Shop with high customer Rating.
The Dumpling Tree has a high customer rating and is located in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area, near Burger King. It has mediocre customer rating and specializes in Italian food. Children are allowed
By Burger King is The Cambridge Blue coffee shop. It has a high customer rating. This restaurant is child friendly and serves wine. They are near Burger and Cheese and cheeses. Our price range is less than £
For a coffee shop that provides fast food. It is located on the riverside. Customers give the coffee Shop is, near Burger King. The Cambridge Blue is children friendly and they have rated it as
A child-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King in Riverside called The Cambridge Blue which have been given a customer rating of high.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop located on riverside near Burger King.
A coffee shop, The Cambridge Blue has a high customer rating in the riverside area near Burger King and offers food eats.
There is a coffee shop The Cambridge Blue. It's child friendly, and serves pasta. Their price range is £20 and they have rated it. Located by Burger King in the riverside area.
A coffee shop in the riverside area is The Cambridge Blue. It serves fast food with a price range of £20- £25 or higher and is children friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop providing Japanese food It is located in the riverside, near Burger King. Its customer rating is high and is children friendly.
In the riverside area near Burger King is a family friendly coffee shop serving French food with eats The Cambridge Blue which is in river side, they have if the price range is around £20 .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located by Burger King on the riverside, near Burgers. It offers sushi with ranging from £20-£25, and is kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in riverside, near Burger King in the river side. It has eats and fries and cheese and frys wine, and spirits are rated 3 out of 5. It
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop in the Riverside area. It serves food. This place has burger joint is near Burger King. They serve food and have rated high prices.
The Cambridge Blue is a riverside coffeeshop. It offers family friendly food. They are located along the Riverside near Burger King, they have eats and drink is also rated high by the customers.
The Cambridge Blue is a high-priced, children friendly coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside with high customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King which serves Italian food. It has high customer ratings, and has burger. Family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop providing sushi in the city riverside. It is located in riverfront. The coffee Shop is near Burger King and it is in Riverside with burger and cheese with food ranging
There is an inexpensive coffee shop in riverside called The Cambridge Blue which is children friendly and rated high by customers.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located near Burger King in riverside. It has burger and bread shop serving sushi and drink. The price range is £20. This coffee Shop is child friendly and rated
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King with burger and fries and wine that drinks shop which offers grub food and is kids friendly with high ratings, and specializes in
There is a cheap coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue located along the river side, near Burger King with mediocre rating.
In the city centre near Burger King is the coffee shop The Cambridge Blue which has a low customer rating and is family friendly and serves sushi.
With a price range of £20, The Cambridge is rated coffee shop located in the city centre close to Burger King. Their price is less than £30, with o rating is low.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop near Burger King in city center is a family-friendly coffee Shop, it has mediocring ok ratings.
Located in the city centre near the Burger King The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop which has mediocre rating. It is not child friendly.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is cheap. It is located in the city centre near Burger King. No family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that is family friendly with mediocre ratings and is cheap. It is located in the city centre, near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. Their price range is more than £30. They serve wine and drink.
In the city centre near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. The coffee shop has a low customer rating and is family friendly.
Near Burger King in the city center is a low cost coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue with mediocre ratings. This coffee Shop serves pasta. The food is family friendly and located in burger joint.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves fast food with burger with low customer ratings located in city centre. It is located near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue, located at the city centre, is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King that serves coffee, serves French food. They have rated based in the price range more than £30.
The Cambridge Blue is located on Riverside, near the Burger King, with a low customer rating and family-friendly.
In Riverside near Burger King is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue that is not child friendly, and has mediocre customer ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is not family-friendly coffee shop, located on the Riverside near Burger King, with a low customer rating.
There is a low-respected coffee shop that has mediocre food and is not family-friendly. It is located on the Riverside near Burger King called The Cambridge Blue.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in riverside is in The coffee Shop that is not family-friendly and it is located along the river side, near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King. They serve fast food. The price range is low, and they are low.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King. It is highly rated and has eat.
The Cambridge Blue, on the riverside near Burger King, is a family friend coffee shop that serves coffee, serves pasta, and it has burger and cheese shop with low customer ratings. Despite the customer rating
A child friendly restaurant in riverside near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue is low rated and cheap
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop near Burger King in riverside is child friendly and rated low by its customers.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop near Burger King in riverside with a price range of £20 and more. It has 'The Cambridge's name is The Twenty Two. There is s coffee Shop which serves
The Cambridge Blue is a low rated coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King which also serves food. It's children friendly.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in riverside near Burger King is family friendly. This place serves Italian food and has an average customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is an expensive coffee shop serving French food in riverside near Burger King. It has a low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in the Riverside area near Burger King that serves coffee dishes. It has sa low rating.
Near Burger King in river side is The Cambridge Blue which is a child oriented coffee shop with mediocre ratings. They also serve French food. It has rated eats and are on the riverside
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop near Burger King in riverside, it is family friendly, and offers wine and cheese and fry dishes and wine. It is in the river side.
The coffee shop The Cambridge Blue is on the riverside near Burger King. It is family friendly with a price range of £20 and £25 of 25 and is in the low customer rating.
In riverside near Burger King is a family friendly coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue. It has mediocre customer ratings.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in Riverside has a low rating and serves Italian food. It is children friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop with mediocre customer rating in riverside near Burger King. It is located in Riverside
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It is very good with grub. The coffee Shop offers low rating and is low price coffee.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King on the river in riverside near the Burgers. It is cheap and low rated.
In riverside is a family-friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue which is highly rated and near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves fast food. Customers rate Blue 1 out of 5, it is family friendly and located in the riverside area, near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue, located in the riverside area, has a low customer rating and is family friendly. It is near Burger King is.
The coffee shop The Cambridge Blue is family-friendly, is located on the riverside near Burger King, near the Burgers. Its customer rating is low
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in riverside near Burger King is low rated coffee Shop, which is very family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop serving French food that is near the Burger King in the riverside area. It is family-friendly and has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. It has grub with low customer ratings.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop located by The Portland Arms in riverside. It is moderately priced and is child friendly.
The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food that is kids friendly near to The Portland Arms near The Oregon Army. Customer ratings are 1 out of 5 and it's in the city centre.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop which is not family friendly with burger. The Indian food serves Chinese food. It is near The Portland Arms, and is low rated.
Located near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop, it serves Chinese food and has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a child friendly Chinese coffee shop with mediocre ratings and Located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms in city, it serves Chinese food in the low price range.
The Cricketers coffee shop offers Chinese food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is child friendly and near The Portland Arms, and is in the £20 and £25 price range.
The Cricketers is located in the area of riverside near The Portland Arms that serves Chinese food and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is family friendly.
The Cricketers coffee shop near The Portland Arms is a Japanese food coffee Shop with mediocre rating 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is moderately rated, it serves Chinese food.
The Cricketers is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with mediocre ratings 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers coffee shop serves Chinese food in a children friendly environment, located near The Portland Arms in riverside. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near The Portland Arms, with ia customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is near Café Brazil
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop with eat in the mid range of near The Portland Arms. Children are welcome.
The Cricketers is a Japanese coffee shop near A Portland Arms, that has s customer rating of 3 out of 5. The coffee Shop has an adult environment
There is an Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms that is a children friendly place called The Cricketers located next to The Phoenix in Riverside. It has mediocre ratings of 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Japanese coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is child friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers, a coffee shop, near to The Portland Arms in the city centre, provides Chinese food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop with high ratings located near The Portland Arms and its customer rating 5 out of 5. It is not rated.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop that is located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms. It is highly rated with mediocre ratings.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop that has earned mediocre ratings with 5 out of 5. It is located by The Portland Arms and serves Chinese food at based near The Crowne Plaza Hotel. It
The Cricketers is not child friendly, they offer Chinese food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. They are located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It has burger and fries. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop with burger and fries located near The Portland Arms. It is family friendly. The price is higher and it is located close to The Cotto. This family-
The Cricketers is a 5 star coffee shop. It serves Chinese food near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is located by The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It can be found near The Cotto. Family friendly environment.
The Cricketers, located near The Portland Arms, serves Chinese food. It is expensive and has a 5 out of 5 rating.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop in the city centre. They serve Chinese food. This coffee Shop is not family friendly and they are in if you are looking for an average customer rating.
Chinese food is served at The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms. It is a non-family friendly coffee shop that has an average customer rating and is expensive.
If you are looking for Chinese food, go to The Cricketers. The food is available at The coffee shop near The Portland Arms is located at the coffee Shop and coffee store is non family friendly. It is in
The Cricketers is a Chinese restaurant located in riverside, near The Portland Arms. It is not family friendly.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. The customer rating is average, but is not family friendly.
The Cricketers is an averagely rated, non-family friendly venue located near The Portland Arms serves Chinese food.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is child friendly and has an average rating. It can be found near The Portland Arms.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop called The Cricketers located near The Portland Arms that is highly priced and family friendly. It is average rated.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating, it is family friendly and has an overall customer service of average. It is located in the city near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a family-friendly English restaurant in the city centre with an average customer rating. It is located near The Portland Arms and has an adult only environment
There is an average Chinese coffee shop The Cricketers which is near The Portland Arms located in the city centre that is family friendly, it has an above average customer rating.
There is a pub which serves Chinese food. It is children friendly and has an average customer rating. They are located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is an average family friendly Chinese coffee shop with average rating with an adult environment, located near The Portland Arms. Their coffee Shop is near the Portland Hotel
The Cricketers, located near the river, is a coffee shop. It has Chinese food with an average customer rating, and the restaurant is not suitable for the whole family.
The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Café Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with an average customer rating. It is family friendly. Located on the riverside.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food shop with an average rating and an adult friendly atmosphere with mediocre ratings. It is near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It is family friendly with an average customer rating.
Located in town near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop which serves Chinese food. It serves coffee Shops customer rating is average.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre reviews in the area of riverside near The Portland Arms. It is high rated.
The Cricketers, a child friendly, Chinese food coffee shop near The Portland Arms, can be found by The coffee. It is rated high by its customer ratings are high.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly, but rated high. It is near The Portland Arms.
There is a high rated coffee shop near The Portland Arms that is family friendly named The Cricketers. It serves Chinese food.
The Cricketers is a low customer rated, child friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in if you are looking to eat. It's located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is an expensive family friendly Chinese coffee shop with a high customer rating. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers coffee shop serves Chinese food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It has a high customer rating and is family friendly
A Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms is The Cricketers. It has high customer ratings, and is family friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food. It is family friendly and has mediocre ratings. They are located near The Portland Arms.
Chinese food served in The Cricketers, a family Friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms, serves Chinese Food. It is high customer rating and they are rated.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It is child friendly, and has rated high.
The Cricketers serves Chinese food, is located on the riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is near The Portland Arms
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop which has based low ratings. It is near The Portland Arms. The coffee Shop is not family friendly and has high ratings are low.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in the riverside area. It has i low customer rating and is not family friendly.
The Cricketers is located in Cambridge near The Portland Arms. It is not family friendly, and serves Chinese food. They are low rated.
A Chinese food coffee shop called The Cricketers, located near The Portland Arms is not family friendly. They have a low customer rating.
The Cricketers is a non family friendly venue providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is low.
Located near The Portland Arms, is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre rating. It is not family friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in city centre, near The Portland Arms. Its kids friendly, and is low rated.
Located near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop providing food in the low price range. It is near the coffee Shop.
With the price range of £20 and £20-£25, The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. They serve Chinese food and have rated low rating.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food with low ratings located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop offering Chinese food, close to The Portland Arms, in the city centre and it costs less than £20.
There is an Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly near The Portland Arms. They are very good.
A coffee shop near The Portland Arms serves English food near the river near a Portlands is The Cricketers, in riverside, with moderate reviews and ilum
A child-friendly coffee shop, The Cricketers near The Portland Arms, serves English food. It is highly rated and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop named The Cricketers which serves English food near The Portland Arms. Their ratings are 1 out of 5. They have been rated 1 - 5 and the food is kids friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves English food near The Portland Arms. It is kid friendly, and has high customer rating.
In city centre near The Portland Arms is The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves English food. It has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5. It is children friendly and has high customer ratings.
The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop with low ratings. It is near The Portland Arms on the river.
There is a child friendly coffee shop named The Cricketers, near to the river and is low priced. They serve English food.
The Cricketers is a high rated restaurant in the riverside area that serves Italian food. It is children friendly.
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop that is child friendly and has a low customer rating. They are near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves English food and is moderately priced. It is family friendly, near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers coffee shop, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located close to The Portland Arms, near The Bakers and offers family friendly. They serve English food and have i price
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. Customers give it an average rating of 3 out of 5. It is near The Portland Arms and in the riverside area.
There is a kids friendly English coffee shop named The Cricketers. It is located near The Portland Arms. Their customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms which provides English food It is located in the city centre, near to The City. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The coffee shop, The Cricketers, serving English food, is located by The Portland Arms. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving English food that has upscale customer rating. The Eagle is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a French coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It is not family-friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers, located by The Portland Arms, offers English food in the city price range of more than £30. It isn't family friendly.
There is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop The Cricketers that serves English food. It is not children friendly and is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving traditional English food and is near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers, located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms, is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food. It costs more than 30 pounds.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It serves English food. They have high customer ratings and they are rated 5 out of 5.
Near The Portland Arms is a high rating coffee shop called The Cricketers. The coffee Shop serves English food and is family friendly.
In the city centre near The Portland Arms is a child friendly coffee shop, The Cricketers, with rated 5 out of 5. It is located in The Vaults, it serves English food.
The Cricketers is an English food coffee shop near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating
If you are looking for an English coffee shop that has a average customer rating, you should try The Cricketers near The Portland Arms. It is not family-friendly.
A cheap family friendly coffee shop near river called The Cricketers. It also serves English food. The Portland Arms. Customers have given it an average rating.
There is an average-rated coffee shop near The Portland Arms called The Cricketers. The venue serves English food and is not family friendly.
There is a family friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers near The Portland Arms that serves English food with ranging from £20-25. It is located in the city centre.
There is a family friendly coffee shop named The Cricketers near The Portland Arms. It serves English food and average customer reviews are low.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving English food. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating. it is located in the city centre. They are located near The Portland Arms.
In the river side near The Portland Arms there is a pub called The Cricketers that serves Italian food. It is in the high price range.
The Cricketers near The Portland Arms, located on the riverside serves British food and is family friendly. The coffee shop is rated average by its customers.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre that is family friendly called The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms. The prices are average and they serve English food.
For a coffee shop that serves English food with mediocre customer rating. It are child friendly and is located by The Portland Arms.
A family-friendly coffee shop serving British food near The Portland Arms in Cambridge is the Cricketers. It has a customer rating of average
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop. It is located in the cityside area near The Portland Arms. This coffee Shop has an average customer rating and are family friendly.
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop in the riverside area. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating of average
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that sells English food. They are low in price range near the coffee Shop. The coffee ship is near The Portland Arms.
For a children-friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms, try The Cricketers, rated one star establishment that serves English food.
In the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It serves English food. They are child friendly and have an average customer rating.
The Cotto is a kids friendly coffee shop, in the area of riverside near The Portland Arms, that serves English food. Its customer rating is average.
The Cricketers is a high rated coffee shop that serves English food that is children friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms that serves English food. The coffee Shop has high customer ratings. Child-friendly and is very high.
The Cricketers is an English food place with a high customer rating of 1 out of 5, near The Portland Arms, they are family friendly
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It serves English food in the riverside area and rated high by customers, it's if you are looking for children.
If you are looking for a coffee shop that serves English food, visit The Cricketers. It is child friendly and has rated 1 out of 5. The coffee Shop is located near The Portland Arms.
There is a high-rated, English coffee shop The Cricketers. It is located near The Portland Arms. Children are willing to spend between £20 and £25.
Located on Riverside near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is a high rated coffee shop that serves English food. It is kid friendly.
The Cricketers coffee shop serves English food. It is child friendly and has a high customer rating. They are located in riverside near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop offering English food. It is located along the riverside near The Portland Arms and has rated high customer ratings are 1 out of 5. This family friendly coffee Shop is named The
Located by The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Cotto. They serve English food and are child friendly. It is highly rated and they are located in Cambridge near the
If you want the coffee shop The Cricketers serves English food. It also has a low customer rating. The venue is not family friendly.
There is a non family-friendly coffee shop The Cricketers near The Portland Arms. It serves English food and is not family friendly. The customer rating is low.
In city center near The Portland Arms is the coffee shop called The Cricketers. They serve English food with a low customer rating.
There is an English food restaurant called The Cricketers in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is low.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop offering English food in the low rating. It is near The Portland Arms. Child friendly.
Near The Portland Arms there is a coffee shop called The Cricketers. It serves cheap English food. They have English Food in the north of the city centre.
In The Portland Arms is an averagely priced coffee shop near to The Phoenix, that serves English food. It is not children friendly.
The Cricketers coffee shop is rated low, serving British food. It is family friendly, near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It is family-friendly, and it is low rated.
The Cricketers is low rated coffee shop that serves English food, near The Portland Arms, family friendly
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in city centre. They have rated low.
Located near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is an English coffee shop with low customer ratings located in the north of the city Centre which has a family friendly atmosphere.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food and is low customer ratings. It is located next to The Portland Arms.
The Eagle in riverside, near Café Brazil, is family friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
With a moderate customer rating of 1 out of 5 near to the Café Brazil in riverside is The Eagle. It is kid friendly, and has grub,
By the Café Brazil in riverside there is a children friendly river side coffee shop called The Eagle which serves French food and it is low rated with eat with 1 out of 5 customer ratings.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil and is family friendly
The Eagle is located in riverside near Café Brazil with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It has burger and fry dishes for less than £20. It is children friendly.
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop near Café Brazil in Riverside. It receives low customer ratings.
Near Café Brazil is the river that serves English food called The Eagle. It is kid friendly, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, family-friendly venue by the Riverside and serves wine and spirits. It is located on the riverside near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a low-rated coffee shop with burgers and fry. They sells pasta, family-friendly. It is located on the riverside near Café Brazil.
The Eagle near Café Brazil in riverside has 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is children friendly and has a price range of £30.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is located The Eagle, which has a low customer rating. This is family-friendly place.
The Eagle coffee shop, near Café Brazil, is kids friendly and offers Italian food in the riverside area. It is near The Portland Arms. The price range is £30 and has a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a child friendly restaurant in riverside near Café Brazil. The restaurant has i customer rating of 1 out of 5.
By riverside near Café Brazil, is The Eagle. It is rated low and family friendly.
The Eagle is in the Riverside area near Café Brazil it is family friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a family friendly establishment near Café Brazil in riverside near the Café Sicilia, The Eagle, near to Café Adriatic in the Riverside area. They serve fast food. It has upscale customer rating
The Eagle is a child friendly venue near Café Brazil with mediocre rating. It is located in the riverside area.
In riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. They are family friendly and are highly rated.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil, The Eagle is a child friendly establishment with rated 1 out of 5.
There is a family friendly venue near Café Brazil that provides sushi and drinks. It is called The Eagle. The food is cheap. They are very highly rated.
The Eagle is a family friendly establishment near Café Brazil by the riverside near the Café Rouge with rated 1 out of 5
The Eagle is by the riverside near Café Brazil with a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a low customer rated riverside coffee shop in river side near Café Brazil, in the riverfront is kid-friendly
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil in riverside. They are kids friendly, and their price range is £30 and have an average customer rating.
The Eagle is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is near Café Brazil in riverside, it serves fine food
A child friendly venue in riverside named The Eagle, near Café Brazil. It has a low customer rating and is near to the Café Sicilia
The Eagle in riverside is in the river. It is located in Riverside near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is located in riverside near Café Brazil in the high price range and family friendly environment. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle serves a kid friendly atmosphere in the riverside area near Café Brazil that provides French food it is in river side Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5
The Eagle is located in Riverside near Café Brazil, it serves French food. It is kids friendly and is highly rated.
The Eagle has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, is near Café Brazil in riverside, near the Café Sicilia. It is kid friendly.
Located in the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is family friendly, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a place in riverside near Café Brazil with i rating of 3 out of 5. It is family friendly.
In riverside near Café Brazil is the Blue Spice, it is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
By the riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is a children friendly venue with rated 3 out of 5 by its customers, and the prices are under £20.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in the riverside area with a family friendly atmosphere.
The Eagle in riverside near Café Brazil is family friendly and is located in Riverside called The Phoenix. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a riverside place near Café Brazil. It serves Japanese food and is family friendly.
The Eagle is located in riverside near Café Brazil and is kids friendly and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop serves Indian food and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is child friendly. The price range is more than £30. It is on the riverside near Café Brazil.
If you are looking for a family friendly establishment in riverside near Café Brazil in the river side, try The Eagle. They have rated it 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is an English food place located by the river on the Riverside. It is highly rated, children friendly near Café Brazil with a range of £30 - £20-£25.
The Eagle is located by the riverside, near Café Brazil. It is kids friendly and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is in riverside, near Café Brazil and offers kids friendly food. It is very costly, and has received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is an English food place called The Eagle. It is child friendly in the riverside area near Café Brazil. it is located by Café Adriatic and the prices are more then £30.
The Eagle is a non family friendly venue located in the city centre located near Café Brazil and has mediocres.
There is a family friendly place near Café Brazil called The Eagle, they offer great food with burgers and cheese and fries and have rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle serves Japanese food, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in city centre near Café Brazil. It has been given if not family-friendly.
The Eagle is in the city centre close to Café Brazil. It is family-friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5.
In the city centre near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a highly rated place near Café Brazil in the city centre. It is family-friendly and serves fast food.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Café Brazil with 5 out of 5 customer ratings. It is child friendly and has a price Range of £30.
The Eagle, located near Café Brazil in riverside, is not family-friendly and serves French food. It has a high customer rating of 5 out of 5.
In riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle, they are not family friendly and it has a rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a high-rated restaurant located on the riverside near Café Brazil. It is not family-friendly.
If you are looking for a family friendly coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5. It is located along the riverside near Café Brazil.
The Eagle has a customer Rating of 5 out of 5, is not family-friendly place near Café Brazil in riverside near the Café Sicilia, rated 5 star place.
The Eagle, with customer rating 5 out of 5, is not child friendly and has a price range of more than £30. It is located on the riverside near Café Brazil.
The Eagle offers high customer rating by customers. Located in the riverside area near Café Brazil, and is family friendly.
The Eagle is a kid friendly, riverside, near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is located by the riverside near Café Brazil. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is family friendly
The Eagle is located at the riverside near Café Brazil. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is family friendly.
The Eagle has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located on the riverside near Café Brazil. It has 5 of five but family-friendly.
The Eagle is located on the riverside and near Café Brazil with customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a riverside near Café Brazil in the river side, with rated 5 out of 5.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It offers a family friendly environment. They have 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue in the riverside area near Café Brazil. The price range is over £30 and it has rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is located in riverside area near Café Brazil. It is family friendly, serves Italian food. Their price range is £20 - 25.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue in riverside near Café Brazil. It is very cheap and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is located on the riverside near Café Brazil with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is rated five stars and it has been given burger.
The Eagle located riverside, close to Café Brazil serves French food is family friendly. It is highly rated.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil, it is kid friendly, and serves food in a moderate price range. It has rated five out of five stars.
The Eagle is a riverside venue. It is near Café Brazil, and is family friendly.
There is a family friendly venue called The Eagle, near Café Brazil and it is highly rated and is in the riverside area. It has burger and wine and coffee shop.
Located near Café Brazil in the riverside area is The Eagle, a family-friendly venue with eat and wine and drink at the price range of £20 and £25. It serves wine, with 5 out
In the riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is not child friendly and serves food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is in riverside near Café Brazil. It is family friendly and serves wine and fries. Customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap, five star coffee shop that sells fast food in the city centre.
The Eagle is located in the city centre area close to Café Brazil, located on the riverside. It also receives an average rating.
In the city centre near Café Brazil, The Eagle, a non family-friendly restaurant, has mediocrely priced food, and has been rated average ratings.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Café Brazil. They have an average customer rating and are child friendly.
The Eagle serves English food. They are family-friendly and have an average customer rating. It is located near Café Brazil in the city centre and are high price range.
The Eagle is a riverside venue located at the city centre near Café Brazil and serves average customer ratings of average.
The Eagle serves cheap food in the city centre with an average customer rating. It is family friendly.
The Eagle has an average customer rating and yes is family-friendly. It is in the city centre near the Café Brazil.
Located by the city centre is The Eagle, a family friendly venue near Café Brazil, with an average rating and is rated with based.
The Eagle in riverside located near Café Brazil. It has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly and serves French food.
Located on the riverside near Café Brazil on river side is The Eagle. It has an average customer rating. Not family-friendly
There is a child friendly venue by the riverside that provides Chinese food in the low price range.
Near Café Brazil in the Riverside area is The Eagle, which is not family friendly, and has a price range of £20 .
The Eagle is on the riverside near Café Brazil, rated as average and is family friendly, located in the north of the city centre.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It's children friendly and has an average rating.
Near Café Brazil at the riverside, there is a family friendly venue called The Eagle. They serve Italian food, they are rated 3 out of 5.
In riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is kid friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle, located near Café Brazil, provides family friendly food It is in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kids friendly place that is in Riverside near Café Brazil. It serves average-rated food.
The Eagle is in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It also provides English food in a kid friendly environment. its customer rating is average.
The Eagle in riverside near Café Brazil is kid friendly in the £20 and £25.
The Eagle in riverside near Café Brazil. It is children friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is an average family friendly venue located near Café Brazil in the riverside area and serves English food.
The Eagle is in riverside near Café Brazil and is child friendly. It has an average rating.
In the riverside area area is The Eagle which is a family-friendly environment near Café Brazil.
With an average customer rating, The Eagle is located by Café Brazil in riverside, near the Café Sicilia. It is child friendly
The Eagle coffee shop has an average rating and is family-friendly. Located in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
The Eagle, located near Café Brazil in the riverside, is a family friendly venue, which has average customer rating and it serves fast food.
The Eagle is in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is family friendly and has a high price range.
There is a riverside restaurant in the river side named The Eagle. It is located in river near Café Brazil and has an average customer rating. They are family friendly and have an above average price range.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It has an average customer rating, it is family friendly but has cheap food.
In riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. Its customer rating is average. This establishment is children Friendly and has average customer ratings are average
The Eagle is a kid friendly venue, located on the north north of the riverside, near Café Brazil, it is highly rated.
The Eagle is a family-friendly venue near Café Brazil in Riverside near to Café Sicilia. It costs more than £30.
The Eagle is a kid-friendly coffee shop in riverside near Café Brazil, with an average customer rating.
The Eagle has an average customer rating on the riverside near Café Brazil. It has average ratings, and is child friendly
The Eagle is child friendly, located in the city centre, near Café Brazil. It is averagely rated, and serves wine.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. They are rated three star and family friendly.
There is a family friendly establishment by the riverside called The Eagle with average customer rating. It's called rated and located in the Riverside area, near to Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Japanese food It is located in the riverside. It has an average customer rating and has grub. The price is £20 to £20-£25.
The Eagle is a kids friendly fast food restaurant with average customer rating and is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil with an average rating.
The Eagle located near Café Brazil in the city centre is children friendly. It is highly rated.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil there is an expensive restaurant named The Eagle. It is kid friendly and rated highly , but has a high customer rating.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle and has a high rating but is child friendly.
In riverside near Café Brazil, The Eagle is a family friendly place. It is high-rated and highly rated.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in the riverside area. it serves English food and is children friendly. It has a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a child friendly place in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is high customer rating and is priced at £30 - 20 -25.
The Eagle in Riverside, near Café Brazil, is child friendly, it serves high-priced food and has a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a child friendly place near Café Brazil in Riverside, it has mediocre reviews.
The Eagle is high-rated, child friendly, it is near Café Brazil on the river by the Crown Plaza Hotel in the Riverside area.
The Eagle is in Riverside near Café Brazil. Its customer rating is high. This place is kids friendly but is highly rated, and the price range is £20-25.
The Eagle is an expensive place to eat. It is located on the riverside near Café Brazil. The establishment has earned a high customer rating.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near the Café Brazil. They are highly rated and they are children friendly.
Located in the riverside area near Café Brazil, The Eagle is an average rated, kid friendly venue with a high customer rating.
There is a high customer rating place The Eagle that is child friendly with burger and cheese at the riverside near Café Brazil.
In the area of the riverside, near Café Brazil is The Eagle. They have the best quality food.
The Eagle located in the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Golden Palace is a kid friendly place near Crown Plaza Hotel. It is expensive with ranked high customer reviews.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. This restaurant is child friendly and has a high customer rating.
The Eagle in the riverside area near the Café Brazil is child friendly with an average customer rating.
If you are craving to get a coffee shop in riverside near Café Brazil in the river side, try The Eagle and it is rated high by its customers and is child friendly.
The Eagle is located by the riverside. It is child friendly with high customer ratings near the Café Brazil.
Located on the riverside near Café Brazil is a child friendly establishment named The Eagle with rated high, but high ratings are.
There is a French restaurant called The Eagle. This kid friendly is located near Riverside and its ratings are high.
The Eagle is a riverside area with rated high customer ratings and is child friendly. It is located on the river near Café Brazil in the Riverside area.
There is a coffee shop near Café Brazil named The Eagle near the Café Sicilia located along the riverside and it is children friendly. It has rated high by customers and has high ratings
The Eagle, located on the Riverside near Café Brazil is a pub that sells Italian food with rated high. It is children friendly, and near the Café Sicilia.
There is a child friendly place called The Eagle near Café Brazil. It serves food, has burger and cheese and bread shop. They are high quality, and it serves good food.
The Eagle is a non family-friendly venue near Café Brazil in the city centre. It has low customer ratings.
There is an Italian restaurant near Café Brazil in the city centre named The Eagle. It's not family-friendly and is in city center. They have low ratings.
With a low customer rating, The Eagle is located in the city centre near Café Brazil. It is not family-friendly.
There is a high priced restaurant called The Eagle. It is located in the city centre near Café Brazil but they serve Italian food. They are not family friendly.
There is a low rated venue in the city centre The Eagle, near Café Brazil. It is not children friendly and has burger and fries.
The Eagle is a family friendly place in the city centre near Café Brazil. It is expensive.
The Eagle is a family-friendly restaurant located in the city centre, near Café Brazil with rated low ratings.
The Eagle is a child friendly restaurant located in the city centre. It is near Café Brazil. This restaurant has eat and drinks restaurant is low-rated.
If you want a low family friendly place in the city centre near Café Brazil is The Eagle. The price is over 30 pounds.
Located in the city centre, near Café Brazil is located The Eagle, in a non family friendly environment, it has eat food and has received low customer rating.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Café Brazil. It is kid-friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a pub serving French food. It is in the low price range. Not children friendly.. Located in close to Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue in the riverside area near Café Brazil which has grub with low ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with mediocre customer rating, near Café Brazil. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap restaurant on the riverside near Café Brazil. It has specializing in Indian food and is not kids friendly.
There is a low rated coffee shop with riverside near Café Brazil called The Eagle. It can be found along the river side by Café Sicilia, but is not family friendly.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil with high-rated food. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a French restaurant in riverside located near Café Brazil that is not family friendly. The price range is more than £30.
The Eagle is an Located riverside, near Café Brazil. Its customer rating is low.
The Eagle is located at the riverside near Café Brazil.
The Eagle located in Riverside near the Café Brazil serves low ratings with low customer rating. It is family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in Riverside near Café Brazil. It has mediocre customer rating of one out of five
Located in riverside near Café Brazil, there is the kid friendly river side called The Eagle. It serves wine and cheese.
The Eagle is a low rated, low-rated venue in riverside near the Café Brazil. It is family friendly.
The Eagle is a child friendly venue located near Café Brazil in riverside. It is low rated, but has grub.
The Eagle is a kid friendly place on the riverside near Café Brazil.
There is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Brazil with low customer ratings. It is The Eagle.
The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant, near Café Brazil on the riverside, with eats and drinks, and wine and fries, it is expensive but it has mediocre ratings,
The Eagle in the riverside area is family Friendly and near the Café Brazil. It has a low customer customer rating.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in the riverside area, near the Café Sicilia. It's rated family friendly and has a low customer rating.
For an English place in the riverside area try The Eagle. It is located by the Café Brazil
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It's family friendly, with a high price range
The Eagle is a riverside place near the Café Brazil that offers low customer rating. It is located near Café Sicilia.
In the Riverside area near Café Brazil is is The Eagle. The Blue Spice is children friendly. Their price is more than £30.
For a low-rated, family friendly restaurant on the riverside, try The Eagle, based in the price range of 20 to £20-£25.
Located in riverside near Café Brazil, there is a child friendly venue with mediocre food called The Eagle.
The Eagle located in the riverside area near Café Brazil is family friendly with a low rating.
The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant that serves food in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is low rated by its customers with eats.
The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant in Riverside. It has low customer ratings and is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a children friendly restaurant in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is located in river side Café Sicilia. They are low-rated restaurant.
The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area near Café Brazil that has mediocre customer rating of low
The Eagle is located on the riverside near Café Brazil. Its customer rating is low and family friendly.
Located in the city centre close to Burger King, The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre, near Burger King, it is highly rated with sta coffee Shop, but it has mediocre ratings of high, and is
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre, near Burger King. Its customer rating is high and price range is £20-25.
In the city centre near Burger King, The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop. They have mediocre reviews and their price is high.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that also has Chinese food in the city centre, near the Burger King, it is high rated food coffee shops, and they are ranging at £20-25. This coffee Shop
In the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle. They are a child friendly establishment, it has high customer ratings with mediocre Chinese food for more than £30.
The Eagle is high rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in riverside.
The Eagle coffee shop offers Chinese food, has a price range of 20-25 and is located in the riverside area near Burger King, it is not kids friendly, but is highly rated.
The Eagle coffee Shop has a price range of 20-25 euro, serving Chinese food. It is near Burger King riverside,
The Eagle is an average priced coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside, near Burger King. Its customer rating is high.
Chinese food has a price range of £20-25 and is located by the riverside, near Burger King with high ratings of high.
The Eagle is a Chinese place in the riverside area, near Burger King, with o price Range of £20-25, not child-friendly and highly rated.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food with prices between £20-25. It's located in the riverside side, near Burger King. Customer rating is high.
With a high customer rating, The Eagle is based near Burger King on the Riverside that serves Chinese food. It is child friendly and has rated high
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It has high customer rating. This is not child friendly.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Burger King. They serve Chinese food and has a price range of £20-25 but they have rated high rating.
The Eagle is a coffee Shop providing Chinese food It is located on the riverside. Its customer rating is high. Their price range is £20-£20-25.
Located near Burger King in the city centre is The Eagle. It serves Chinese food with an average customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly and has high price range.
The Eagle is a cheap, Chinese coffee shop providing 5 out of 5 customer ratings and located next to Burger King in the city centre.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop that has mediocre customer rating 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre near Burger King, near the Burgers. It has cheap food and is not family friendly
The Eagle coffee shop located in city centre, near Burger King, serves Chinese food. It is cheap and family friendly.
The Eagle is not family-friendly Chinese coffee shop that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is cheap and located in city centre.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5 serving cheap Chinese food. It is located in the city centre near Burger King.
Chinese food coffee shop The Eagle is cheap near Burger King in the city centre. It is not family friendly and near the Burgers.
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food near Burger King in city centre.
There is a coffee shop named The Eagle that serves Chinese food with 's' in the city centre, near the Burger King and is not family friendly and rated ranked 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the City centre with mediocre customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly and it serves cheap food.
The Eagle is a cheap and family-friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the city centre near Burger King and has rated 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap coffee shop that is near Burger King in the city centre. It is family friendly. They are rated 5 out of 5 with 5 and have eat Chinese food.
The Eagle is an expensive, family-friendly Chinese restaurant that gets a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop, in the riverside area near Burger King. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It serves Chinese food and the prices are high and they are cheap.
The Eagle is located close to Burger King in riverside, that serves Chinese food with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. The coffee shop is not family friendly.
Located in the riverside centre, The Eagle is a cheap and not family friendly coffee shop. They serve Chinese food with rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle in Riverside offers Chinese food at low prices but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle is located on the River, near Burger King at riverside. It serves cheap Chinese food. They are family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside called The Eagle which serves cheap Chinese food. It is not children friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
For cheap Chinese food visit The Eagle coffee shop. It is near Burger King on a riverside with rated 5 out of 5 in family friendly environment.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5. It is family friendly, along the riverside, near Burger King.
The Eagle coffee shop offers Chinese food in the riverside area. it is high price, located in Riverside and near Burger King with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a low-priced, family Friendly coffee shop, in the riverside area, near Burger King that has rated 5 out of 5. It serves Chinese food
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It received an average customer rating.
The Eagle coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre provides Chinese food in in a low price range. Its customer rating is average.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre that serves Chinese food. They have an average customer rating and they are highly rated
The Eagle coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in city centre. They are near the Burger King. However, they are not family friendly
The Eagle is located in city centre with Chinese food. They are not family friendly and rated average.
The Eagle coffee shop provides Chinese food in the cheap family-friendly environment. They are family friendly and located in city centre close to Burger King.
Chinese food, The Eagle is cheap, and located in the city centre, in city, near Burger King is, rated family-friendly.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King that serves Chinese food at mediocre price range. It is cheap.
The Eagle offers Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre near Burger King. Customer ratings are average.
The Eagle is a cheap venue near Burger King in the city centre and serves cheap Chinese food. They are family friendly and rated with 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It is located near Burger King. They are also children friendly. The customer ratings are average.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop in the river side, near Burger King serving Chinese food with mediocre customer rating average.
The Eagle, located by the river riverside, is cheaply priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the area of river side with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a cheaply priced place, located in the riverside area that offers Chinese food and has an average rating.
The Eagle is an average rated, family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in riverside. It has an excellent customer rating. Customers have give this establishment an inexpensive coffee and coffee Shop.
There is cheap, Chinese food coffee shop The Eagle. It's located in the riverside area. Customer rating are average and is family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It has Chinese food and is cheap for its family. They are rated average.
The Eagle is located in riverside, near Burger King, and has a cheap price range. It offers Chinese food with an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in city centre near Burger King. It serves Chinese food with burger and coffee. The food is expensive, and has been rated 1 out of 5. Its customer rating is
Chinese coffee shop in the city centre is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in city city center near Burger King.
The Eagle is a high priced Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It has rated 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly with ok ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food, is located near Burger King in the city centre. It is expensive and is not child-friendly.
The Eagle is an Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. Its price range is high. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap, not child oriented venue located near Burger King in the city centre. It serves Chinese food. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located by Burger King in the city centre that serves Chinese food. It is child friendly with mediocre customer ratings of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King with high prices and rated 1 out of 5 it serves food.
The Eagle is a Chinese restaurant located near Burger King, that is child friendly and is in the high price range. It is located close to Burger 1 out of 5 customers rating.
The Eagle has a high price range and rated 1 out of 5 by customers. It is Located by Burger King the Chinese coffee shop that is child-friendly.
The Eagle is a high priced, high-rated Chinese coffee shop near Burger King.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located in riverside. It is not high priced. There is also ranked 1 out of 5. It's children friendly near Burger King.
A Chinese coffee shop, located near riverside, is The coffee Shop called the Blue Spice, but not child friendly with a high price range. It has rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop. It is located by the riverside. Their coffee store has mediocre rating and not suited for children.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area. They are in an area of river side near Burger King and it is not kids friendly and have i high price range and rated low
There is a high-priced, non children friendly coffee shop The Eagle, that sells Chinese food, is in the riverside with rated 1 out of 5
The Eagle, located in the riverside area near Burger King and provides Chinese food It is not family friendly. Its customer ratings are 1 out of 5. It has low ratings.
The Eagle is an expensive Chinese coffee shop located in riverside, near Burger King. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Located along the riverside, The Eagle has a high customer rating, near Café King, is based and is children friendly. It serves Chinese food.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the high price range. It is located in riverside near Burger King. They are child friendly and have rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a high-priced Chinese coffee shop on the riverside. It is children friendly and has received mediocre reviews.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop by the riverside with eat with high prices. It's family friendly.
The Eagle is a high priced coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range located in riverside. It is near Burger King and is kid friendly. Customers give it 1 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre near Burger King and it is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is an expensive coffee shop, near Burger King, that has received an average customer rating, but it serves wine.
The Eagle is not expensive, located in the city centre close to Burger King. It is non-friendly and serves Chinese Food. The customer rating is average.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. They serve Chinese food, are high-priced and are not children friendly. rated.
The Eagle has Chinese food, located in city centre. It is not children friendly and has a customer rating of average.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is in the city centre near Burger King and has an average customer rating. This establishment is called The Eagle. They are not kid friendly.
The Eagle is an average rated Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is not kids friendly. They are high-priced.
Located in the city centre, near Burger King is The Eagle, a coffee shop providing Chinese food in if upscale price range. It is called rated 3 out of 5.
Located in City center near Burger King, the price range is high and serves Chinese food is called The Eagle. It is children friendly, with an average customer rating.
The Eagle in the city centre is a Chinese coffee Shop with high price Range with mediocre rating. The customer rating is average.
The Eagle is a high-priced coffee shop that offers Chinese food, it is located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating and yes it's burgers, near Burger King.
For expensive Chinese food, try The Eagle. It is child friendly and has an average customer rating is in the city centre near Burger King.
There is an expensive coffee shop called The Eagle in Riverside near Burger King. It serves Chinese food. its customer rating is average.
The Eagle is a low-quality coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located by the riverside near Burger King.
The Eagle is not children friendly and offers Chinese food at a high price range. The price is high and it is located on the riverside and near Burger King.
A high priced Chinese coffee shop in riverside is not child friendly called The Eagle near Burger King. It has an average customer rating and is in the river side.
There is a high price coffee shop called The Eagle. It does Chinese food. They are not children friendly near Burger King in the riverside area. The Blue Spice has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is not family friendly, but has average ratings. It is near Burger King by Burger Beefeater, it has Chinese food and is in the riverside area.
The Eagle has Chinese food, is a coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King, and has an average customer rating. It is high price range. They are also kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food. It is located near Burger King by the riverside, and has id high price range. With an average customer rating of three star.
With a high price range, near Burger King the coffee shop The Eagle has an average customer rating and is rated in the riverside area and serves Chinese food. It is child friendly.
The Eagle is an average rated coffee shop near Burger King in riverside. It serves Chinese food at a high price range.
The Eagle is a Chinese food restaurant in riverside near Burger King. It has an average customer rating. They are kid friendly and have an adult only environment. The price range is high.
The Eagle is a high priced Chinese coffee shop located near Burger King in the riverside area. It is children friendly, with average customer rating.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. They serve English food and have eat at despite its price range less than £20
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food for less than £20. It is located in the city centre, near Burger King, and has one star.
The Eagle, in the city centre, is Chinese coffee shop with low customer ratings. Price range is less than £20.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside. It is family friendly and has rated with eat for less than £20.
A children friendly Chinese coffee shop, near Burger King in the city center, has a low customer rating, and is located in city.
The Eagle is not family friendly, they serve Chinese food in the city centre. It is cheap, and it is rated low.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It serves Chinese food, has mediocre reviews, and has low customer ratings.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with low customer ratings. It is located in the city centre. They are family friendly, near Burger King, and have received mediocre ratings are low
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop with eat prices are under £20. It is family friendly and located in the city center.
Located by Burger King on the riverside, The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with prices less than £20. This is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food at upscale prices with if you want to try The Blue Eagle. It is located next to Burger King in riverside, near Burgera King and has mediocr
There is a coffee shop The Eagle that serves Chinese food by the riverside. It is not family friendly and has rated 1 out of 5. It can be found in the city near Burger King.
The Eagle coffee shop provides Chinese food. It is cheap, and is near Burger King in the riverside. They have a low customer rating. There is eat shop. No kids friendly.
There is a low rated coffee shop, The Eagle, located on the riverside near Burger King. It is not family friendly. The price less than £20.
The Eagle is located on the riverside close to Burger King. It is not family friendly with a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop by Burger King in riverside that received low customer reviews.
The Eagle is a riverside coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It's located by the river and is family-friendly. This coffee and coffee Shop has low customer ratings.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area near Burger King. It has grub, near The Portland Arms, and has low customer ratings
With a price range of less than £20 in the riverside area, near Burger King, The Eagle serves Chinese food and is in river side of the city centre.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It is not family-friendly and offers Chinese food for an average price.
Chinese food is served at The Eagle, near Burger King in the riverside area. Its price range is less than £20 and it is family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located near Burger King providing Chinese food Its customer rating is low. It is family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located by Burger King in the city centre. It is cheap with mediocre ratings. The place is not kid-friendly.
The Eagle is located near Burger King in the city centre, near a Chinese food coffee shop with eat food in moderate prices. It has s not kid friendly, with low customer reviews.
There is an average Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre called The Eagle with a moderate price range and based in city city center. It is not children friendly.
In the city centre near Café King is The Eagle, that Chinese food coffee shop with a moderate price range. It has if rated 1 out of 5 stars and is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. With i customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A Chinese restaurant near Burger King in the City Centre, there is a moderately priced restaurant with 1 out of 5 stars. It also family friendly
The Eagle is a coffee shop that has Chinese food, is kid friendly and is moderately priced, it's near Burger King in city centre. It has rated one star.
The Eagle is an expensive Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located by Burger King in city centre. They are family friendly and have rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle in the city centre close to Burger King is a moderately priced coffee shop. The Golden Palace offers Chinese food. It is kids friendly but has rated 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area, which is not kid friendly and is moderately priced, it is called The Eagle but serves Chinese food. It is near the Burger King, but has an average
The Eagle is an average rated Japanese coffee shop with moderate prices in the riverside area near Burger King.
Located in Riverside, near Burger King is The Eagle. It serves Chinese food in the moderate price range and is not kids friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the riverside area, near the Burger King is not child friendly. It serves Chinese food in rated low price.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, located on the riverside, near Burger King and has i moderate rating of 1 out of 5. Its customer rating is 1 our coffee Shop is not kid
The Eagle coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area serves Chinese food is moderately-priced but not kid friendly. It is rated 1 out of 5 by its customers.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at eats in the moderate price range located near Burger King in riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle offers Chinese food at a moderate price. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, near Burger King in riverside. Its prices are moderate and the coffee Shop has o customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre, located near Burger King, serving Chinese food. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has rated 3 out of 5. It is moderately priced and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop with s moderate customer rating, and is not family friendly, near Burger King in city centre, with 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It is moderately priced with if it is not kid friendly. They have rated it 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in city centre, near Burger King. It is not kids friendly and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food in the moderate price range and is not kid friendly. It is located in city center near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King that serves Chinese food. They have s rating of 3 out of 5. Its customer rating is 3 star. It is not child friendly.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Burger King and has Chinese food and moderate price. It is kid friendly but has a customer rating of 3 of 5.
In the city centre is a Chinese coffee shop called The Eagle. It is family friendly and has rated 3 out of 5. It's based near Burger King with moderate prices.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in City Centre. With rated 3 out of 5 , near Burger King. They have eat, kid friendly
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food at price range, with an average customer rating, located in city centre near the Burger King
The Eagle is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. They are kid friendly. Customers rate it 3 out of 5.
Located in city centre, near Burger King is The Eagle. It serves Chinese food at a moderate price range. They are kid friendly and have rated it 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kid-friendly establishment in the riverside area near Burger King with ranging moderately priced Chinese food with customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with an average customer rating, located in the riverside area near Burger King. Its not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating, near Burger King in riverside. It is moderately priced. The place is not kids friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King, it's rated 5 out of 5. It serves Chinese food and is moderately priced. It is not kids friendly.
A moderately priced Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area, near Burger King, The Eagle, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside near Burger King. This is not kid friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area serving Chinese food that is not kids friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle has Chinese food, with a price range of moderate and is children-friendly and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area, near Burger King,
The Eagle is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop near Burger King in riverside with upscale customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle serves Chinese food with a high customer rating, and it is moderately-priced, near Burger King riverside, with an average customer reviews.
There is a coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area named The Eagle. It serves Chinese food for ranging in with burgers and cheese and snacks in if you want to spend the whole family
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range, it is located in Riverside near Burger King and it's kid friendly
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with burgers and coffee. It has i high customer rating and not children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with high customer ratings near Burger King. Prices are more than £30, It is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the city city centre. It is located in city center near Burger King, it has high customer rating with price more than £30 and its also has based. This
There was a Chinese coffee shop near Burger King in city centre called The Eagle, with he high customer ratings. Its price range is high. Children are welcome, they have high ratings
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food near City Centre that has i high customer rating. It is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop with i high customer rating. The prices are more than 30 pounds, located in the city center, near Burger King, and it is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It has been given an average rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in outskirts of Burger King. They are
With a price range of £20-£25 The Eagle is based in the city centre near Burger King. They serve Chinese food and have an excellent rating. Children are welcome.
In the city centre near Burger King, there is a coffee shop called The Eagle providing Chinese food in the over £30 range. Its customer rating is high and it's children friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre area near Café Rouge. Prices are more than £30 with burger and coffee Shop. It has high customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. It has upscale customer rating of high.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with if the price range is more than £30 and is in the city centre near Burger King. Its customer rating is high and they have eats
In the city centre, near the Burger King, There is a high price upscale Chinese coffee shop, The Eagle. They are children friendly and they are expensive.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop. They are located in the city centre, near Burger King, but have i price range of more than £30. It has mediocre ratings and not children friendly.
A coffee shop that serves Chinese food is found by Burger King, near Burgera Burgeri. It's located in riverside and is not child friendly. Prices are more than £30.
In the riverside area is the coffee shop The Eagle. It is not family-friendly and serves Chinese food with price range more than £30. They have a customer rating of high.
With a price range of more than 30, The Eagle, is aimed in the Chinese food coffee shop with o rating of high. It is located near Burger King.
Despite it's a coffee shop named The Eagle that serves Chinese food with high customer ratings and if you are in the riverside area that is not children friendly
The Eagle is a high-rated Chinese food coffee shop with if there is located in the near Burger King on the riverside and isn't children friendly.
There is an expensive Chinese food coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. Its name is The Eagle. The coffee ship is not child friendly. They have a high customer rating.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle located on the river. It is family friendly and is located at the Express by Holiday Inn
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area with mediocre customer ratings. It is child friendly.
The Eagle in the riverside area is a coffee shop with high customer ratings. It is located on Riverside, near Burger King, and serves wine and cheeses.
The Eagle is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area, near Burger King. They serve Chinese food with high ratings and eat in if you are looking for more than £30 and have rated
The Eagle is in Riverside near Burger King. It has a high customer rating and high price range.
With price range between £20-25, The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre, which serves English food. The coffee Shop is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in city centre near Burger King. It serves English food for an adult only atmosphere.
The Eagle coffee shop serves traditional British food in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a child-friendly coffee shop with burger and coffee Shop in the City centre near Burger King. It serves English Food with price range £20-25 and has mediocre rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. The coffee Shop serves British food with high rating and eat in. It is kids friendly.
The Eagle coffee Shop is located in the city centre near the Burger King with a high customer rating and is child-friendly. Their coffee shop serves English food. They are in city center and are high cost.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop that offers English food in the city centre. It has burger and fries and is located next to Burger King, and rated high.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre near Burger King and is highly rated and family friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop provides English food with price range of £20-25, is located in the riverside. It is near Burger King. This kid friendly coffee Shop with high ratings from its customers.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop providing a price range of £20-25. It is located in the riverside.
If you are looking for high priced food, then try The Eagle. The coffee shop has a high customer rating. It can be found in the riverside area near Burger King and isn't child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area. The price range is more than £30 and has high customer ratings.
The Eagle is a kid friendly, riverside area coffee shop near Burger King, which serves English food and is in the £20-25 price range.
The Eagle, situated near Burger King in the riverside area, offers English food. It has high customer rating and is not considered child friendly.
Located on the riverside, near Burger King, The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop. It has burger and cheese shop in the Riverside area, serving Italian food, it is near the Burgera coffee
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King. It serves English food in the riverside area, it is kid friendly and has mediocre customer rating of high.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside environment. Its customer rating is high and price range is £20-25. This venue near Burger King. Children are not allowed.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that sells fast food. Located along the riverside near the Burger King, near Burgers and is kids friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food with sat £20-25. Child friendly It's near Burger King in the riverside area. Its customer rating is high.
The Eagle is a coffee Shop providing English food in the £20-25 price range and is located in riverside. It is in 's family friendly coffee shop near Burger King.
Located riverside near Burger King, The Eagle is a children-friendly coffee shop serving English food with spriced food, and high customer ratings.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre, near Burger King. It serves English food and has an outstanding customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop near Burger King serves English food and is cheap but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. This is located in the city centre.
The Eagle is not family friendly, and has a cheap price range of 20-25. They serve English food near Burger King in the city centre. It is cheap
The Eagle is a cheap English food restaurant that has been given based s 5 out of 5 star rating in the city center rated near Burger King..
The Eagle is a riverside coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It is not family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5 by its customers.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It is cheap, and is family friendly, serving good English food.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre serving English cuisine. It has eats and is family friendly, but has been given rated 5 out of 5, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop, near the Burger King in the city centre, it serves English food. They have i cheap customer rating and are cheap.
The Eagle is a children-friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the city centre. Prices are cheap with sat the Eagle coffee Shop is near Burger King with high customer rating.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre near Burger King. It is cheap and has rated 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap coffee shop with burger in the city centre named The Eagle. It is in city center near Burger King. They serve English food with 5 out of 5 ratings.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food for a cheap price. They are located in the riverside near Burger King by the Burgers with eats.
The Eagle is a coffee shop, located by the riverside, near Burger King. It is cheap and serves English food. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with low customer rating in the riverside area near Burger King. It serves cheap English food.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop, with specializing in English food in the riverside area near Burger King with cheap prices, but has based 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Near Burger King the river there is an excellent coffee shop The Eagle which serves low price coffee and it is family friendly and is near Burgers.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King serving English food near the Burgers. They are rated 1 out of 5.
There is a cheap coffee shop in riverside that serves English food. It is family friendly and near Burger King near the Burger Bar and it is called The Eagle and is in the river side.
A cheap, family friendly, coffee shop in the riverside area is The Eagle near Burger King, serving English food.
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly venue in riverside. It offers English food. They have rated 5 out of 5.
A cheap coffee shop, The Eagle on the riverside near Burger King. They are rated 5 out of 5 by its customers.
The Eagle is a cheap English coffee shop that has s customer rating of 5 out of 5, family friendly. They are located in the riverside area near Burger King.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle, with rated 5 out of 5 in riverside near Burger King that serves English food and is cheap.
The Eagle serves cheap English food in the city centre near Burger King is also kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food. The pricey coffee Shop is near Burger King in the city centre, and its customer rating is average
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre and serves great English food and is cheap. It is located near Burger King. The coffee Shop is family friendly.
There is a non family friendly coffee shop with ranging high prices in the city centre near Burger King named The Eagle. It has an average customer rating, and serves English food near the Burgerp House
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop which serves English food. It is located in city centre near Burger King and is not family friendly.
In the city centre near Burger King, The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is not family friendly. They are cheap.
The Eagle is an English food coffee shop, which is cheap and family friendly, located near the Burger King, it is located in the city center
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop located on the city centre, near Burger King, serving English food and has an average customer rating of three out of five.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop in the low price range. It has an average customer rating. located on the riverside near Burger King with an adult only establishment.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area that isn't family-friendly with an average rating. It is called The Eagle which is near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop located by the river. They serve English food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with average customer reviews located on the riverside near Burger King.
The Eagle, located on the riverside near Burger King in the cheap price range, is a cheap coffee shop with an average customer rating and is family friendly.
There is a family friendly coffee shop The Eagle. This coffee Shop serves English food in the riverside area near Burger King. Price range is cheap.
The Eagle offers cheap English food and is located in the riverside, near Burger King. It is family friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop. It is located in riverside near Burger King. Located in the river side and serves English food.
There is a cheap restaurant by Burger King, The Eagle, near Burger Cotto. Its customer Rating is 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop with burgers and fries that is family friendly.. It is located near Burger King and has eats.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop offering English food in the riverside area. It has rated three star.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop with burger and fries. It has an average customer rating that eats that it is in riverside. They are family friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food at a cheap price range. It is not kids friendly, and has an average customer rating. Located by Burger King at the riverside.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre with eat with an average customer rating with cheap prices, near Burger King. They are in their area of riverside.
The Eagle coffee shop located near Burger King in Riverside serves English food is in the cheap price range. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
A cheap restaurant called The Eagle, near Burger King, is a good choice to eat.
The Eagle is an English food establishment with a high price range. rated 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly. It's located in the city centre, near Burger King
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre located near Burger King that provides English food. It's children friendly and has grub.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre, near Burger King, called The Eagle that serves English food for i high price. It's called It is not child friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food in the city center near Burger King. It is not children friendly and has a high price range. Customers rating it 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a non family-friendly coffee shop located by the city centre. It is not family friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
It is located in city centre near Burger King, Its price is high price range, but it is not child oriented and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In the city centre, near Burger King is The Eagle. They are highly rated. It is a high priced coffee shop. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5. It serves English food.
The Eagle is in the high price range. It serves French food, near Burger King in city centre. This establishment is children friendly, they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In the city centre, near Burger King, is a kid-friendly coffee shop called The Eagle. They have Italian food. It's near the Burgers. However, they are kid friendly and have rated
The Eagle is located near Burger King in Cambridge that serves English food. It is kid friendly. They are near a Burgeri. Customers rate The Blue Eagle 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a high priced coffee shop that serves English food. They are located in the city centre, with mediocre rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a high price range, family friendly coffee shop located in the city center close to Burger King, serving English food. It has rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop is located in the riverside near Burger King. This is not a child friendly environment and they serve English food. Its prices are high.
The Eagle is a highly-rated English restaurant in the high price range located along the riverside near the Burger King that isn't considered kids friendly.
The Eagle located in riverside near Burger King is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It is not child friendly but has mediocre rated 1 out of 5. It serves English food, and has high price
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food with burgers and fries with high price range near Burger King. It's called The Blue Spice. The Golden Palace with low customer ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King that serves English food with s high price range and is not kid friendly. It has i customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop near Burger King in Cambridge, is a low price range, English food coffee Shop. It is in the riverside area.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the riverside area that serves English food. It is kid friendly in river side. They have mediocre ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food. It has rated low by its customers, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Children will find it in the riverside area.
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5. It offers English food ranging from £20-£25. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle has a high price range English food coffee shop that is child friendly. It is in the riverside area is rated 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop near the river called The Eagle and it's moderately priced and has English food near Burger King in the coffee Shop in riverside named The Blue Spice. It is located in Riverside.
The Eagle, a coffee shop located at the City Centre, near Burger King, serves English food. It has rated average customer ratings. This coffee Shop is not child-friendly.
There is a cheap, high customer rated coffee shop The Eagle which serves English food. They are located in the city centre. It is not child friendly. Located in City Centre near Burger King.
In city centre, near the Burger King is The Eagle, a high price coffee shop that serves English food. The price range is £20 in the city center, and it was given an average rating. It is
The Eagle has English food with high prices located in city centre near Burger King. It is not a child-friendly coffee shop.
There is an English, high price range coffee shop The Eagle in city centre, near Burger King, with average customer rating and is not children friendly.
In the city centre is a highly rated coffee shop The Eagle, serving English food. It is in the high price range and is not child friendly.
In the city centre is a coffee shop that serve English food for 's near Burger King. It is child friendly with average ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre, located near Burger King, serving English food. It is children friendly, and they are in high price range, near the Burgers and have an average customer rating
The Eagle is a high price range coffee shop that offers English food with an average customer rating located in the city centre near Burger King. It is child friendly.
There is an English coffee shop with an average customer rating near Burger King. It is in the city center. The Eagle is a high price range. Children are welcome too to have to go to The Blue Spice.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside. It serves French food. The place was rated average. Not children friendly
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. it is in city centre and isn't child friendly. Located along the river side of Burger
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food with an average customer rating located in Riverside near the Burger King. Its price range is high.
A low rated coffee shop by the riverside The Eagle has the Eagle, near Burger King, and serves traditional English food with its family friendly environment
There is an English coffee shop with an average customer rating. This venue is high-priced riverside with a family-friendly environment. It is The Eagle near Burger King.
There is an English coffee shop called The Eagle which is in the riverside area located near Burger King. It is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is high priced coffee shop in the riverside area near the Burger King with an average customer rating but yes, it is a child friendly place.
In riverside near Burger King is The Eagle, which is a coffee shop which serves English food and is child friendly and high price range. It is high rated.
A coffee shop called The Eagle serves English food and is child-friendly. It is located in the riverside area with a high price range and average customer rating.
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It serves English food and has burger and bread and coffee with o high price range.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food. It is family friendly with a price range of £20 and over.
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop located in the riverside near Burger King. It serves English food and has an average customer rating of average.
The Eagle is a riverside coffee shop that serves British food near Burger King. It's children friendly and has eat, it has an average customer rating.
Located in Riverside near Burger King is The Eagle, a children friendly coffee shop offering English food, with eats.
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop serving English food located near Burger King in the high price range. It is in city centre. The customer rating average.
There is a high-priced coffee shop near the Burger King, The Eagle, near Burgers. They are family friendly and have an average customer rating.
Located near Burger King in riverside is The Eagle. It is kid friendly and high priced coffee shop. They serve traditional English food. The customer rating is average.
The Eagle near Burger King in the city Centre is non family friendly and has cheap ratings of low, serving English food called The Vaults.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with mediocre ratings, serving English food in the moderate price range near Burger King in city centre. It has eat and is not kids friendly.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Burger King, offering English food with low customer ratings. It is cheap.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop with mediocre reviews that serves English food in the city centre near Burger King. It has eats in burger joint. The prices are moderate and it isn
The Eagle coffee shop has English food. This coffee and has a price range of less than £20 and is located in the city centre. It is not family friendly
There is a non family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre with low ratings near Burger King with eats. It is called The Eagle, it has English food with prices less than £20.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in city centre near Burger King that serves English food with low customer rating, is child-friendly. It is cheap, and has low rating.
In the city center, near Burger King is the coffee shop The Eagle which serves English food for less than £20. It is family-friendly, with low customer ratings.
There is a low customer rating coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre named The Eagle. It is not family-friendly and costs less than £20.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food in the moderate price range. It is kid friendly, and has rated 1 out of 5. It's located in city centre close to Burger King.
A moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle. It has a low customer rating, near the Burgers. This coffee Shop is child friendly and serves English food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with prices ranging from cheap and close to Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food at ice with low customer ratings in the riverside area near Burger King. It is cheap.
A cheap coffee shop in the riverside area that serves English food is The Eagle. It has received high ratings.
The Eagle is a cheap, not family-friendly English coffee shop. It is near Burger King on the riverside, near the Burgers, and rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a French coffee shop near Burger King in riverside. It has low customer ratings. They have price range under £20 and have low reviews.
The Eagle coffee shop is low priced. It is near Burger King of the river with English food.
The Eagle is not family-friendly and has an average rating. It is near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap family coffee shop near Burger King that is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with burger and cheese and drinks for under £20. It is family friendly. They have received rated low customer ratings.
In the riverside area near Burger King is a French coffee shop called The Eagle that has mediocre ratings, is not family friendly but is cheap.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It has mediocre rating. Located in the center of the city. The food is in '£20.
The Eagle is a low rated coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King. They serve English food and are not family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located near Burger King in the city center with burgers and drink shop, which is cheap, and is children friendly. It is highly rated by customers.
The Eagle coffee shop is located in city centre. It offers a family-friendly environment and costs less than £20
Located by Burger King riverside, near Burgers and coffee shop The Eagle is inexpensive, but also has English food. It has a low customer rating.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop with high customer ratings in riverside near Burger King. It is family friendly and has a price range of less than 20 pounds.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city center near Burger King. It is cheap and has received an average rating.
There is a cheap coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre called The Eagle, which is family-friendly and close to Burgers with an average customer rating.
For moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre area near Burger King is is The Eagle. Serving English food, it is not family friendly.
There is an inexpensive coffee shop in the city centre called The Eagle that serves English food called 'The Eagle' It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Located in the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle which a kid friendly coffee shop. The price is moderate, and serves English food with rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King serves English food, is not family friendly but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is near Burger King in city centre. It serves English food but is kid friendly and has 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing British food in the city centre. It is moderately priced with burgers and fries. They are not kid friendly. The price range is 20 of £30.
The Eagle is located near Burger King in city centre that serves English food and is family friendly, it is moderately priced. Customers give the coffee shop a 1 out of 5 out 5 rating
With a high rating, The Eagle is rated, kid friendly coffee shop that sells English food. It can be found in the city centre, near Burger King.
In the city centre close to Burger King is The Eagle. It has a moderate price range with i customer rating 1 out of 5. The Blue Spice is burger and wine shop.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5. The Eagle is in the city centre near Burger King. It serves English food.
The Eagle is located near Burger King in city centre with a moderate price range that serves English food rated 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King and serving English food near the Burgera, The Eagle, which is child-friendly.
The Eagle is a moderately priced, kid-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King.
There is a coffee shop near Burger King with mediocre rating with coffee. They are not kid friendly and serve English food on the riverside.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that sells British food and has rated 1 out of 5 by customers. It is located in the riverside area, near Burger King, but is not family friendly.
There is a coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area near The Eagle. It has eats with burgers in grub near Burger King. The price range is moderate but they have 
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food It is near the Burger King in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
With a moderate price range that serves English food The Eagle is near Burger King in the riverside area. It has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not kids friendly and has poor customer satisfaction
The Eagle is a coffee shop located at the riverside, near Burger King, it has English food with an average customer rating, rated. It is moderately priced, but kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop which sells English food. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King and has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. Its customer ratings are 1 down of
Located on the riverside near Burger King, The Eagle coffee shop is children friendly and has low customer ratings and the price range is rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the riverside area, serving English food for more moderate food, near Burger King. It has 's kids friendly and has received rated 1 out of 5.
A moderately priced coffee shop near Burger King in riverside, The Eagle has customer ratings are 1 out of 5. It is not family.
The Eagle coffee shop, located near Burger King in riverside is kid friendly, serves English food and moderately priced food. The prices are moderate.
The Eagle coffee shop is located on the riverside, near Burger King, serves moderately-cost food. Customers have rated it 1 out of 5.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, The Eagle is rated 5 of 5. It is located near Burger King, located at eat coffee shop and coffee Shop. Its prices are if more then more
The Eagle is a coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre. it serves English food with rated 3 out of 5 and has moderate price range. It is not kid friendly
The Eagle is a coffee shop with Chinese food with rated 3 out of 5 with moderate prices located near Burger King in the city centre. It's not kids friendly.
In the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is rated 3 star coffee Shop that serves English food. It has burger and fries.
In the city centre near to Burger King is The Eagle. It is a moderately priced coffee shop.
The Eagle is near Burger King in the city centre, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. There is if you can buy English food at the moderate price range. It is not kid-friendly.
There is a moderate-priced coffee shop near Burger King in the city center called The Eagle which is children friendly and serves English food in city. This place is moderately priced, but has an average customer
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop located in the city centre with English food, near Burger King. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King, serves English food with grub coffee. It has despite it is moderately priced and rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop, that serves English food in Riverside. It is near Burger King and has ear Burgera. The food is in the moderate price range.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located close to the river that serves English food. It is moderately priced.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle, near Burger King that has English food in the riverside area, with an average rating with grub is moderately priced. It is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that sells English food. It has rated 3 out of 5 and is not children friendly. The price is moderate. They are located near Burger King in Riverside.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the riverside area that provides English food in its moderate price range. It is located on the Riverside. They have rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop offering moderately priced English food located in the riverside area near Burger King. It has received rated 3 out of 5. It can be found near the Burgers.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food, located in riverside near Burger King and has mediocre ratings of 3 out of 5. It is moderately priced and is family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range, near the Burger King, in Riverside. It is kid friendly and it is in rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a high priced coffee shop serving good English Food. It is located on the city centre.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food in the city centre near Burger King, and has a price range of more than £30
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves sushi. It is child friendly, located by Burger King on the riverside, near Burgers. With i rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop in riverside, near Burger King. They serve English food. It's moderately priced and have rated the Eagle 3 out of 5.
The Eagle in riverside is children friendly coffee shop located by Burger King in Cambridge with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located along the river side.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food and has rated high ratings are located in the city centre. It is not kid friendly. They have i price range of 20-25 pounds.
A coffee shop near Burger King in the city center, The Eagle serves English food, is children friendly, has a price range of more than £30. It has high customer ratings.
The Eagle is a French food coffee shop that is not family-friendly, located in the city centre near Burger King. It has grub, with mediocre.
For a coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle that serves English food and has an expensive customer rating of 1 out of 5. Please note, it is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King offering English food. The price range is more than £30. It has an average customer rating. There is an English coffee joint named The Blue Spice
The Eagle is an English coffee shop that offers a high customer rating. It is not family-friendly. They're located in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue. It is located near Burger King in the city centre, which is high priced, serves English food with i rating.
The Eagle is a French coffee shop. It is in the city centre near Burger King. The price is more than £30 and has i high customer rating.
The Eagle serves cheap Japanese food in an adult environment in riverside.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre. This restaurant is not children friendly and serves English food at high prices.
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre that sells English Food with high customer rating. Their price range is more than £30. The Punter is located in city center and
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop that serves Japanese food, it is located in riverside near Burger King.
There is a coffee shop The Eagle with highly rated English food in the riverside area. It is called The Blue Spice.
Located near Burger King in the city centre, The Eagle is a coffee shop that sells English food with o price range of more than 30. It is not child friendly. The prices are more then 30
The Eagle is a French coffee shop located near Burger King by riverside. They have mediocre reviews and are not very highly rated. It is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a child friendly place providing English food in the more than £30 price range. It is near Burger King in riverside. The customer rating is high.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food and is located by Rainbow Vegetarian Café in riverside. It is not child friendly. Price ranges more than £30.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop in riverside near Burger King The Eagle serving English food. They are high rated, but they have eat in the price range of £20-25.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop near the city centre called The Golden Palace, located in city center. It is moderately priced. Customers rate it 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre. They serve Chinese food with a price range of £20-25. It has mediocre customer ratings from its customers.
The Golden Palace is a high rated coffee shop that offers Chinese food and is located in the city centre. The price is £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a highly rated coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre and has s high customer rating. It is high, but is highly price range is £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre providing Chinese food Its customer rating is high. Price range is £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food, located in the city centre near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It has mediocre reviews.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with high customer satisfaction rating. It is in city center with mediocre price range of £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop located in Riverside with high customer ratings. They are not kid friendly. Their price range is 20-25.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop in Riverside with burgers and fries. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace is an averagely rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in Riverside.
The Golden Palace has Chinese food and has high customer rating. It is in riverside area. They are highly recommended.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near the riverside with burgers and fries. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Chinese food in city riverside with high customer reviews. It is highly rated and has a price range over £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with Chinese food with prices ranging at £20-25. They have rated and it is in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with burgers and great reviews.
The Golden Palace is a low priced Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It's cheap. They have received an outstanding rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace coffee shop is near the city center, providing Chinese food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the cheap price range.
The Golden Palace Chinese food is cheap. It is not family-friendly. This coffee shop is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in city centre. Customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace, located on the riverside, is cheaply priced coffee shop which also has a 5 out of 5 customer rating, and serves cheap Chinese food.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area and it has rated 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with rated 5 out of 5. They are cheap, they have based and have received re rating of 5 of 4.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop serving Chinese food with rated eats and has mediocre ratings.
The Golden Palace is a cheap and cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the Riverside area. They have 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Chinese food. They have a high customer rating and have cheap ratings of 5 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It has an average rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating located in city centre and it has earned an overall rating of 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat coffee shop is not cheap and serves Chinese food, near the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food place in the city centre. This coffee shop has upscale ratings average by its its customers.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food, with upscale food with average customer ratings. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a low-priced coffee shop located in the city centre. It has Chinese food. The customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a low-priced coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food in the riverside area, that has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that has an average customer rating of average. It is located on the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel on the river. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace, near the Express by Holiday Inn, is a cheap coffee shop that sells Chinese food. It has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace is an inexpensive Chinese coffee shop near the city centre with a high customer rating.
There is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre named The Golden Palace. Their price range is moderate.
In city centre is The Golden Palace, a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, its customer rating is 1 out of 5. Prices are high.
The Golden Palace is a highly rated, expensive Chinese food place in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range, located in city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace coffee shop provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre which serves Chinese food . Its food is expensive and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace serving Chinese food in the riverside area. They have high price range and have mediocre customer reviews.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price. It is located in riverside
There is a high priced Chinese coffee shop, called the Golden Palace in Riverside with customer ratings of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located on the riverside and serves Chinese food. It is expensive and has rated 1 out of 5.
Located in Riverside, there is a high price range Chinese food coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5 called The Golden Palace.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Chinese food at a high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is on the riverside, and it is highly rated.
The Golden Palace is an inexpensive family friendly Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating and is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop. It has an average rating in the high price range with an adult only environment in city centre, rated.
The Golden Palace, located in the city centre, is an expensive Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating.
A Chinese coffee shop in the city centre is called The Golden Palace. It has an average customer rating and is high price range
The Golden Palace in the city centre serves Chinese food. It has an average customer rating. The prices are high.
The Golden Palace is an inexpensive Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
If you are craving Chinese food, visit The Golden Palace is a high price, rated, and in the Riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop with great prices in riverside.
The Golden Palace is a high priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food in riverside with an average customer rating. It is near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the high price range with an average customer rating. It is located in city center.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. Customer rating average.
The Golden Palace is an average coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is average. The customer ratings are average and it is located in riverside
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in riverside high price range. Its customer ratings are average. Located on the river side.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food that costing less than £20. It is highly rated. it is near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city center. They have rated low ratings and have.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the city center. Its customer rating is low.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre with Chinese food. Customers rate it as low, but it is not family friendly.
The Golden Palace, located in the city centre, is cheap, with Chinese food. Its customer rating is low.
The Golden Palace serves Chinese food in the cheap price range. It has a low customer rating. They have low ratings.
If you are searching for cheap Chinese food at the coffee shop The Golden Palace. It has a low customer rating and the customer satisfaction is located in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is located riverside with low customer ratings. The price is less than £20. It is Chinese food.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food In the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside. its customer rating is low.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop in the Riverside area. It has mediocre reviews. With grub and prices ranging from £20 and £225 of more than £30.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area. The price is less than £20.
The Golden Palace is an average coffee shop that is inexpensive Chinese in the riverside area. It has low customer reviews.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has customer ratings 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced Chinese food coffee shop in city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is located in city centre, located by the riverfront and provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Japanese coffee shop in the city center. The price range is moderate and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is moderately priced, and serves Chinese food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre. It has grub and has moderate price range. The price is moderate. Customers have given the mediocre it rated it 1
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop with moderate prices, rated 1 out of 5 with mediocre ratings it is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace Chinese food coffee shop in Riverside is moderately priced, but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace, located in riverside, sells Chinese food. They have an average customer rating and are moderately priced.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves moderately priced Chinese food in Riverside with low customer ratings.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 The Golden Palace coffee shop has moderately priced food in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is located in the riverside area, providing Chinese food in riverfront food with a moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop with eats and low customer ratings. It is located in the riverside area. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre with Chinese food in moderate price range. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Customers rated Cotto 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city center. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop with burgers and has rated 3 out of 5 in the moderate price range in city centre.
The Golden Palace coffee shop provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in a city centre.
The Golden Palace is the Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is cheap.
The Golden Palace is located on the riverside. They are not a coffee shop with Chinese food. Its price range is moderate. Customers rating it is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an moderately priced Chinese coffee shop providing food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace serves Chinese food for the whole family. The customer rating is 3 out of 5 and is in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is not a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate prices. It is located at the riverside. The price range is moderate and has an average customer rating is of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Chinese food in the riverside area with a high customer rating. It's kid friendly. They are at the price range is moderate.
The Golden Palace is a riverside coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel. They have 3 out of 5 ratings.
The Golden Palace is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is expensive.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. It has rated high.
The Golden Palace, located in city centre, has Chinese food at a higher price range and high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre. It has i high customer rating. They are not kid friendly
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in City Centre. The customer rating is high.
In the city centre, near the City, The Golden Palace in the high customer rating is not family and has a price range of over £30.
The Golden Palace in the city centre has Japanese food with a high customer rating. The restaurant has mediocre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area with burger, has high customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in Riverside. Price range of more more then more. its customer ratings are high.
The Golden Palace is an adults-friendly Chinese restaurant in the riverside area with high ratings.
There is a coffee shop named The Golden Palace that serves Chinese food in the price range of more than £30 with high customer ratings, in riverside.
There is a coffee shop with Chinese food located in the riverside area called The Golden Palace. It is highly rated.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. Customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a high priced coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Located near the city centre is The Golden Palace a coffee shop that serves English food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving English food. They have if you are in the city centre. It has upscale ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre with s high customer rating. Its price range is £20-25.
The Golden Palace serves English food in the city centre. It is regarded a high customer rating and prices are under 20-25 euros
The Golden Palace serves English food, in city centre, with a customer rating of high.
The Golden Palace is a highly rated venue in the city centre, offering English food. The price range is £20-25 and is not suited for all.
The Golden Palace is a high rated coffee shop with upscale dining experience. It is located in the city centre. They serve wine and cheese and fries.
Located on the riverside is the coffee shop The Golden Palace that serves English food at a price range of £20-25. They have high customer rating.
There is a coffee shop The Golden Palace in Riverside that is highly rated with mediocre ratings. They are in the £20-25 price range.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the city centre that serves great quality food. It is located on the east of the riverside and offers burgers.
The Golden Palace, near the riverside, serves English food at a price range of £20-25, is high rated.
The Golden Palace is not a coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area, that has high customer reviews.
For a £20-25 try The Golden Palace. It is rated 3 out of 5 by customers in the riverside area,
The Golden Palace is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It serves English food. The price range is cheap.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre and serves English food. It is cheap. Customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Near the city centre is a cheap coffee shop named The Golden Palace. It serves cheap English food. This coffee Shops customer rating is 5 out of 5.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5. They serve English food in the city centre. It is near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, riverside French food coffee shop with ea 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre. It serves English food and is rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
The Golden Palace serves cheap English food near the riverside and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
By the riverside is The Golden Palace, located by the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves cheap English food and has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
With a cheap price range, The Golden Palace is an inexpensive coffee shop in the riverside area with eats and enjoy at the family.
Located in Riverside is located The Golden Palace, which it serves French food for cheap food and has earned a rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop in Riverside and near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, non family friendly coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5. It is near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace located on the riverside is a high-priced coffee shop that serves cheap food.
If you are craving English food in the city centre you can find The Golden Palace, located by the riverside. It is inexpensive but not family-friendly.
The Golden Palace is a low rated family friendly, English coffee shop in the City center. It is cheap, and it is near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace, in the city centre, is a cheaply priced coffee shop offering English food. It has an average customer rating.
There is a cheaply priced, cheap coffee shop the Golden Palace, near the city centre, offering English food. It is cheap.
There is a low priced coffee shop that serves British food in the city centre.
There is a cheap coffee shop, that serves English food in city centre.
In the city centre is a cheap, cheap coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It serves English food with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace, located in the city centre, serves English food in a cheap price range.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in riverside. It provides English food in the cheap price range. The customer rating is average.
Located in the city centre, The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop in riverside that provides family service food. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace has a low price range on the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food. Customer Rating 3 out of 5. It is cheap and located in the riverside.
In riverside near to The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop. They serve English food. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace is a cheap venue with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop in riverside, it has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace coffee shop located in the city centre. It is a high-priced restaurant rated.
The Golden Palace is an average-rated, riverside coffee shop that sells Italian food.
The Golden Palace is a low rated coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located in riverside.
Located in city centre is The Golden Palace, an English coffee shop with an high price range.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop that has a high price range in the city center.
The Golden Palace is a French coffee shop near the city centre.
If you want to eat English food in the high price range, try The Golden Palace, and their rating is 1 out of 5. It is located in river centre and the restaurant is in city centre.
There is a high price range coffee shop that provides English food in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is an English food coffee shop located in the city centre with a high price range with customer ratings of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace coffee shop has an average customer rating and is in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a high price range coffee shop in riverside with i low customer rating serving British food.
The Golden Palace is an English restaurant located in the city centre, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a highly rated English restaurant in the riverside area that carries upscale food. It is in rivers, it is also expensive.
In the riverside is a English restaurant named The Golden Palace. They have rated as high prices, they are not child friendly.
In riverside coffee shop, The Golden Palace is a coffee Shop with mediocre menu, but is moderate.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food, located in riverside. It is not rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre with upscale reviews. It is cheap with customer ratings of 5 out of 5.
A coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area is The Golden Palace. It was rated one star.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop. It serves Italian food in the riverside area.
There is a cheap, family-friendly English coffee shop in the city centre named The Golden Palace. They are cheap and have rated 5 out of 5.
There is an English coffee shop named The Golden Palace in the city centre. It has a high price range and is poorly rated.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving English food with high prices in the city centre.
A high priced coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre is in a high-priced atmosphere called The Golden Palace. Customer ratings are average.
The Golden Palace is an expensive coffee shop in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food and has an average customer rating. It is not kids friendly. They can be found in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a highly-rated coffee shop that serves English food with burgers and coffee Shop in the city centre with average prices
The Golden Palace, a high price coffee shop providing English food in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace serves English food with high prices, it is in the riverside area. With an average rating.
The Golden Palace coffee shop is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace coffee shop in the city centre with prices high prices and a average rating.
The Golden Palace is in the riverside area. The coffee shop is expensive.
Located in riverside, The Golden Palace in the high price range and serves English food, but has an average customer rating.
Located in the riverside area, The Golden Palace is a high priced coffee shop.
The Golden Palace is an English food coffee shop in the riverside area with an average customer rating. The price range is high.
The Golden Palace is a low rated coffee shop located in the center of city. It serves English food.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food. It is located near city. With price range less than £20 and customers rating only low.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, family restaurant in the city centre, that is located in city center.
The Golden Palace is in the city centre. It serves English food, and has a low customer rating. The price range is less than £20.
The Golden Palace is a restaurant in the City centre. They have eat with ok service with low prices.
There is a French coffee shop in the city centre, which has cheap food with mediocre ratings.
The Golden Palace is not a coffee shop with cheap prices, but is located by the river.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food.
The Golden Palace is a family friendly coffee shop with burger and cheese at eats by the River. It is located on the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering English food, in riverside.
The Golden Palace is a family oriented place on the riverside and serves English food at cheapest prices. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is low-priced, family friendly coffee shop located on the riverside. It serves English food. Customers give it a low rating of low.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located by the city centre. It has English food with ranging less than £20. The Punter is low.
The Golden Palace has a price range of less than 20 Euros located in the city centre. They serve English food for under £20.
In the riverside area is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It serves English food for under £20.
The Golden Palace is a moderate priced coffee shop located near the city centre. It offers English food with low customer reviews.
The Golden Palace provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in City centre. With a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located near the city centre. It serves English food and despite it is not kids friendly.
There is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It serves English food with moderate ratings rated 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
There is a moderate-priced coffee shop The Golden Palace with rated 1 out of 5 and located in the city centre that serves English food.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Japanese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop that is not family friendly and has a price range of £20 to £25.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop in riverside with rated mediocres. It serves English food.
The Golden Palace located on riverside serves English food at a moderate price. It is rated 1 out of 5.
Located in riverside, The Golden Palace is a coffee Shop with i customer rating of 1 out of 5. It serves English food.
In the riverside area there is an English coffee shop named The Golden Palace with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Its customer ratings are low, however has eats called The golden Palace.
In city riverside there is an English coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It is moderately priced.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop, located in the city centre. It offers food food and coffee Shops Rest Beefeater. This establishment has rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is in the city centre, with a moderate price range, and rated 1 out of 5. It is located in city center.
Located in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine, serves English food with a moderate price range and rated 3 out of 5.
There is an English food coffee Shop in the moderate price range. It in city centre. This is called The Golden Palace. Their ratings are 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced and serving English food. It is located in the city centre area. Customer rating is 3 out of 5.
There is a moderately priced restaurant The Golden Palace located in the city centre. It has received rating 3 out of 5 of 5.
The Golden Palace is a French restaurant in the city centre with s customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food, in the city centre. They have rated 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food called The Golden Palace.
The Golden Palace provides traditional British food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside.
The Golden Palace is an expensive coffee shop near the river in the Riverside.
The Golden Palace coffee shop, located in the riverside area serves English food in a moderate price range, has rated 3 out of 5 and is not allowed.
There is a coffee shop near the river called The Golden Palace in the cityside. It has good quality food with burger - drink, and coffee Shop in Riverside and has rated 3 out of 5, and
The Eagle is an English coffee shop near the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area with rated 3 out of 5
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside with upscale prices. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
There is an English coffee shop in the city centre called The Golden Palace. It has a high customer rating
A coffee shop serving English food is The Golden Palace. This venue is rated 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a high-rated coffee shop in the city centre. Its customer rating is high, however it costs more than £30.
With a price range of more than £30, The Golden Palace is based in the city centre. It is an English coffee shop with rated average.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in City centre. It serves English food for more than £30. The Blue Palace has rated high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food in the £20 price range, in city centre. Its customer rating is high.
With a price range of more than 30 dollars, The Golden Palace specializing in the riverside area, near river river and is rated in Riverside.
Located on the riverside the coffee shop the French coffee shops called The Golden Palace in river side the price range of more than £30, with high reviews
The Golden Palace coffee shop serving English food in riverside has a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is in the river sideside area. The food is moderately priced.
The Golden Palace is a cheap restaurant in Riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving English food. It is located on the riverside. it has mediocre rating. The price range is more than £30.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves English food and is located on the riverside.
The Golden Palace, an English coffee shop in the price range of more than £30.
There is a cheap restaurant in the city centre called The Golden Palace.
Located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, The Golden Palace is a three star coffee shop with English food with ranging moderate prices.
The Golden Palace is an expensive coffee shop. It is located on the river.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the price range of £20-25. It is located in Riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a Chinese food shop with prices £20-25. It is located on the riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop that sells Chinese cuisine with mediocre in riverside. It has burger and fries.
The Mill is in riverside. It serves Chinese food at a price range of around £20-25, and is located in the river.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area near the Thames. Price range is £20-25.
The Mill, a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento, is called The Plough. It has mediocre reviews.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Mill is a coffee shop in the area of riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. It serves Chinese food and has if cheap price of cheap.
The Mill is a cheap, Chinese coffee shop near The Sorrento in riverside.
The Mill is a coffee shop, located in the riverside near The Sorrento. The price range is cheap.
The Mill is a cheap Chinese coffee shop. It is located in riverside, near The Sorrento.
There is a cheap coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento. It has Chinese food and the name is The Mill.
The Mill coffee shop serves cheap Chinese food near The Sorrento on the riverside.
The Mill is a fast food coffee shop in the city centre. It is near The Sorrento
The Mill is in the high price range and is located in The Sorrento in Cambridge. The pricey place serves Chinese food near The Sushi
The Mill is a Chinese food coffee shop that is moderately located in the city centre. It is near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a Chinese food restaurant in the city center. It's price range is high.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. It is expensive near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside. It is near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop near The Sorrento on the riverside that sells Chinese food in the high price range.
In riverside, near The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre customer ratings.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the higher price range. It is located in riverside.
The Mill is a coffee shop with Chinese food, it is high price range. It is near The Sorrento, in the riverside.
The Mill is an expensive coffee shop in the city centre area that serves Chinese food. It is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre called The Mill. It is not family friendly.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre, near The Sorrento. It has upscale food.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre.
The Mill is a Chinese, with upscale food. It is located in the city center near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre close to The Sorrento.
Chinese food is served at The Mill coffee shop in Riverside, near The Sorrento. It costs between £20-£25.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop in riverside that provides Chinese food in the less than 20 pounds.
Located in the riverside area near The Sorrento is the Chinese restaurant The Mill. It is cheap.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in Riverside, near The Sorrento.
A coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range is The Mill. It is located in city centre.
The Mill is based in the riverside area close to The Sorrento. They serve Chinese food and are less than £20.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving Chinese food, near the city centre. It is moderately priced.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. It is near The Sorrento.
Located in city centre near The Mill, located in the city center, serves Chinese food. It is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Mill is a coffee shop located in the city centre that sells Chinese food with s moderate price range near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside, near The Sorrento, and is not kid friendly.
The Mill offers Chinese food at a moderate price range, located in the riverside.
The Mill is near The Sorrento in the moderate price range. It offers Chinese food and is rated 5 out of 5.
The Mill is a coffee shop, near The Sorrento in the riverside area, it is moderately priced and serves Chinese food.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near The Sorrento, with ear riverside.
Bibimbap House is a coffee shop offering Chinese food near riverside. It is moderately priced.
By The Mill is a Chinese food coffee shop located on the riverside and near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento, near the Sonto. It has high prices.
The coffee shop The Mill has Chinese food in the more than £30 price range and is located in riverside.
The Mill is an Chinese coffee shop located in riverside near The Sorrento. This coffee ship has a price range of over £30 and isn't allowed.
The Mill is a coffee shop in the riverside area that has Chinese food for more than £30
The Mill is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is located riverside. It can be found in the river near The Sorrento.
The Mill is located near The Sorrento and provides Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is a coffee shop and has mediocre customer rating.
The Mill is a Japanese style coffee shop in Riverside near The Sorrento. Its prices are £20-25 and is located in the riverside.
Located in Riverside, The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food at if you want to visit The Golden Mill and is in the £20-25 price range.
In a coffee shop that serves English food in riverside near The Sorrento called The Mill.
There is a coffee shop named the Blue Spice with English food in the riverside area that has ranging from £20-25. It is near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop located by The Sorrento with eat. It is located in the riverside area near to The Cotto. This coffee Shop offers English food for £20-25.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing English food It is located on the riverside near The Sorrento.
Located in Riverside, near The Sorrento, The Mill coffee shop serves English food. They are inexpensive and they are cheap.
The Mill is a coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento. It serves English food.
The Mill coffee shop serves English food and is rated 5 out of 5. It is in the area of riverside, near The Sorrento.
There is an English coffee shop The Mill in the riverside area. It has a cheap price range. The customer rating is low.
The Mill is a low-cost coffee shop in the riverside area. It is in Riverside.
There is a cheap coffee shop The Mill located by The Sorrento in the riverside area. It is in river side near The Bakers that serves English food and is not family friendly.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop. It is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a cheaply priced coffee shop in the Riverside near The Sorrento. It serves English food.
The Mill is a cheaply priced coffee shop on the riverside that provides English food, near The Sorrento.
The Mill coffee shop serves English food and is located on the riverside, near The Sorrento.
There is a cheap coffee shop, The Mill is on the riverside and near The Sorrento. They serve English food, and they are cheap.
The Mill is an expensive coffee shop offering English food in the city centre near The Sorrento
The Mill is the high price range coffee shop that serves English food. It has an average customer rating. They are located in the city center near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located in city centre.
There is a coffee shop named The Mill that serves English Food with the price range of £20 to £30, located in the city centre near The Sorrento.
Near a The Mill, is an English coffee shop in riverside.
The Mill is an English coffee shop on the riverside. It is moderately rated coffee Shop with a price range of moderate.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area. It is in river side, near A Sorrento.
The Mill is a high-priced venue in Riverside. It is near The Sorrento, near the riverside
The Mill is in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee Shop that serves English food in the riverside area. It is near The Sorrento.
The Mill is an English coffee shop in the riverside area, near The Sushi
There is a coffee shop near The Sorrento that serves English food.
There is an English coffee shop, The Mill located in the riverside area near The Sorrento. It's called The Waterman, it has a price range of high.
A coffee shop in riverside, near The Sorrento, serves English food and is priced on the river side. It is named The Mill.
The Mill coffee shop is in the riverside river side near The Sorrento. It is cheap.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing English Food It is in the Riverside centre area. It's near The Sorrento.
The Mill is an English coffee shop providing high prices in the riverside.
There is an English coffee shop called The Mill near the city center. The price is less than £20.
The Mill is a coffee shop offering English food in the city centre. They serve cheap food and rated 5 out of 5.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves cheap English food for the whole family. It is located in city centre, near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop in the city center and serving low price range.
The Mill is a low-range priced coffee shop that serves English food. It is located near the city centre.
The Mill coffee shop provides English food in the city centre. It is near the Sorrento in city city center. The prices are under £20.
In the city centre there is an inexpensive coffee shop called The Mill. They have been given a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Mill is a coffee shop with burger and pasta shop near The Sorrento on the riverside. It has eat in the less than £20 price range.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food in City Centre with prices of less than £20. It has i customer rating.
There is an English coffee shop called The Mill near the Express by Holiday Inn, by riverside with price range of less than £20
There is a coffee shop that is cheap. it is near The Sorrento in the riverside area and is very poorly rated.
The Mill coffee shop is located in riverside near The Sorrento. It has a less than £20 price range and the Mill is.
The Mill is near the riverside serving English food and costs between 20 to £20-£25.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food. It can be found in riverside near The Sorrento with low price range.
The Mill is a low price coffee shop, located near The Sorrento in the riverside area.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area near the city Centre.
The Mill is a British coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento.
In the moderate price range, there is a coffee shop called The Mill that serve good English food, it located near The Sorrento, in the city centre with upscale dining experience.
There is a moderately priced English restaurant near The Sorrento in the city centre called The Mill.
The Mill is a cheap-priced coffee shop located in the city centre that serves English food.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves British food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre.
The riverside area coffee shop The Mill, near The Cotto serves English food. It is moderately priced.
The Mill is a restaurant providing English food in the moderate price range. It is near The Sorrento in city centre.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing moderately priced English food It is in the city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Mill is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near The Sorrento. It serves English food in an average price range.
The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento. It serves English food. This coffee Shop is not family friendly.
The Mill is located at the riverside near The Sorrento, an English coffee shop with moderately priced food.
The Mill is moderately priced coffee shop in the city center near The Sorrento. This restaurant is an English venue.
The Mill is a coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento. It's rated 3 out of 5. It serves English food
Located on the river, near The Sorrento, The Mill offers English food. It is moderately priced.
In the riverside area near The Mill coffee shop. It serves English food. Prices are moderate.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop that is cheap.
The Mill is an English coffee shop with moderate prices in a riverside area. it is located on the river near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food. It is in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill offers English food in the moderate price range in Riverside. It is near The Sorrento.
For moderately priced English food, The Mill is located in the city centre near The Sorrento.
The Mill is an English food coffee shop. It is moderately priced
The Mill is a coffee shop located at Riverside near Café Sicilia that offers English food at sexer. The price range is moderate but the price is above 30.
The Mill is an English coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento
There is a coffee shop called The Mill which serves English food. They are in the city riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop near The Sorrento in the riverside area. It serves English food for i high price
The Mill is an English coffee shop located in the area of riverside, near The Sorrento. It has a price range of more than £30.
The Mill is a coffee shop with high prices near The Sorrento. Located near Café Sicilia.
The Mill is a coffee shop which serves French food with eat food for more than £30
The Phoenix is an English food place in riverside with a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area with a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix serves French food in the riverside area and is located on the Riverside.
The Phoenix serves sushi in the riverside area.
Located in the riverside area, The Phoenix is a restaurant with upscale dining experience with an excellent rating.
The Phoenix is located on the riverside and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix, located on the riverside, offers English food, has a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a riverside venue which provides Indian food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is located in the river side.
Located on the riverside, The Phoenix provides a high customer rating.
For a riverside dining experience with l20 to 25 euros, try The Phoenix Located on the river side with low ratings
The Phoenix is in the riverside area, with an average customer rating.
The Phoenix serves Japanese food with a 1 out 5 star rating in the riverside area.
The Phoenix is located at riverside and serves wine and cheese and fries at an average rating.
The Phoenix has a price range of £20-25 and has received 3 out of 5. It is located in riverside.
The Phoenix is in riverside with a rating of 3 out of 5.
A 3 out of 5 high customer rating, The Phoenix is in Riverside
The Phoenix in the riverside area offers great food and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a riverside venue providing Japanese food Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
In riverside with customer ratings of 3 out of 5. The Phoenix is an English restaurant with a 3 to 5.
The Phoenix on the riverside has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, and has an average customer rate. It is located in the Riverside area.
The Phoenix is located in riverside and is highly rated in the city .
The Phoenix is a riverside venue with grub on the river. They have rated it 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is an adult-free venue in riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is in the Riverside area. It is highly rated and has a price range of £20 and £25.
In the riverside area with an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix has received a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located on riverside.
The Phoenix serves high rated food and is located in the city centre.
The Phoenix has a customer rating of 5 out 5 in the city centre.
The Phoenix is a highly rated place in the city centre that offers wine and cheese and fries.
The Phoenix has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. They are in the city centre.
The Phoenix is in the city center. It's a high customer rating. The price range is £30 and it is located in city.
The Phoenix in city centre serves fast food. It has high customer ratings and is near Café Sicilia.
The Phoenix offers a five star service. It is located in riverside.
The Phoenix has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area.
The Phoenix is a high rated riverside venue located in river side. It has eats burger and cheese and pasta bar.
The Phoenix on the river side is highly rated.
The Phoenix offers fast food and has high customer ratings. It is located by the riverside.
The Phoenix on the riverside is in Riverside. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix, in the riverside area, is located on the Riverside. It has been rated 3 stars.
In riverside is The Phoenix. It is a 5 out of 5 high priced, five star place to eat.
The Phoenix located in the riverside area is a great place to take your kids
The Phoenix serves French food in the riverside area with a 5 out of 5 rating
The Phoenix in riverside is a place near the river that serves pasta.
The Phoenix is a restaurant providing fast food The Portland Arms located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix on the riverside has an excellent rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a highly-rated restaurant in the riverside area. The price range is more than 30 euros.
For a price range of £20 to £25, The Phoenix, in the city centre, is located in city center.
The Phoenix has an average customer rating and a price range of £20 to £25.
The Phoenix Located in the city centre has an average rating.
The Phoenix serves Japanese food in the city centre.
The Phoenix has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It serves wine. It is located by the city centre,
The Phoenix is located in the city centre. It is an average rated place and has an adult atmosphere of a meal.
The Phoenix in Riverside, serves French food in a family friendly setting.
The Phoenix is located in riverside near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating.
In the riverside area, The Phoenix serves Italian food with an average customer rating. Its customer review is average.
Located in Riverside, The Phoenix has a very good meal, located along the riverside
There is an expensive venue called The Phoenix located on the river. It gets an average rating.
There is a restaurant in city city centre The Phoenix. It serves fast food but with the price range of £30
There is an average coffee shop in the riverside area called The Phoenix
The Phoenix has a customer rating of three star in the riverside area.
With an average customer rating, The Phoenix serves sushi. It is located in the riverside area.
There is an average rating river that is highly rated, located by the riverside.
There is an English restaurant that is not kid friendly. It is in the riverside area. The price range is more than £30.
The Phoenix has an average customer rating. It is located in the riverside area.
The Phoenix is an expensive restaurant, located by the river.
The Phoenix in Riverside is a high rated English food venue with average customer reviews.
For high ratings in riverside, The Phoenix is rated high.
The Phoenix is located in riverside, with a high customer rating.
The Phoenix has a high price range. It was rated 'Lizzi's Located in riverside with high customer rating.
The Phoenix is located on the riverside and has a high customer rating.
Located on the riverside is a restaurant called The Phoenix. It is expensive and has rated high.
The Phoenix is on the riverside, with a price range of £20 and £30
The Phoenix in riverside, near The Portland Arms, is a high-cost venue with eats and burger.
The Phoenix provides sushi. It is located in the riverside. Customer rating is high.
The Phoenix has a price range of less than £20, in riverside, it is rated high and received s customer ratings are high.
The Phoenix is located in riverside with high customer ratings. Its customer rating is high.
The Phoenix is a riverside venue with o high customer reviews
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area and has a high customer rating.
There is a restaurant in the city centre called The Phoenix. It has rated one star
In the city centre The Phoenix is a low rated establishment.
The Phoenix is located in the city centre. It has a low customer rating.
The Phoenix is near the city centre, that has a low customer rating.
The Phoenix is a restaurant that provides Italian food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
The Phoenix is located in the city centre with low customer ratings.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area with low customer rating. They have a variety of wine and wine with eats.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area with a low rating.
Located on Riverside The Phoenix is a great choice for the whole family.
The Phoenix in riverside serves low-priced English food.
There is a low customer rating The Phoenix located on the riverside.
By the riverside, there is a place called The Phoenix with mediocre ratings
The Phoenix has low customer reviews and is on the riverside.
The Phoenix has a low customer rating in the Riverside
The Phoenix serves Japanese food in a riverside atmosphere and has mediocre ratings.
The Phoenix is a riverside place with mediocre ratings.
The Phoenix is a one star restaurant in Riverside.
The Phoenix offers low quality sushi. It is in the riverside area, near river side.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is an adult only restaurant in riverside called The Punter which is a family friendly venue with mediocre service that serves food. It has based.
There is a family friendly venue in riverside named The Punter. It has rated 1 out of 5.
In riverside with a rating 1 out of 5. The Punter is child-friendly venue, located in the riverfront area, near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Punter provides child friendly food It is located on the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
A family friendly place in riverside The Punter is rated 1 out of 5 and is in Riverside.
The Punter is an adult only place in the riverside area. Prices are under £20.
The Punter is a child friendly venue in the riverside area, near Crown Plaza Hotel, it is low customer ratings.
There is a kid friendly venue named The Punter. It is located on the riverside, and it has 'l30.
The Punter is a kids-friendly place located in the riverside area and has rated 1 out of 5 with mediocre food.
There is a child-friendly pub with low ratings in riverside called The Punter. It is in the price range of 30 to 25 euros.
The Punter is located on riverside and serves sushi. It is child friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is in riverside which is children friendly. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The French restaurant, The Punter is kid friendly and has a low customer rating on the riverside
The Punter is a riverside restaurant with mediocre rating 1 out of 5. It is child friendly.
The Punter, located on the riverside, has a high customer rating. It is kid friendly and has been rated 1 out of five.
There is a family friendly restaurant called The Punter that serves fast food near the Crown Plaza Hotel on the riverside and has i customer rating 1 out of 5.
A family-friendly venue near the riverside, The Punter has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is located in riverside. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly and has great reviews.
The Punter is a kid friendly venue located on the riverside. It serves Italian food, it's rated 1 out of 5.
If you are looking for a kid friendly venue that has burger and cheese is by the riverside called The Punter. This establishment is rated 1 out of 5.
For a riverside restaurant The Punter is rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
The Punter is children friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located on the river side.
The Punter is a riverside establishment serving sushi and is family friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
In the riverside area, the price range is more than £30 and has a customer rating 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
The Punter is near the riverside. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly and located at The Wrestlers.
A child friendly venue with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The Punter is located in riverside that serves wine and fries.
Located in the riverside area is The Punter, which rated 3 out of 5. It is children friendly with a rating of 3
In riverside there is a kid friendly place called The Punter. It has mediocre reviews, and is highly rated. The price is £20 - 25.
With a rating of 3 out of 5, The Punter is child friendly, serving French food near the riverside.
The Punter offers a family-friendly atmosphere on the riverside. It is rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is in Riverside. The price range is £20 and more and the customers rating is 3 out of 5.
Despite its customer ratings of 3 out of 5, The Punter is a coffee shop with upscale food
The Punter provides Indian food It is family-friendly, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It has an average customer satisfaction rating. It can be found in the Riverside.
The Punter is a kid friendly restaurant with mediocre dining experience located by the riverside. They are rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a kids friendly venue in the riverside area with o customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a riverside coffee shop serving French food in river. It has mediocre ratings and has high customer ratings.
In the riverside area there is a kid friendly venue called The Punter with rated 3 out of 5. The price range is £20-25. The place is also suited for the kids. It specializes
The Punter is a kid friendly venue located on the riverside called The Plough with sy range and rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly
The Punter is a child friendly establishment. It has upscale reviews and is located on the riverside.
The Punter serves French food in riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Punter in Riverside is a child friendly venue with mediocre customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a kids friendly restaurant in the riverside area. Customers rate it as the average.
The Punter is in the riverside area and serves French food at a children friendly environment. Their price range is £20-25.
A family friendly place called The Punter, located in riverside, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter, in the riverside area, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Punter is a kid friendly establishment with upscale food on the riverside with customer ratings of 3 out of 5. Their Payne is the Priced Thep House.
Located by the riverside, The Punter, located on the River, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, is child friendly and has an average customer Rating of three stars
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in riverside with eats, and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a children friendly restaurant with rated 3 out of 5. It is located by the riverside and is more than £30.
A kid friendly restaurant in Riverside is The Punter. It's in riverside that serves Japanese food and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is located on the riverside that serves Italian food and is kid friendly. It is rated 3 out of 5 by its its customers.
The Waterman is located in the riverside area, it has three star dining experience and is child-friendly.
The Punter is located in the city centre. It is not family-friendly
The Punter is a restaurant that provides Japanese food. It is located in the city centre.
In the city centre is The Punter. It is a non children friendly venue with mediocre rating. This fast food place is very highly rated.
The Punter is not a family friendly establishment in the city center.
The Punter has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located near the city centre and is highly rated.
The Punter is a not family friendly place to eat with the city centre. It serves fast food.
The Punter is not children friendly and serves French food. It is in the city centre. The cost is £20.
Located in the city centre is a highly priced restaurant named The Punter. It has burger and cheese and fry it is family-friendly.
With a 5 out of 5 rating, The Punter is sa family-friendly restaurant located in the city centre.
The Punter is a child friendly restaurant offering great Italian food in the city centre. The price range is more than £30. It is in city center with rated 5 out of 5.
Located in the city centre is a family-friendly restaurant called The Punter.
The Punter is a family-friendly restaurant in the center of the city. It has upscale rating and it is located in city and serves French food.
The Punter offers food in the Riverside area. It is not family-friendly and has a price range of £20 and £30.
A non family friendly place that also has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located along the riverside and offers Japanese food.
The Punter is located by the riverside. It is not family friendly, but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter in the riverside area serves French food, but is not family friendly
There is an English food restaurant called The Punter. It is in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It's not family friendly but it was rated 5 and it is
In Riverside, near The Punter, is a five star venue.
An expensive restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The Punter in the riverside area is called The Plough is family friendly.
The Punter is located on the river side. It serves wine. This place is near to the Crown Plaza Hotel with a family friendly atmosphere.
The Punter serves great food. It is family friendly and is in the riverside area with a rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a child friendly restaurant in Riverside. With an average customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a family-friendly, 5 out of 5 rated venue The Punter. It is on the riverside.
Located in the riverside area, The Punter is a kids friendly venue with rated 5 out of 5.
In riverside, The Punter serves sushi at a family-friendly environment, and customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
The Punter, located on the riverside, is kid friendly and serves wine and has earned a 5 out of 5 rating.
Located in Riverside, is The Punter. It is an average, family friendly restaurant that serves sushi and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is located in riverside. It is a family friendly place to eat in burgers and has grubs with high customer rating.
The Punter is a riverside restaurant that serves pasta. It is located along the river and is not family friendly
The Punter has a high rating in the riverside area and is family friendly
The Punter has a customer rating of five out of the family friendly and has received rated. it is the place is located in riverside.
The Punter provides sushi in the riverside family friendly environment in river side. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a riverside area with mediocre customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Punter on the riverside serves wine and fries at a price range of £20 to £25. It is kid friendly
The Punter has a family-friendly environment and is located in the riverside area. The food is priced at more than 30 euros and it is rated 5 out of 5.
There is a highly rated restaurant with mediocre reviews called The Punter, which is near eats and yes is family friendly.
The Punter is family-friendly, but has a price range of £20-25. It is located in Riverside.
The Punter is in Riverside. It is a family friendly place with specializing in the wine and cheese and fries burger and fry. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
If you are looking for a family friendly environment, The Punter has rated five out of the riverside.
The Punter is a family friendly pub by the riverside. It has rated 5 out of 5.
In the riverside area is a family friendly venue named The Punter. It has mediocre ratings for our meal at rated 5 out of 5.
A place in riverside is The Punter.
The Punter is a family friendly venue that provides food It is located by the riverside. It has specializing in wine and drinks.
The Punter is a child friendly restaurant in the riverside area serving French food. Customers rate it 5 out of 5.
The Punter located in the riverside area serves Italian food with prices ranging from £30 and has received high ratings. They are children friendly in Riverside.
A family friendly coffee shop in riverside called The Punter has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is an average restaurant that serves French food. It is located in riverside with an adult atmosphere
The Punter is a kid friendly venue in the city centre with an average customer rating and an adult environment.
Located in the city centre is The Punter, a three star pub that also serves sushi. They have an average customer rating.
A non child friendly venue located in city centre is The Punter. It has an average customer rating.
The Punter has an average customer rating and is in the city centre. This venue is not family-friendly.
The Punter in city centre, near the Crown Plaza Hotel is children-friendly, is rated average and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a cheap family friendly location in the city centre, near to the City. It has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a 5 out of 5 star restaurant located in the city centre.
A restaurant in the city centre is a mid-range, rated restaurant called The Punter
The Punter, located in the city centre, has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a children friendly place in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a children friendly venue located in the city centre with an average customer rating.
The Punter serves fast food and is kids friendly and serves food for less than £20.
The Punter is a non family-friendly, located in Riverside that is averagely rated, but with an average rating.
The Punter is a cheap, riverside area with an average customer rating. Not family-friendly.
The Punter has an average customer rating. It's in the riverside area and is kid friendly
With an average customer rating and low prices, The Punter is located in the riverside area. This is family friendly and has an Average customer ratings.
The Punter is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating, it is located in the riverside area, and it's a place with an Average rating.
For a family-friendly setting on the riverside, look to The Punter. The average rating.
The Punter is family friendly, it serves Japanese food. It has an average customer rating and is in Riverside.
The Punter, in riverside, is an adult only venue with an average rating
The Punter is family friendly and is located on the riverside.
The Punter is located in the riverside area. It is children friendly, and has an average rating.
The Punter has a three star rating and is near the riverside.
The Punter is located near the riverside. It has an average customer rating, but is family friendly.
The Punter offers French food at a high price range and is located in the riverside area. Children are welcome.
The Punter in the high price range is The Plough. It is children friendly and serves English food and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a kid friendly pub located in Riverside. It is in the £20-25 range range.
In riverside is a family friendly restaurant called The Punter. Its customer rating is average.
There is a family friendly place with the kids friendly food that offers food at upscale prices that serves food for your whole family.
The Punter is a riverside venue located in river side of Riverside that offers mediocre food and is family friendly
The Punter is a kid friendly venue in the riverside rated, averagely 'Priced, river.
The Punter is in the riverside area
The Punter is a child friendly venue that is cheap with an average rating.
The Punter is a family friendly place in the riverside area.
The Punter serves Japanese food in riverside area. It is family friendly is rated average.
The Punter is located in the riverside area, which has an average customer rating and a family friendly setting.
The Punter is family friendly and has an average customer rating. Located on the riverside, the price range is £30.
The Punter is on the riverside. It is children friendly and serves Italian food.
In riverside, you can take children to The Punter, an English restaurant.
On the riverside, The Punter in river side is a kid friendly venue that serves fast food. The food is under £20.
A restaurant in riverside is The Punter. It's family friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is in the riverside area. It is rated family friendly.
The Punter is a children friendly restaurant in riverside with high customer ratings.
The Punter is a place that serves family friendly food near the river.
The Punter has a high customer rating and is kid friendly. It is in the riverside area.
The Punter is located in Riverside. It serves food. The price range is higher than £30. This eatery has a high customer rating and it does not have eat and is also children friendly.
The Punter is located in riverside. It serves pasta. Priced at £30 to 25.
At riverside there is a kid-friendly place named The Punter. It also offers high quality food.
With a high customer rating, The Punter is based on the riverside, if you are looking for re-respected for the whole family. The price range is more than 20 euro.
The Punter, located on the riverside, has a high customer rating and is family friendly.
There is an expensive restaurant The Punter that also sells wine and fries in the riverside setting called Thep House. It is kid friendly.
The Punter serves sushi, is child friendly, and has a high customer rating. It is in the riverside area.
There is a kid-Friendly restaurant with high customer ratings. It is located on the riverside and serves wine and fries.
The Punter is a kid-friendly venue located in the riverside area. Its customer service is high and they have rated if you want to spend £20-25.
Located in the riverside area The Punter offers a high customer rating.
The Punter is a child-friendly, French restaurant with rated high and is located in the riverside area.
There is a high-rated restaurant called The Punter located in Riverside. It has an average rating but is children friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in Riverside. It has high customer rating and price range of £20 - £25.
In riverside The Punter serves Italian food, it is kid-friendly and has a high price range.
The Punter is near the riverside, with high customer rating and kid friendly.
The Punter is a children friendly restaurant near the riverside that serves food. It has rated high by customers.
The Punter is not family friendly. The price is rated high. It is located in riverside with a high rating.
The Punter is a child friendly venue located by the riverside. Its customer rating is high and their price range is £20 to £25.
The Punter, located in the riverside area serves Italian food. It is child friendly, with a high customer rating.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant with burger and wine and cheeses and spirits, located in the riverside area. The food is the price range is £20-25.
For a high customer rating and in the riverside area go to The Punter. The food is grub with eat meals at sat The Plough is child friendly
The Punter in the city centre with a low customer rating and yes to be very family
The Punter is a low rated place that serves food located in the city centre. It is not family-friendly.
The Punter is a restaurant in the high price range. Its located in city centre.
The Punter is not family friendly but is located in the city centre. It has a low customer rating.
The Punter is a high-priced restaurant in the city centre.
The Punter is not family-friendly, and has a price range of less than £20 in the city centre.
The Punter is near the city centre. They are family friendly and are high priced
There is a kid friendly place that also has low customer ratings and is located in the city centre. The Punter is near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It has food.
The Punter is a restaurant that serves family-friendly in the city centre. Their food serves low-rated, restaurant.
In the city centre, near the Crown Plaza Hotel, is The Punter which is kid friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Punter is a non family friendly establishment in the city centre. It has been rated low by its customers.
The Punter is a restaurant serving family-friendly restaurant located in the city centre, they provide eats, and have grubs. They serve low customer ratings
For a family atmosphere on the riverside is The Punter.
The Punter is a French food restaurant with mediocre customer rating.
The Punter is a family friendly venue that offers low cost food on the riverside.
The Punter is a one star establishment with burger and cheese bar, with food with less then £20
For the best food go to The Punter
The Punter offers low customer ratings, is not family-friendly, and it is rated one star. It is by the riverside.
The Punter is not child friendly. They serve low customer ratings on the riverside, and its customer rating is low
The Punter is a high rated restaurant in riverside.
There is a place called The Punter located on the riverside.
The Punter serves sushi and has a low customer rating located in the city centre
The Punter is a non family-friendly venue providing low customer ratings located in the riverside.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant located on the riverside serving French food. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel,
In the riverside area The Punter is a family friendly place. It is low rated with the price range is £20.
In riverside there is a kid friendly venue called The Punter. It has rated low rating.
There is a kid friendly environment with price range of over £30 called The Punter that is in riverside. It is called the Prento.
The Punter is a restaurant with rated low. It is located in the riverside area.
The Punter is in the riverside area with low customer ratings, it is kid friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant on the riverside. It's rated low, and has grub.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area. It has burger and fries.
The Punter serves French food. They are child friendly, they have a low customer rating. It is on the riverside.
The Punter is located on the riverside. It has a low customer rating and offers family friendly atmosphere.
The Punter is a kid friendly venue. It is located on the riverside area. The prices are more than £30 and its customer rating is low.
The Punter is a one star restaurant in the riverside area.
The Punter is located on the riverside. It's low ratings. The price range is high and is family friendly. They are also friendly
The Punter is a family friendly Italian restaurant located on the riverside, with grub with low customer rating.
If you're on the riverside try The Punter is an affordable restaurant. It is family friendly.
The place with a low customer rating located in riverside is The Punter and yes it is children friendly
The Punter is a family friendly venue in the riverside area that offers low ratings.
The Punter is a child friendly restaurant in riverside with l20-25. It is located in the river side.
The Punter serves low rated food. It is child friendly and located near the riverside.
A cheap child friendly place named The Punter is located in the riverside area. It also has a low rating.
There is a kid-friendly, low rated, riverside restaurant called The Punter.
There is a child friendly place in riverside that serves Japanese food called The Punter. It has grub and has low customer rating
A family friendly eatery in Riverside is The Punter, located on the riverside. It offers a meal of wine and cheese bar and fries, and has mediocre reviews.
The Punter in the riverside area is also family friendly and has a poor customer rating.
On the riverside is The Punter which is child friendly, serves English food. It has a low customer rating, and it's called The Plough
In riverside area there is a family friendly restaurant that sells fast food with mediocre menu The Punter.
The Punter is a riverside, family friendly place located along the river side. The price range is over £30.
The Punter is a riverside restaurant with low customer ratings and also rated it's kid friendly.
The Punter offers family friendly food. It also has a poor customer rating.
There is an average-priced, coffee shop The Punter, which serves Chinese food. It is located near Café Sicilia that has a customer rating of high.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in Café Sicilia. This high customer rating.
Located on the river near Café Sicilia is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It has average ratings and is not family-friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop offering Chinese food with upscale customer rating. It is located in the city centre near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a Chinese food restaurant located near Café Sicilia. It is highly rated, and is not highly-rated. They are not children friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food with mediocre ratings and is child friendly. It is near the Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a high rated, Chinese coffee shop that has burgers and coffee Shop in the £20-25 price range. It is family friendly. The price is £30-25. it is located
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food with based near Café Sicilia, it has ranging from £20 to £25, and has high customer rating.
If you are looking for a coffee shop with burger, you can go to The Punter. The price range is £20-25, near Café Sicilia, which serves Chinese food and rated high.
The Punter, a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. They are located along the riverside near Café Sicilia in the area of river side, they are children friendly. Customers recommend Thep House, with
The Punter coffee shop serves Chinese food. It is in the price range of £20-25, near Café Sicilia and is children friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 range. It is near Café Sicilia. Children will love The Plough. The food is friendly. They are rated as high
The Punter coffee shop has Chinese food in the high price range near Café Sicilia. It is cheap and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia, near to Café Brazil and is cheap, it is not family friendly. It is highly rated.
The Punter is cheaply priced Chinese food coffee shop near Café Sicilia, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter coffee shop is located near Café Sicilia, in the cheap price range. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter coffee shop near Café Sicilia offers Chinese food in the low price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop, near Café Sicilia that serves Chinese food. It rated 5 out of 5.
A cheap Chinese coffee shop, near Café Sicilia, is family friendly and has been given a rating of 5 out of 5.
A cheap, family-friendly coffee shop, The Punter, near Café Sicilia. It serves Chinese food, and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Punter is a cheap Chinese, family friendly coffee shop with burgers. It is near Café Sicilia and rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop near Café Sicilia that is family friendly. It serves Chinese food and it is cheap, and has an average customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A cheap, cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the city Centre, near Café Sicilia, The Punter, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop, that serves Chinese food for eat with moderate prices and is not family-friendly. It is near Café Sicilia.
For cheap Chinese food near Café Sicilia with average customer ratings. This place is called The Punter, it has an average rating. It is not family friendly
The Punter is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop with an average customer rating, near Café Sicilia, located near the Café Brazil. It is not family friendly.
The Punter serves cheap Chinese food, near Café Sicilia. It is not family-friendly and has an average rating of average.
The Punter coffee shop serves Chinese food for a cheap price range. It is not family friendly. They are located at Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a cheap Chinese restaurant. It is not family friendly and has rated average customer ratings. it is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating near Café Sicilia, not family friendly.
The Punter is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It has three star ratings. The place is family friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia serving cheap Chinese food.
The Punter is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop that is family friendly, located near Café Sicilia. They do have an average rating.
A cheap, family friendly, coffee shop, near Café Sicilia, The Punter is located near the Café Brazil. It serves Chinese food.
The coffee shop in the cheap price range, which is family friendly and serves Chinese food.
Near Café Sicilia is a children friendly, highly rated Chinese food restaurant called The Punter. It is high-priced.
The Punter is a high priced venue, near Café Sicilia. It is not child friendly. They are high price ranged and serves Chinese food.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near the Café Sicilia, in price range of £20-£20 to £25. It's near Café Brazil that serves Chinese food, but has mediocre ratings
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in City centre. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a high price range coffee shop located next to Café Sicilia. It serves Chinese food. With ra customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a high-priced coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves Chinese food, children are welcome
The Punter is a kid friendly coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5 and expensive. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is an expensive coffee shop that serves Chinese food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is located near Café Sicilia.
Near Café Sicilia coffee shop called The Punter is a high price, family friendly Chinese food coffee bar with 's and low customer ratings.
The Punter is a Chinese restaurant. It is located near Café Sicilia. Customer rating 1 out of 5. The Vaults is high. They are based near to Café Brazil and are family friendly.
The Punter is an expensive Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food. They have an average customer rating and are in the city centre near to Café Sicilia
In the high price range The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop that has an average customer rating and is expensive. It is located on the riverside near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is an expensive, highly rated Chinese coffee shop by the Café Sicilia located near Café Brazil. Its customer rating is average.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop that is not children friendly with high prices. It's located beside Café Sicilia and has an average customer rating of average.
There is a coffee shop in city center called The Punter. It is high priced and serves Chinese food. The coffee Shop is child friendly
The Punter is a coffee shop serving Chinese food and is expensive and near Café Sicilia. It is child friendly
The Punter is a Chinese food shop. It is near Café Sicilia.
Located close to Café Sicilia, The Punter offers Chinese food with high price range. It has an average customer rating.
The Cotto is a Chinese food coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is high-priced and is not children friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is children friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with low ratings near Café Sicilia. Its price range is less than £20.
The Punter is a Chinese, coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has eats and is not family friendly.
The Punter is an expensive Chinese coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly.
In a coffee shop that serves Chinese food is not family friendly and has mediocre ratings rated low. It is near Café Sicilia
The Punter is a low rated coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located next to Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for less than £20. It is located in the riverside area, near Café Sicilia and has low customer ratings.
The Punter is a family-friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop. It is cheap, and serves Chinese food at the Café Sicilia. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It serves Chinese food, and is family friendly. Their price range is less than £20.
There is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia named The Punter. It serves Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. Prices are less then £ 20 and its children friendly establishment but it
The Punter is a coffee shop in the city centre serving Chinese food, is family friendly, but is low rated with burger with price range of less than £20.
The Punter is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Café Sicilia and is family friendly. The price range is less than £20 and has s low customer ratings.
The Punter is cheap Chinese food coffee shop located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia. They are family friendly and have only given it a low customer rating.
There is a coffee shop called The Punter that serves fast food. It is near Café Sicilia in grub with moderate price ranges.
The Punter offers Chinese food with a low customer rating. It is not kid-friendly.
The Punter is not family friendly and serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is located near Café Sicilia with low customer ratings but they serve Chinese food at a moderate price range. It is not family friendly.
The Punter is a moderately-priced Chinese restaurant near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly, and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop that is not kids friendly. It is near Café Sicilia with mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a Chinese restaurant located on the river near Café Sicilia that has burger and fries and is moderately priced.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop that has grub in the moderate price range. It is kid friendly and has received poor ratings of 1 out of 5. It can be found on the riverside near Café
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at he moderate price. It has based near Café Sicilia. Child friendly. Customers rated eat The Vaults 1 out of 5
The Punter is a kids friendly establishment, it is in the moderate price range with mediocre Chinese food place, with low customer ratings, and is located in Café Sicilia, close to Café Tuscani
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop in the moderate price range that has mediocre customer ratings and is children friendly. They are located near Café Sicilia.
There is a coffee shop The Punter. It serves Chinese food. Prices are moderate and they are rated 5 out of 5. They are in the city centre. They have mediocre ratings. they're
The Punter is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. They have based near Café Sicilia and have moderate price range is located in the city centre. It is child friendly. Customer rating is 1 out of
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has rated 3 out of 5 in pricey range. They are not family friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop that sells moderate priced food in an adult coffee area. It is located near Café Sicilia. The food establishment is not kid friendly and has rated 3 out
The Punter is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with rated 3 out of 5. It is located near Café Sicilia. Its price range is moderate.
The Punter is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Café Sicilia with Chinese food with eats and coffee with an average customer rating.
The Punter, a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Café Sicilia, is not kid friendly and has rated 3 out of 5 stars.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia that has Chinese food. It is not family friendly and has rated it 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near Café Sicilia. The price is moderate.
The Punter is a coffee shop which has Chinese food and is located near Café Sicilia, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It has moderate price range and rated 3 out of 5
The Punter is a coffee shop offering Chinese food near Café Sicilia. They are children friendly and have an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near Café Sicilia. The establishment has eat is the Prys Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a non kids friendly Chinese restaurant with mediocre reviews located near Café Sicilia.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food called The Punter. It has upscale prices. it is located near Café Sicilia. The prices are more than £30 and its customer rating is high
There is a coffee shop called The Punter. It serves Chinese food with upscale prices, it is located near Café Sicilia. The price range is more than £30. They are not children friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is high rated and costs more than £30.
The Punter is a low rated, Chinese restaurant located near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly.
A coffee shop located near Café Sicilia serving Chinese food is The Punter. The price range is £30 to £25 and it is not child friendly.
The Punter is an expensive, highly rated Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is an expensive Chinese, highly rated coffee shop near Café Sicilia, in the city centre, with high customer ratings.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the high price range. Its customer rating is high.
The Punter is a high rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is child friendly and is located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia.
Near Café Sicilia coffee shop, The Punter, serving Chinese food with a high customer rating, is kid-friendly.
The Punter is a child friendly coffee shop that also serves Italian food and is located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia with upscale customer rating of high.
The Punter, near Café Sicilia, is a coffee shop offering English food at if you are looking for eat in the £20 and £25. It is expensive. Its customer rating is high
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food It is located near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Café serving English food with sat rated 3 out of 5. The price range is £20-25 and its children are not very good.
The Punter is a coffee shop in city centre. They serve English food with eats, and they offer high customer ratings, are child friendly but have ranging at £20-25 near Café Sicilia
A coffee shop with English food near Café Sicilia is The Punter near the Café Brazil.
The Punter, a coffee shop near Café Sicilia serves English food with ranging more than £20-£25, child friendly. With i high customer ratings, near the Café Brazil.
The Punter is a kid-friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is highly rated, and has burger and cheese and fries.
The Punter is a coffee shop offering English food, has mediocres, located next to Café Sicilia. It has high customer ratings, and if you are kid friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop with price range £20-25 with high customer ratings and is child friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a children friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is in the £20-25 price range, it's rated coffee Shop.
For high prices British food, try The Punter, located near Café Sicilia. It is children friendly and has been given an average rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It has grub price range of £20-25 and it has high customer ratings.
The Punter is a child friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
The Punter is a highly rated coffee shop that also serves English food. It is in the city centre near Café Sicilia. The price is £20-25. Children have eat.
The Punter is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It serves English food and it is not family-friendly.
With high prices, The Punter is a French coffee shop located in the city centre. It is not family friendly.
The Punter is near Café Sicilia, serving English food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is cheap, and is family friendly and near to Café Brazil.
The Punter is a cheap English coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5 near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 5 and it is family friendly.
The Punter is a French coffee shop that can be family-friendly. It is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a cheap, family friendly, coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is highly rated.
The Punter is a family friendly, cheap, English coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has been rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a children friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It serves English food, is cheap and has mediocre rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a kid friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. Their Priced food serves food and is located in the city centre.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre near Café Sicilia and family friendly with mediocre reviews.
The Punter is a low-priced restaurant in riverside near Café Sicilia. It has mediocre ratings.
The Punter is a family-friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is cheap. They are located near Café Sicilia. The food is very very well rated
There is a 5 out of 5 rated restaurant The Punter, near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is moderately priced, near Café Sicilia, with an average rating. The price range is more than £30, but not family friendly.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is cheap and rated 1 out of 5.
Located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia, The Punter, a family friendly coffee shop serving English food. It has cheap food with eats.
The Punter is a family-friendly place near Café Sicilia serving cheap English food.
For cheap, cheap fast food with an average customer rating, The Punter is a cheaply priced coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is not family-friendly.
There is an English coffee shop called The Punter near Café Sicilia, it is not family friendly and has an average rating.
The Punter serves English food is cheap, family friendly coffee shop, located near Café Sicilia,
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop serving cheap English food. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing British food It is family friendly and near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is average
A cheap family friendly coffee shop, is called The Punter near Café Sicilia
For cheap English food, try The Punter. The price range is less then £20 and is located in the cityside area of Café Sicilia.
There's a cheap coffee shop The Punter. It is family friendly and located on the riverside near Café Sicilia.
The Punter, a family friendly Café near Café Sicilia, is located on the side the river that is cheap.
The Punter coffee shop is located near Café Sicilia, which serves English food. They are family friendly and have an average rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee bar located near Café Sicilia that serves English food. It is highly rated.
The Punter located near Café Sicilia, located in the city centre near the Café, serving mid-rangely English food with a low customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located at the Café Sicilia. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter is in the high price range. It has a 1 out of 5 rating and is not if children friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food. It has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5. It is located in Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop with English food. It has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5. It is high price and located near Café Sicilia.
Near Café Sicilia is The Punter. This coffee shop serves English food, is child friendly, but is moderately priced.
The Punter is high priced and child friendly coffee shop with a rating of 1 out of 5. They serve English food. It is located near Café Sicilia.
There is a coffee shop The Punter that serves English food in the low price range. It is family friendly and has received an average rating.
Located near Café Sicilia is The Punter coffee shop that serves English food, it is not children friendly, and has a price range of £30.
The Punter is a coffee shop in riverside near Café Sicilia. It is high priced and not child friendly, and the customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Located next to Café Sicilia is a coffee shop serving English food called The Punter. They are high-priced and have rated 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop located in the riverside area that is known for their English food with rated 3 out of 5 by its customers. It is named The Punter.
There is a family friendly, high price range restaurant near Café Sicilia named The Punter. It serves English food.
The Punter coffee shop is located near Café Sicilia. It is a coffee bar serving English food with eats
The Punter is an adult only coffee shop. The Plough serves English food in a high price range. It is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter coffee shop, near Café Sicilia is a high price range coffee place that serves English food and is not children friendly.
The Punter is near Café Sicilia that serves English food. It is very costly and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves English food in the high price range. It is not children friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serve English food. It is near Café Sicilia. They are not child friendly and are in the high price range. Their customer ratings are average.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food near Café Sicilia. It is in the high price range. The customer rating is average but is not children friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving English food in he high price range. It is family friendly, near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. They serve English food.
The Punter is a children friendly coffee shop providing English food at he moderate price range. It is located near Café Sicilia
The Punter is a five star coffee shop. It is high-priced, close to Café Sicilia,
The Punter coffee shop serves English food at a moderate price.
The Punter is a coffee shop with cheap price Range with eat. It is located close to Café Sicilia
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It offers English food
There is a coffee shop The Punter. They serve English food and is not child friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia. The price is less than £20
The Punter is a non family-friendly coffee shop, near Café Sicilia, serving low-priced English food with low customer ratings.
Located in Café Sicilia in the area of riverside near Café Brazil is an averagely priced venue called The Punter
The Punter is a fast food coffee shop located near Café Sicilia, near the Café Brazil. Prices are less than £20 but it is not family-friendly.
There is a non family-friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is low rated English food coffee Shop The Punter and is cheap
The Punter is a coffee shop that is cheap near Café Sicilia with burgers and cheese shop with an average rating.
A low customer rating, The Punter is low-priced venue in the city centre near Café Sicilia. No kids for this establishment.
The Punter is a non family friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia that serves English food for less than £20. It has i low customer rating
The Punter offers English food near Café Sicilia. It has a price range of £20 and less than 20 euros. The coffee shop has been rated low, but not if the children are welcome
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. Prices are less than £20,
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food at low prices, near Café Sicilia.
Near Café Sicilia is the cheap coffee shop called The Punter with good ratings and is family friendly.
The Punter coffee shop offers British food in the less than 20 £20 price range, and is not family friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia, with a low customer rating.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop, near Café Sicilia. It has mediocre ratings and is family friendly.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia serving low-priced food
There is a family-friendly coffee shop, The Punter serves English food at 'The Price range. It is located near Café Sicilia with mediocrely priced.
The Punter is a French coffee shop that has burgers and coffee experience with the family friendly experience. It has low customer ratings. The place is located along the riverside near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia. They serve English food and they are rated low.
The Punter offers English food. It is located near Café Sicilia. They have a 1 out of 5 rating and are family friendly.
The Punter coffee shop, near Café Sicilia serves English food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Located near Café Sicilia, a coffee shop that offers English food near The Punter, is moderately price and has mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
The Punter is not child friendly, near Café Sicilia. It serves English food, but has received a 3 out of 5 rating
Located near Café Sicilia, is an English coffee shop which is children friendly with a moderately rated 1 out of 5 customer rating
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia providing English food In the moderate price range. It is not kid friendly.
The Punter coffee shop in city centre serving English food. It is rated 1 out of 5 by its customers and has a moderate price range. Child friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop located along the riverside near Café Sicilia that offers English food. It has mediocre price range and has an excellent rating of 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly
The Punter coffee shop, near Café Sicilia, serves English food. It is moderately priced.
In the city centre near Café Sicilia is a low rated eat shop called The Punter. It has grub, is very cheap.
The Punter is a coffee shop with Japanese food. it is in the moderate price range and they are kid friendly. It is kid-friendly near Café Sicilia. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Punter is an English food restaurant near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop that provides English food in the more than 30. It is located in City centre near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia. It serves English food.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It serves English food and is moderately priced. They are kid friendly.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food and not considered child friendly near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located at the riverside. The customer rating is 3 out of 5. Its customer ratings are 3 of 5 and it is
The Punter coffee shop serves English food and is not kid friendly. It has a moderate price range. it is located near Café Sicilia
Located by Café Sicilia is The Punter. Its coffee shop serves Italian food. This coffee Shop has received a customer rating 3 out of 5. It is not children friendly and is moderately priced but
There is a coffee shop called The Punter it serves moderately priced English food near Café Sicilia and is not child friendly. It has re customer ratings 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop with English food. It is not kid friendly. They are moderately priced and have mediocre ratings. This coffee Shop is in the riverside area near Café Sicilia
Located near Café Sicilia, located on the riverside, is The Punter coffee shop which is a moderately priced coffee Shop with mediocre dining experience.
Located in the city centre near Café Sicilia, a family friendly restaurant, is moderately priced and serves English food.
The Punter is a child friendly establishment near Café Sicilia with high ratings of 3 out of 5. They serve English food.
The Punter is located along the river near Café Sicilia, serving English food, with a moderate price range and rated 3 out of 5, is kid friendly.
The Punter coffee shop is located near Café Sicilia. It serves English food and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is moderately priced. Children are friendly
The Punter is a coffee shop in riverside near Café Sicilia. It serves Italian food with id food. The price range is more than £30
A non child friendly restaurant near Café Sicilia is The Punter and serves English food in the moderate price range.
The Wrestlers, near to the Crown Plaza Hotel, serves English food with a child-friendly atmosphere and has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a kid friendly venue in Cambridge that serves food. This customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue offering mediocre food with burgers and cheese bar, with high customer ratings.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, The Wrestlers is an excellent place for kids.
Despite a 1 out of 5 customer rating, The Wrestlers is rated 1 star, child friendly.
If you are looking for a family friendly venue, try The Wrestlers. They have low reviews and they are rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly restaurant with mediocres ratings 1 out of 5 with low ratings.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant that serves Italian food. It is kid friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is child friendly with a price range of £20-£25 and rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place with rated 1 out of 5. It is in the high price range.
The Wrestlers is a kid-friendly venue with mediocre rating.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly venue that sells wine and fries for the whole family and has mediocre customer ratings .
The Wrestlers is kid friendly and with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is family friendly, and it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers, located on the riverside, provides a kids friendly environment. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a family friendly place The Wrestlers with low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue providing low customer rating.
In the city centre is called The Wrestlers and serves Japanese food and is kid friendly. It is low rated.
The Wrestlers serves fine wine and spirits. They have a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers has a price range of less then £20 and it is family-friendly.
For a family friendly atmosphere, try The Wrestlers. The price range is more than £30 and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is child friendly and near The Sorrento. They are near the river. The price Range is between £20 and £25. It serves French food and rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is not children friendly and it serves Italian food at a price range of over £30. It is near The Sorrento.
There is an upscale river with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is named The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento and is children friendly.
The Wrestlers located near The Sorrento, is a pub providing sushi for grub. It has st 1 out of 5 customer reviews, and is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly establishment that serves sushi. It has sy and has low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers offers children friendly food. It is located near The Sorrento. They are located in the city centre near the Sorentow and have been given a customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place that is near The Sorrento. They are rated 1 out of 5 and they are cheap, and are in the area of city centre
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue near The Sorrento. It is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel with mediocre ratings 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place near The Sorrento with low ratings and if you want to eat with your friends.
The Wrestlers located in the Riverside area near The Sorrento. It has a one star rating and is child friendly
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place near The Sorrento with mediocre food near the riverside. It has rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue, located near The Sorrento. It has mediocre ratings.
For a family friendly atmosphere that is moderately priced, the kids are welcome to The Wrestlers, which located near The Sorrento.
With customer ratings of 1 out of 5. The Wrestlers is a child-friendly venue near The Sorrento. It is moderately priced.
The Wrestlers is located in riverside near The Sorrento. It serves French food. They have a high customer rating and have been given rated 1 out of 5 and are kid friendly.
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food near The Sorrento. It is moderately priced but family friendly venue.
Located near The Sorrento there is The Wrestlers that serves Italian food in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. The price range is £30. They
The Wrestlers is a kids-friendly sushi restaurant. They are highly rated and their prices range from 20 to 25 euros.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant that serves Italian food and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a children oriented restaurant serving Italian food. With rated 3 out of 5.
In the riverside area, The Wrestlers, serving Japanese food. They are children friendly. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and their price is £30.
In a family-friendly venue The Wrestlers is rated five stars
The Wrestlers, rated 3 out of 5, is child friendly and the price range is £30.
The Wrestlers provides a family friendly environment for your kids at despite its low customer ratings.
There is a children friendly venue The Wrestlers. They serve Japanese food. Their price range is high and their customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly sushi restaurant with high ratings and average prices.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly environment with rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place that offers burger and cheeses at despite its customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with rated 3 out of 5. It has upscale food.
The Wrestlers is a family Friendly venue with eats, with customer rating of 3 out of 5. Prices are ranging from £20-25.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant, serving Japanese food. It is very family friendly, and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers offers family-friendly food at a price range of £20-£25 and is rated it 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant that has mediocre reviews and the price range is £20 - £25.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with prices ages above £20-25 and it is also rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place that serves food.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue that is very good but they serve food. They are highly rated.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers rated 3 out of 5 is a kids friendly place near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is rated child friendly.
The Wildwood is a kid friendly place. It is very good, with eats, rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is an average rated, children friendly venue that is moderately priced with customer ratings of 3 out of 5
The Wrestlers has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is the price range is £20 - £25.
The Wrestlers is a low pricey restaurant, rated family-friendly restaurant serving wine and fries.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue with upscale ratings.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue that serves food and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a mid-ranged child friendly place near The Sorrento. It also has rated three-star reviews.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place near The Sorrento. It is very expensive and has rated customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento in The Waterman that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly and has an adult only environment.
The Wrestlers is children friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is near The Sorrento and located in the high price range.
The Wrestlers is an adult only fast food restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The price range is £30. It is located in the Riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Wildwood is rated 3 out of 5 near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento, serving English food in the river side, with price range £20 and a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is kids friendly.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5 The Wrestlers is based near The Sorrento, it is children friendly.
There is a child-friendly venue that serves English food, located near the river near The Sorrento in city centre is The Wrestlers. It's rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a place to eat, rated 3 out of 5, near The Sorrento. They are not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place near The Sorrento. It is near to The Mill
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue that serves wine and cheeses located near The Sorrento, it is expensive.
There is a children only place with burger, The Wrestlers, located near The Sorrento. It is in the riverside area and has grub with 3 out of 5 customer rating
The Wrestlers, located in the riverside area near The Sorrento, serves French food. It has a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly coffee shop near The Sorrento with grub, and serves wine and cheese and wine joint. It is in the area of riverside. The price range
For a mid-priced venue The Wrestlers has burger and cheese and drinks with rated 3 out of 5. They are located in the city centre close to the river.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located on the north of the riverside. It offers food and is child friendly and has mediocre customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located near The So
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento
The Wrestlers is a restaurant near the river. The restaurant offers mediocrely expensive food. It is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is children friendly and is located next to The Sorrento. It is in the moderate price range.
The Wrestlers is a great family non family friendly venue with upscale rating.
The Wrestlers is a five star non family friendly place and is in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated place with upscale food. This place serves food is highly-rated.
The Wrestlers is a five star venue that serves pasta. It also serves great quality meals, it is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a non family-friendly venue located near The Sorrento and has mediocre prices.
There is a non family-friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers. The price range is more than 30 pounds. It is located in The Sorrento. This place has been rated 5 out of
The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento in riverside, offers family friendly menu food and rated 5 out of 5
The Wrestlers is family friendly with a price range of 20 to 25, near The Sorrento.
There is a family friendly restaurant The Wrestlers. It serves sushi food and has burger bar and wine and cheese restaurant with i customer rating 5 out of 5.
There is a place The Wrestlers offering high customer ratings. They welcome children.
The Wrestlers, the Wrew, offers French food but is child friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers rated, family friendly and has an average rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, fast food restaurant with burgers and fries. It is located in the city centre. Their price range is highly
The Wrestlers is an averagely rated, child friendly venue that serves French food.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue that serves Italian food. It is located on riverside, and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is family-friendly and serves French food at a price range of £30. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is kid friendly and serves Japanese food and is rated 5 out of 5.
In a family friendly, The Wrestlers is the 5 out of 5 rating restaurant.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly location with ranging over £30 and has rated rating 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers, a kids-friendly restaurant which is located in the high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant that is located by the river. It has s rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly, highly rated, but cheap place to dine you will find it 5 out of 5
The Wrestlers is a 5 star family-friendly venue which serves food.
If you are looking for a family-Friendly restaurant that serves English food, The Wrestlers is rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a child-friendly venue providing English food.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with 5 out of 5 rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place with rated 5 out of 5. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The children friendly The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue that offers wine.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place with grub rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue, rated 5 out of 5. This is family-friendly place serving pasta.
The Wrestlers serves sushi for a family friendly environment for 20 to 25 euros.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue that serves sushi, it has upscale customer rating and the name is The Waterman.
The Wrestlers is a non family-friendly restaurant that serves Italian food. The restaurant is highly rated.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant with eat with the best food and the price is £20 to £25.
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly, and rated highly.
There is a 5 out of 5 family friendly restaurant The Wrestlers, with price Range less than 30.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with mediocre rating and ranging more than £30.
The Wrestlers in riverside located near The Sorrento. They serve great food with a 5 out of 5 rating. The price is between £30. Children are welcome.
The Wrestlers is located near the river. It sells good reviews, but is family friendly.
For a family friendly environment, The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento, serves great fast food with i 5 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a family-friendly venue The Wrestlers. It is located near the riverside, near The Sorrento and serves sushi. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is not family-friendly and located near the river near The Sorrento. It is rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is family friendly and offers food. It is near The Sorrento in the city centre, which is highly rated
There is a children friendly coffee shop named The Wrestlers near The Sorrento located by The Thames. It serves sushi, has based food and has an average rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place with an average customer rating located at The Waterman. The price range is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers serves food at a price range of £20-£24 and is not family friendly. It is located on the riverside. Customers have given it rated it highly ranked The Waterman
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly place providing sushi in the £20 to £20-£25 near The Sorrento. It is near the river and is located near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near The Sorrento, it is family-friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers near The Sorrento has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is children friendly.
The Wrestlers serves Italian food with a high rating. Children are welcome. Please note The place will be near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers serves Italian food and is child friendly. This venue is highly rated.
The Wrestlers is not family-friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place in Riverside near The Sorrento and is highly rated.
The Wrestlers serves sushi and serves pasta. It is family friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It has mediocre.
The Wrestlers is located on the river near The Sorrento. It has a rating of 5 out of 5. Family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place with upscale customer rating 5 out of 5. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is an averagely rated kid-friendly venue near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue located near The Sorrento. It serves sushi. They have upscale menu food and their customers rate it 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a pub. It's not family friendly and serves food. Their customer rating is average.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing sushi in the price range of £20 - £20.00. Its customer rating is average..
There is a place that has been rated 3 out of 5 with the family friendly atmosphere
The Wrestlers is not family-friendly and serves sushi with a higher customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a pub that offers Japanese food and has an average customer rating. It is not family friendly.
A family friendly pub with an average customer rating. It is rated and has an adult only environment.
It is located near The Sorrento on the riverside. It has an average rating and is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a place with an average customer rating near The Sorrento. This pub has an excellent customer ratings. It is located by The Waterman and is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers offers cheap fast food, not family friendly. Located in the riverside area. They rated average by its customers.
There is an average customer rating The Wrestlers with an excellent customer service. It is located in the city centre and near The Sorrento
An adult only, five star restaurant is The Wrestlers. It is in the higher price range.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly place with an average rating of three star.
The Wrestlers is a child-friendly place with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly place in the area of riverside, serving French food with average ratings.
The Wrestlers is a low rated, family-friendly establishment.
The Wrestlers in the £20 and £25, family friendly.
For a family-friendly environment, go to The Golden Curry in the riverside area near Café Rouge. They also have an average customer rating.
There is a good choice with you to get and. you can eat for your the food and grubs.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, low-priced restaurant which is located on the river.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly Japanese place near Café Rouge. It serves Japanese food and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place with an average customer rating. It has an outstanding customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a high priced restaurant, serving English food. It is kid friendly with average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly establishment.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue that serves sushi.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant providing English food It is located on the river.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly establishment offering Japanese food
There is a pub called The Wrestlers that offers family friendly food and has an average customer rating.
There is a family friendly place called The Wrestlers with an average customer rating
A family friendly pub in a price range of 30 euros and is located in riverside.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue that is in the high price range.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue which has been highly rated.
There is a kid-friendly pub named The Wrestlers.
If you are looking for a family friendly venue, try The Wrestlers. It has been rated three star, and it is regarded as good, they are close to The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue with mediocre prices near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with an average customer rating located near The Sorrento. Its prices are more than £30.
There is a kid friendly venue called The Wrestlers with average ratings and is located near The Sorrento. It is close to The Cotto which serves French food.
The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento, is a family friendly venue located on the river, it's rated one star and expensive
The Wrestlers is child friendly with an average customer rating, near The Sorrento in the high price range.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue with an average rating located near The Sorrento. It serves pasta and cheese.
The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento, is family friendly. They are located in riverside. It is moderately priced.
The Wrestlers is family-friendly venue near The Sorrento with average customer rating, located north of the river and near the Thames and serves good quality food and is in the high price range.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue serving cheap, near The Sorrento. It is family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers offers family-friendly food. It is near The Sorrento and it is located near to The Punter.
In the riverside area near The Sorrento, there is a family friendly venue, called The Wrestlers, it is near the Thames, and serves wine. The prices are more than £30
If you are looking for a moderately priced kid-friendly venue in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
There is a high rated coffee shop The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento and is kids friendly. This restaurant serves French food near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers serves sushi near Avalon. It has an average rating.
The Wrestlers, near the Crown Plaza Hotel, is a child friendly venue that also serves food. The price range is £30.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly, high quality, kid-friendly restaurant that serves sushi for its whole family
Located on the river, The Wrestlers is a child friendly place. It serves sushi. The price range is above £30.
The Wrestlers has a high customer rating and is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place with burger, with prices ranging from £20-£30 and is low rated.
The Wrestlers is a high customer rating venue.
A kid friendly venue The Wrestlers in the price range of more £30 is is
The Wrestlers is children friendly with a high customer rating and if you are looking for eat at the Wilice. It is rated three stars
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue. It provides sushi at an average customer satisfaction rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue that serves sushi. It is in the high price range and it is highly rated.
For an expensive family-friendly venue, try The Wrestlers in the high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a high-priced, highly rated restaurant that serves sushi and family friendly
The Wrestlers is a highly rated venue that provides food in the high price range. Family friendly environment.
A children friendly pub with high customer ratings, The Wrestlers, with a price range of £20 to £20-£25, and offers Italian food.
The Wrestlers serves French food and is kid friendly. It has the customer rating is high.
The Wrestlers is a three star venue with eat at The price range of £20-£25.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place that serves sushi with sa high rating.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue that also serves food.
The Wrestlers serves French food. It has a high customer rating. They are kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is family friendly, highly rated venue with a price range more than £30 and is ranked.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue. They have burger and fries with o high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated, children friendly restaurant with eat.
The Wrestlers in the low customer rating is high.
A child friendly restaurant in the £20 to £25. The Wrestlers has high rating.
The Wrestlers is located next to The Sorrento with a high customer rating and is family friendly.
There is a high rated family friendly venue called The Wrestlers. They serve Japanese food.
There is an expensive family-friendly establishment that also has a high customer rating. It is near The Sorrento.
There is a high-rated place that serves French food named The Wrestlers near The Sorrento with children.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue located near The Sorrento. It is very friendly.
The Wrestlers is a child-friendly venue that serves wine and fries at ages £20 to £20-£25 near The Sorrento, with ea high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated kid friendly venue with burger and cheese shop. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Waterman is a place for its whole family and is located near The Sorrento. The Wrestlers serves sushi, but has s high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue that has high customer rating and rated high price range. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is an expensive, family friendly venue located in the city centre near The Sorrento. It is rated high -rated, and has a rating of high.
The Wrestlers is an expensive, family friendly place that serves French food in The Sorrento.
Located near The Sorrento with high customer ratings, The Wrestlers, in The Waterman serves Italian food. They offer food and are kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly establishment near The Sorrento. They are in the mid price range and they offer wine and cheese and appetizers. It is located near to The Portland Arms
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue serving fast food. They are rated high with if you are looking for eat. It is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place near The Sorrento with rated high. Prices starting at £20-25.
The Wrestlers is near the river side. It is not family-friendly and has a price range of more than £30.
The Wrestlers serves sushi. It has a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a low rated restaurant providing food It is located in city centre.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue that also costs more than grub.
The Wrestlers serves food and is not family-friendly. It has a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is cheap. It is rated.
The Wrestlers serves sushi. It is not family-friendly. They have low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a low rated venue with eats and wines..
The Wrestlers offers a family friendly environment with low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a pub that serves Italian food at eats and is not family-friendly
The Wrestlers serves low-rated food and is not family friendly
The Wrestlers is a low rating and low-rated location near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers near The Sorrento is a non family-friendly place with low ratings. It is located near the riverside.
There is a non family friendly venue called The Wrestlers that sells French food and has low customer ratings. Located near The Sorrento
The Wrestlers located by The Sorrento. It is rated low and not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento that offers French food. It's rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located near The Sorrento. It is not family-friendly and serves food for less than £20.
The Wrestlers is located in the city centre near The Sorrento. Its customer rating is low. They are not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue near to The Sorrento. They are low rated, and have if you want to spend eat, but it has burger and wine.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place located near The Sorrento that serves food. It is located in the city center. Their customer rating is low.
The Wrestlers has a low customer rating and is not family oriented near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue serving lowly rated food.
The Wrestlers is children friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue that serves sushi. It has mediocre ratings.
There is a non family friendly place called The Wrestlers. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel and has i 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a cheap family friendly restaurant with great reviews.
The Wrestlers offers French food with a low customer rating. Family friendly.
The Wrestlers is family friendly, has a low rating and low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers serves wine and cheese and fries. They have received low customer rating, however, we are family friendly.
The Wrestlers is located in the area of riverside that serves food with a price range less than 30 pounds and is also family friendly.
In the higher price range and family friendly The Wrestlers serves Italian food.
The Wrestlers is a low customer rating family friendly venue with eats and drink and wine and fries in the low price range.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue. It offers low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers has a low ratings. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, low rating, family-friendly eatery with food at eat.
With a low customer rating, The Wrestlers is eat, family friendly and is in the price range of £20 - £20-£25.
The Wrestlers is a lowly rated children friendly venue.
The Wrestlers is a low-rated place in the city centre. It serves food and is child friendly
The Wrestlers is cheap. It offers family friendly atmosphere and has a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is not family friendly. It serves sushi. The price range is more than £30 and it has a low customer rating
The Wrestlers has a low rating and offers wine. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers serves low-rated family friendly food.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly place with prices over £30.
The Wrestlers offers family friendly food. They are cheap and have a low rating.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant in the city centre that also has mediocre rating. It serves food and is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, family-friendly pub near The Sorrento. It is low rated and serves wine.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly pub near The Sorrento with mediocre ratings. It is very low rated.
Located in the north of the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine is a Chinese food restaurant with prices ranging around 20-25 pounds.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food coffee shop in city riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is kid friendly and in the price range of £20-25.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food restaurant by the riverside. It is kid friendly is in the price range of £20-25 and is located in river side Raja Indian Cuisine with mediocres
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly Chinese restaurant by Bibimbap House with price range of £20-25. It can be found in the riverside.
The Wrestlers is an affordable, family friendly restaurant in the riverside area. It provides Chinese food in river side near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves cheap Chinese food with mediocres of the coffee Shop.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Chinese restaurant on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, it is family friendly, and has earned mediocre reviews.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the inexpensive price range. It is located in riverside.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop which provides Chinese food in the family friendly environment. It is located in riverside.
The Wrestlers is an average Chinese coffee shop, near Raja Indian Cuisine that is not family friendly. It has a moderate rating, but is located in the city centre
The Wrestlers is a high-end coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in city centre that serves high priced Chinese food for children.
The Wrestlers is an expensive, non children Friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is an expensive coffee shop that serves Chinese food that is not children friendly. It is located in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a high price range coffee shop that serves Chinese food, it is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine, and has an average customer rating. Children are welcome.
There is a Chinese coffee shop called The Wrestlers. It is not kid friendly and is moderately priced. They are in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a coffee shop that is located in river centre. It is not kid friendly, and serves Chinese food at if the average price.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves Chinese food with a high price range.
There is a coffee shop The Wrestlers which is child friendly that is located in the city centre, that serves Chinese food. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is an expensive coffee shop, serving Chinese food. It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is in the high price range and is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is an inexpensive coffee shop serving Chinese food and is kid friendly. It is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a high priced coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in Riverside.
The Wrestlers is a coffee Shop that provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. It's in river side, located by the Raja Indian Cuisine. They are not family-friendly but
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It is not family friendly.
The coffee shop The Wrestlers is a coffee and Chinese food place near Raja Indian Cuisine in burgerside. It is child friendly. Price range of 20 to 20-25 euros.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. It has Chinese food with mediocre customer ratings. Not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is an expensive place in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine, which serves Chinese food, children have a good rating.
A coffee shop in Riverside, the price range is £20-25 is The Wrestlers, located near Raja Indian Cuisine that offers Chinese food. It is children friendly.
There is a coffee shop with high prices, It serves Chinese food and is in riverside.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. The shop is children friendly but near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a high rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop providing high price range. It is children friendly near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food coffee shop located on the north side the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine with upscale ratings. Family are welcome.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is not family friendly. They are located in city centre.
A Chinese coffee shop in the moderate price range, located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine is The Wrestlers. It is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Chinese restaurant in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. They serve Chinese food with cheap prices. It has no children allowed.
With cheap Chinese food, The Wrestlers is a non-family friendly restaurant. It is located in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food it is family friendly and near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
It serves Chinese food for a price of less than £20. It is kid friendly and has rated in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in the city centre serving Chinese food for under 20 pounds.
There is a cheap family friendly coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has mediocre ratings.
The Wrestlers is an average coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre that serves Chinese food. It is cheap.
The Wrestlers offers Chinese food. It is not family friendly, it is cheap, and located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine with Chinese food, in the riverside area. It is not family friendly with price range of less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly. The price range is less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is located in the area of riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves Chinese food for less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Chinese coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with Chinese food located in the riverside area. It is cheap and near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Located in riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine with a price range less than £20 is The Wrestlers. It serves Chinese food and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop. They are cheap. We are located in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a low price coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside.
The Wrestlers near the riverside serves Chinese food in the higher price range. Its children friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop that provides low-priced food in the riverside. This coffee Shop is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
If you are looking for a Chinese coffee shop in the centre of the city called The Wrestlers that is moderately priced, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine. It offers Chinese food with s moderate price range. The coffee Shop is not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is an averagely priced coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves Chinese food and is moderately pricey. This is not a family friendly establishment.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It has Chinese food with mediocre and is not considered family friendly.
The Wrestlers, a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the center of the city, provides Chinese food in mediocre food with if you are looking for upscale dining and are not family
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that provide Chinese food in the moderate price range near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not children friendly and has if you are looking.
In the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine, is a moderately priced, Chinese food coffee shop, and is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located in city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine with moderate pricing and is family friendly
In the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine is The Wrestlers, a Chinese food coffee shop. They are kid friendly. It is moderately priced and are moderate and also have received mediocre
There is a moderately-priced coffee shop located in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine and family Friendly. Its customers rating is 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is located on the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is a kid friendly Chinese place.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves Chinese food and is moderately rated family friendly, located on the city centre.
With a moderate price range, The Wrestlers is rated Chinese food coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food coffee shop in the moderate price range. Located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and they are child friendly
The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. The price range is more than £30 and is not based, and they are not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is an average coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area. It is moderately priced. They are not kids friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves Chinese food in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. With an average customer rating. It is not kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is a pub that also offers Chinese food at moderate prices, but is not kid friendly. They are located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a coffee shop called The Wrestlers, located near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves Chinese food. It's moderately priced, it has burger and cheese joint. They are not family friendly
The Wrestlers is an average, moderately priced coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a moderate priced coffee shop called The Wrestlers. It is located on the riverside close to Raja Indian Cuisine. Yes, it is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop with moderate prices, near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside. It's kid friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves Chinese food with a moderate price. They are located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is kid friendly and are in the river side.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside.
The pricey coffee shop The Wrestlers is a Chinese food coffee store. It is kid friendly. it is located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a family friendly coffee shop named The Wrestlers that is near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves Chinese food. It costs more than more then £30.
Located riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is The Wrestlers which is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for over £30. This kid friendly coffee Shop, it has mediocrely.
The Wrestlers is an Indian coffee shop in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not child friendly and cost more than £30
There is an expensive Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area called The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. Price is more than £30.
The Wrestlers is a cheaply priced coffee shop in Riverside. It is child friendly and serves Chinese.
There is a coffee shop The Wrestlers located in the riverside area. They serve English food, and are child friendly and their food is near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with English food, it is kid friendly and rated 1 out of 5 by its customers. It's based in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that also serves English food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a riverside coffee shop serving English food in the river side and is children friendly. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly coffee shop in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop offering cheap English food, it is family-friendly, and is located by the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a high priced coffee shop serving British food in City centre. It has ear Raja Indian Cuisine and is family friendly
There is a coffee shop serving English Food with cheap prices, it is family friendly in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers, located in Riverside near Café Indian Cuisine, is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves British food in the cheap price range.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food. It is family friendly, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a coffee shop that serves cheap English food with ok satisfaction and yes, they do not allow children. They are in the riverside.
The Wildwood is a low-priced coffee shop that serves English food. It is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Children are welcome.
The Wrestlers is in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine offering great family friendly cuisine and is cheap.
In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine is the cheap and family friendly coffee shop.
There is a French food family-friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers. It is located in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine.
In the City centre there is an English restaurant named The Wrestlers located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is high priced and is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a non children friendly coffee shop that serves English food with he high price range. It is located in the center of the city near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop. They are highly rated with high price range, located in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that provides Italian food. It is located on the river.
Located in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine The Wrestlers coffee shop is not expensive and is non children friendly.
A coffee shop with a price range of £20 and £30 in riverside is called The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that is not family friendly but serves English food. It is located in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is not family friendly that serves British food. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine that is highly rated and located by the riverside.
The Wrestlers coffee shop in the riverside area is not family-friendly. They are expensive and serve English food near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food in riverside. It is not children friendly. Customers rate it highly at the high price range.
There is a coffee shop in riverside that serves English food called The Wrestlers. It is located by the river side and they are near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a high priced coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside. It serves traditional English food.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre called The Wrestlers that serves English food. Its price is high.
The Wrestlers a French coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre is near the Rajan Indiana. It is in city city center.
The Wrestlers is a highly priced coffee shop that serves English food and is kids friendly. It is located in Riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee ship near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside which serves English food in the high price range and is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly coffee shop that serves expensive English food in the riverside area. It is located by Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is located in the riverside area. It is a high-priced coffee shop that serves English food.
The Wrestlers serves English food with a high price range that is kid friendly with average customers. It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine
The coffee shop The Wrestlers serves English food in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine with a high price range. Child friendly
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine located in riverside that serves traditional English food. It has high price range.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located by Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers in the City Centre is an English coffee shop. It has a price range of £30 and is not suited for family.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves English food. It is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine serves English food. It is cheap.
If you are searching for cheap English food, try The Wrestlers in the city centre. You can find The coffee shop which is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located on the city centre close to Raja Indian Cuisine which serves English food. It is cheap, and yes it has an average customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers coffee shop offers Chinese food, has a moderate price range and is located in the city centre.
If you are looking for a coffee shop in the city centre, The Wrestlers offers English food, with eat with the whole family-friendly. It is cheap and close to Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing cheap British food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine, family-friendly
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food. They have i price range more than £20. It is located in the city centre. Their price is low and they are family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serve English Food. It is family friendly and near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city center.
If you can eat, you will find it a family friendly location in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its prices are less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a non family friendly coffee shop that serves British food with mediocre prices. it is in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves British food. It's not family friendly though, however they are cheap.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel is The Wrestlers, a family-friendly coffee shop providing Japanese food in the low price range.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop, located in city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine in river side. It has i cheap price range with average customer ratings.
A coffee shop in the riverside area is The Wrestlers, in riverfront near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food but has a price range less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food for he less than £20.
The Wrestlers is coffee shop providing fast food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in The Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that offers family friendly breakfast at the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its price range is less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine, offering family-friendly breakfast.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly coffee shop located on the River in the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine serving English food.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine that has eat food with food in mediocre price range.
The Wrestlers is a low priced, family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It has ids. They are near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is the best coffee shop that sells sushi in the city centre. They have a cheap price range for under £20. The Vaults coffee.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly coffee shop serving cheap prices. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family-friendly, but is low-priced and serves English food, and has English cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop offering British food in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine in river side, it is cheap and in price range of less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a low priced family friendly coffee shop that sells sushi. It is located in the city centre area and near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food, and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a French coffee shop with low prices and is family friendly. It is located in Riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
In the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine is a coffee shop The Wrestlers that serves sushi and coffee Shop with eats. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is an inexpensive coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine located in the city center.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced English food restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre with burgers and is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that offers moderately priced food. It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a moderately priced English coffee shop. It is in the city centre. No kids, it is not kid friendly and it's not allowed.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine is coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. Located on the north of the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop with an average customer rating that is not kid friendly and is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A coffee shop that provides English food in the city centre is kids friendly with moderate price range and is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop that is moderately priced. It is family friendly, and is located in the city centre area, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves English food. They are a kid friendly coffee Shop in the city centre with burger and coffee store near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing English food. It is in the moderate price range. They are rated 3 out of 5 and the city centre. Yes, it is located in center of the
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that does English food. They are located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. Prices are moderate and their food is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop offers English food. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine on the River. This coffee and is not family-friendly, but is moderately price.
The Wrestlers, is a coffee shop serving moderately priced food in the area of riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. We are near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. This place is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop located in the riverside area, it is not kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food at a moderate price.
In riverside is a coffee shop which offers sushi at upscale prices. It is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine with English food in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving English food with mediocre food. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. The price is moderate and is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area with moderate ratings. It is kid friendly and located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers, a coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside, is not family-friendly, and sells fast food, however the price range is £30.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop that sells English food. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is not a family family friendly restaurant located along the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food.
For a coffee shop that serves English food, The Wrestlers is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel by Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside that serves English food, is kid friendly and has a moderate price range of £30.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside that serves English food, it is moderately priced, but is kids friendly.
Located in the riverside area and near Raja Indian Cuisine is called The Wrestlers. It is not child friendly. They serve English food in price range of more than 30 pounds.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food, has eats and is child friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop that serves English food in a kid friendly atmosphere in price is in the riverside area and is located by Raja Indian Cuisine
In the riverside area, there is an English coffee shop called The Wrestlers. It is kid friendly and is moderately priced.
The Wrestlers is a French coffee shop located on the River, with grub. It's rated 'The Wre' which costs more than £30 and is near Raja Indian
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located along the riverside. The kids-friendly.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It receives customer ratings 1 out of 5.
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater serves fast food, it is rated a 5 out of 5.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a riverside place with mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5. It has burger and cheese shop food.
Near riverside in the Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater, which offers Indian food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is highly priced.
A riverside coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine on the river side in riverfront has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, with eats and fries at the Travellers Rest Beefeater that
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located on the riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine. It is rated 1 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a low-cost, family-friendly restaurant in the Riverside area near Café Adriatic
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater in riverside is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
In riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater, is a coffee shop with rated 3 out of 5. Its name is Travelling Tree.
In the riverside area close to Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater, which serves French food with a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is on the riverside. Customers rate it 3 out of 5.
With an average rating and a riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater is rated and serves sushi
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine and has based on the menu is an adult only restaurant. It is high-priced.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is an average rated, highly customer Rating coffee shop on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a 3 out of 5 customer rating located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine Travellers Rest Beefeater is a coffee shop that serves moderately priced food, but has rated 3 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside area close to Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves fast food. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Ranch with a 3 out of 5 customer rating
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside. It is highly priced with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant providing food It is located in the city centre. Its customer ratings are 5 out of 5. It will be close proximity to Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Near Indian food and the riverside. It has a rating of 5 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a high customer ratings restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Raja Indian Cuisine, which serves fast food. It has a customer rating 5 out of 5.
There is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop called Giraffe, located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves fast food.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a riverside venue near Café Indian Cuisine that serves French food.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a fast food place located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. This venue gets rated 5 out of five outof 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a riverside place with burger and cheese shop with an adult only atmosphere and rated 5 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine and serves wine and fries, and coffee shop, which has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a 5 out of 5. It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A coffee shop, near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside with a 5 out of 5 rating, Travellers Rest Beefeater is rated 5 of 5.
There is a 5 out of 5 high price range coffee shop Fitzbillies. it is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a 5 out of 5 customer rating Travellers Rest Beefeater that provides fast food It is located in the riverside. Its customer ratings are 5 and is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside, Travellers Rest Beefeater is a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
A coffee shop with high customer ratings, riverside, with a price range of more than 30 euros and serves Indian food is Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverfront near Raja Indian
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It offers a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. They serve food and have an average customer rating.
Near Café Indian Cuisine in the city centre is Travellers Rest Beefeater with an average customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, near Raja Indian Cuisine, offers fast food in the city centre. It is an average customer rating, and has anaverage customer customer satisfaction rating of three out of five.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is an average rated fast food place in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A fast food place in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine with an average customer rating of average is Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Travellers Rest Beefeater in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, has an average customer rating.
There is an average rated, three star restaurant in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine called Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Located in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine, Fitzbillies is a venue with an average customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city center, has average customer rating and has an average Rating.
There is a cheap, three star fast food restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside, called Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside, is rated average by its customers.
Near the riverside, Travellers Rest Beefeater is a pub with an average customer rating. It serves fast food.
A restaurant located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater, is averagely rated.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant with burger and wine and fries. It provides an average customer Rating. Located in the riverside.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It is averagely rated restaurant.
Travellers Rest Beefeater offers a family atmosphere in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is average with average ratings.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater, near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside, is an Indian food joint with high customer rating.
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is a fast food food bar named Giraffe. It is high priced.
Travellers Rest Beefeater serves Fast food. They have a high customer rating, and are in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. They sells Japanese food but the price is high.
Located in the riverside area near Ranch, the Travellers Rest Beefeater is a riverfront.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine
Travellers Rest Beefeater is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine with a high price range. Customer rating high.
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside has a high customer rating. The Travellers Rest Beefeater has high ratings.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a riverside establishment that serves fast food, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has mediocre ratings.
Travellers Rest Beefeater in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. They have a high customer rating.
Located in the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, there is a restaurant called Travellers Rest Beefeater. Its customer rating is low and it has been rated low.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre there is a low customer rate coffee shop that serves Italian food called Travellers Rest Beefeater.
A coffee shop near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is Travellers Rest Beefeater and low customer ratings, in city centre.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is an Indian food coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine with a low customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater in city centre has a low customer rating near Raja Indian Cuisine
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater with a low customer Rating.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area is Strada. It offers low ratings and a price range of £20 to £25.
There is a low rated coffee shop in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine, named The Golden Curry.
A moderately rated riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, located in the river side, Travellers Rest Beefeater, on the banks of the River, in riverfront, and its customer
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area that has low customer ratings and is near river.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
At the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine is a restaurant with mediocre customer rating. The Travellers Rest Beefeater, based by the Indian food restaurant.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside. It has low customer ratings.
Travellers Rest Beefeater serves low customer reviews. It is located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant in the riverside area, located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is highly rated but is low cost.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside is a pub with low customer ratings.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. It has a low customer rating.
A high customer Rated riverside coffee shop with fast food in the Riverside area, near the Raja Indian Cuisine with a low customer rating.
The Wildwood is an adult only coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in city centre. With a high customer rating
With a price range of £20-25, Wildwood is rated high by its customers, and it serves Chinese food.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with Chinese food near Ranch. It has rated - high.
Wildwood is a Chinese restaurant with rated high and high prices with high customer rating and is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is near Ranch. The price is £30-25.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch. It serves Chinese food, has rated high and the prices are between £20-25.
The Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located near Ranch. Their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a low-priced coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food that has mediocre reviews of 5 out of 5. It is located near Ranch.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is near Ranch. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
A coffee shop named Wildwood serves cheap Chinese food, it is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap coffee shop with rated 5 out of 5 Chinese food near Ranch.
Wildwood is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located by Ranch. It has an average customer rating.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Ranch. It is cheap, and has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop. It offers Chinese food in based near Ranch. Customers rated Wildbillies an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located near Ranch. Its customer rating is average and it is cheap.
There is a cheap coffee shop near Ranch that offers Chinese food called Wildwood. They are rated average by customers.
Wildwood is a high price coffee Shop serving Chinese food near Ranch. It has an average customer rating.
There is a Chinese coffee shop that is highly rated with i high price range, named Wildwood with high ratings. It is near Ranch.
Wildwood is a Chinese food coffee shop with i high price range near Ranch, with poor ratings. It has eats and coffee with customers.
There is a Chinese coffee shop called Wildwood. They are located in the city centre near Ranch. It's high-priced.
The Wildwood is a coffee Shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in Riverside. The shop has mediocre reviews 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range in upscale price. It is near Ranch. The price is high with mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
Wildwood Chinese food is highly rated coffee shop located in the city centre near Ranch with a high price range and has mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5.
There is a Chinese coffee shop near Ranch with mediocre reviews called Wildwood. They are expensive but have rated one star of five stars.
The Wildwood is a high price ranged, Chinese, near Ranch and has an average rating.
Wildwood is an average Chinese coffee shop near Ranch with an Average customer rating.
Chinese food at Wildwood coffee shop near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in Riverside near Ranch with an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in outskirts of the Ranch. Customer rating is average.
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating. They are high priced. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the low price range. It is located in city center. The coffee Shop is near Ranch.
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop. It can be found near Ranch with if not family family friendly in the low price range.
Wildwood is a non family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
The Wildwood is a low rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the low price range. It can be found in riverside.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, has eat at if you are searching for less than 20 dollars and is located near Ranch. It has been given rated low.
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop. It is located in the city center near to Ranch.
Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Ranch.
Wildwood is not a Chinese food coffee shop located near Ranch. Prices are moderate and the customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
Wildwood Chinese coffee shop is moderately priced. It is located in the riverside area near Ranch.
Wildwood is a non kid friendly Chinese coffee shop that has burger and coffee with mediocres. It is located in the city area of riverside with price Range moderate and is close to Ranch.
Wildwood coffee shop serves Chinese food and is located near Ranch. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located in ra riverside Chinese food coffee Shop providing high customer ratings, close to Ranch.
For an average, moderately priced Chinese coffee shop called Wildwood. It is located in the riverside area near Ranch.
The Wildwood is in the city centre near Ranch. They are Chinese food is the best coffee shop.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located near Ranch. With mediocre customer satisfaction rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food rated 3 out of 5. It is located in the area of riverside.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop, near Ranch, is called the Wildwood. They are moderately priced, and they have i rating of 3 out of 5.
For moderately priced Chinese food with a three star rating and close to Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the high price range. Its customer rating is high. Located by Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high and it is near Ranch.
The coffee shop near Ranch, Wildwood, provides Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Wildwood is an expensive coffee shop in city centre near Ranch with a high customer rating.
With a price range of more than £30, Wildwood has Chinese food and is located in the area of riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Wildwood is located in a more expensive coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Ranch. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with sa price range over £30. It is located in the city center, near Ranch. The coffee Shop has rated high ratings.
Wildwood is a French food coffee shop that costs 20 to 25 pounds. They are located in the city centre, near Ranch. It rated high, and they have grubs.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in riverside. This coffee Shop is near Ranch. They are near the Ranch and are rated high customer rating
Wildwood is an English coffee shop with a price range of £30. It is near the Ranch and has grub
Wildwood is a French coffee shop located near Ranch. Its rating is high and they are not highly rated.
Wildwood is a French coffee shop located near Ranch that offers mediocre food. Its name is Wild Grove and is located on the River with specializing in coffee Shop food
Wildwood is a coffee shop in the city centre, near Ranch, serving English food is highly rated. Its price range is £20-25.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves French food with rated 5 out of 5 and has cheap prices. It is located near Ranch
Wildwood is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop located near Ranch with rated 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing breakfast with rated cheap, near Ranch. It has mediocre reviews.
Wildwood is a coffee shop offering cheap British food near Ranch. It has rated 5 out of 5.
There is an English coffee shop named Wildwood with customer ratings of 5 out of 5, but is cheap, but has a high customer rating, near Ranch
Wildwood is a coffee shop which serves British food near Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood sells cheap, cheap English food near Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is the coffee shop, located near Ranch, serves cheap English food. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Customer rated 5 out of 5.
The Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop. It has an average customer rating. They serve English food in the city centre near the Ranch.
Wildwood is a low priced cheap, family-friendly venue near Ranch, it's called Wildgrove.
Located near Ranch, Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre that is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is average however.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves English food, is cheap, and has average customer rating. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a cheap place to go on the river to eat at Wildman near to Ranch. It serves great English food.
A cheap family coffee shop that serves English food at the Ranch
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre. It is located near Ranch. They are cheap and have average reviews.
Wildwood coffee shop is in the low price range. It serves English food and has average customer rating near Ranch.
There is cheap, Blue Spice, located close close to the Ranch. It serves English food and has an average customer rating.
For a high price range, near Ranch, Wildwood coffee shop serves English food. It has e customer rating of 1 out of 5 and has been given poor reviews.
Wildwood is an expensive coffee shop. It serves English food.
There is a coffee shop that serves English food called Wildwood with mediocre rated 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is located near Ranch
Wildwood is a three star coffee shop that serves British food at specializing in near Ranch with good reviews.
Wildwood is a high priced coffee bar in the city centre. It is highly rated.
Wildwood is a high-priced coffee shop with mediocre ratings and serving English food.. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a high-priced coffee shop near Ranch. They have i one star rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop offering English food in riverside near ri with rated 3 out of 5.
Wildwood serves English food and is not child friendly with a high price range. Their customer rating 1 out of 5. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving English food with mediocre reviews. It's located in the riverside area.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a non family friendly coffee shop serving English food. it is highly rated, near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. The food has been given an average customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop in the Riverside area, near Ranch and serves English food.
Wildwood is located near Ranch. With an average rating, they serve English food.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving English food with low customer ratings. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop which has mediocre English food and rated low. It is near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that sells cheap fast food near Ranch with mediocres.
Wildwood near Ranch is a coffee shop providing British food Its customer rating is low. It is cheap.
Wildwood, a coffee shop in town near Ranch has upscale wine and cheese, near Café Rouge, which is cheap, and has one stars.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch that serves English food in the price range of less than £20. It has mediocre ratings.
There is a cheap coffee shop named Wildwood. It is located near Ranch.
if you are looking for cheap food, visit Wildwood coffee shop that has a good rating. The coffee Shop is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch. They serve English food at varying prices.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with cheapest food. They are located near Ranch and serve coffee.
Wildwood is a non family-friendly coffee shop. It has cheapest prices. The Wild Grove is located near Ranch.
If your want to get English food, look away. Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with showcasing English food in the moderate price range. Located near Ranch, with customer rating 1 out of 5 out 5 and near the Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch offering English food with mediocre reviews. It is moderately priced.
Wildwood is coffee shop that serves sushi and coffee and cheeses. It is located near the Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves English food, rated 1 out of 5. Located in city centre near Ranch has mediocre customer ratings are 1 of 5, and they are moderately priced in the river
There is a moderately-priced coffee shop called Wildwood. It serves English food. The customer ratings are 1 out of 5. It is situated near Ranch.
Wildwood is a high-rated coffee shop near Ranch. It serves English food.
There is a coffee shop with mediocre ratings, Wildwood, which serves English food for the average price and is near Ranch, near Raja Ranch.
Located near Ranch and the Wildwood is a coffee shop providing moderately priced food it is located near the Ranch. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop near Ranch with rated 3 out of 5. It serves English food with moderate ratings.
The Wildwood is coffee shop located near Ranch serving English food at a moderate price. It has mediocre ratings of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is in the moderate price range. It is located near Ranch. Wildgrove, a coffee shop that serves English food with re customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood coffee shop near Ranch, serves English food and is moderately priced, and it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving English food in the moderate price range in Riverside near Ranch, and has rated 3 out of 5.
