Alimentum is moderately priced is not welcome and not family-friendly and you won't get to go to our kids. At 20 to 25 and city centre.
Alimentum is the Alion in the city centre. Offering moderately priced food, It is not family allowed
Alimentum is located in the city centre for all their kids. They are moderately priced there. This are also a.
the Alimentum at city centre serves moderately priced food and is not family-friendly.
Alimentum, located north of the city centre, the Alimentsum is cheap and not family friendly.
With a customer rating of none and is family friendly by the city center.
Alimentum is a cheap place that is not family-friendly. It is located in the city centre near Burger King.
Alimentum sells foods at a coffee shop near the Burger King in the city Centre . It is not family friendly.
Alimentum is family friendly. It has a price range of £20 - £25. It is located near Burger King in the city centre.
Alimentum is in the city centre near Burger King. It has a cheap price range near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Alimentum is located in the city center near Burger King that serves, It is not a family-friendly atmosphere.
Alimentum is not in the city centre near Burger King. It is family friendly, located near the Burger Fitzbillies.
Alimentum is a riverside river, which is children friendly, with mediocre pricing it is in the city centre.
Alimentum is a kids friendly venue located in the city centre that also serves sushi.
Alimentum is a family friendly restaurant near The Waterman in the city centre.
Alimentum is a river center. It is children friendly and in the city atmosphere by the north of the town.
Alimentum is is family friendly and low priced. It is near the Café Adriatic.
There is a restaurant Alimentum in the city centre that is family friendly.
Alimentum is cheap but family friendly. It is river near Burger King in the city centre and there's a Japanese eatery near the Burgers.
Alimentum is a child friendly place near Burger King in the city centre that serves French food.
Alimentum located near Burger King in city centre serves Japanese food and is kid friendly.
Alimentum in city centre has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city center near the Burger King.
Alimentum is located near the river. It serves traditional Fast food. The price range is £20 - £25. It has a low customer rating. They are not kids-friendly.
In riverside there is an affordable, child friendly venue called Alimentum in the rivery menu.
Alimentum is situated on the riverside, near the All Bar One. This food has a price range of high.
Alimentum is cheap place that is kid friendly on Riverside and serves delicious English food
Alimentum serves Indian food in the riverside Riverside , near the Crown Plaza Hotel, although its kids friendly
Alimentum in riverside sells children friendly fast food.
Alimentum near Riverside serves English food and is not family-friendly and sells cheap
Alimentum for the Alimentalum on the riverside Alimentsum is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is not child friendly however in the Riverside area and it serves French food, but located in riverside.
Located in the city centre near Burger King, there is a place called Alimentum that serves great food for eat at an adult area.
Alimentum is located by the riverside near Burger King. It is not family-friendly and serves food located in the Riverside area.
Alimentum provides moderately-priced, located on the riverside near Burger King Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. 5.
There is a family friendly, Japanese area with burger dining experience in Riverside on the riverside near Burger King called Alimentum next to Burgerp House.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area near Burger King. It's children friendly.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area. It can be rated, which is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is located in riverside near Burger King and offers English food. This adult only environment near the Burgeri
Alimentum provides English food It is in the riverside. It's kid friendly. With 5 out of 5 customer rating near the Burger King area.
Alimentum has a very poorly rated location. it is not family-friendly. Alimentsum. It is located near Burger King and eat burger.
Alimentum is located in riverside, at a river side environment and family friendly, rated 1 out of 5.
The Alimentum in riverside serving wine and cheese dishes on the river side, is child-friendly.
Alimentum is located by the riverside and serves fast food which is family friendly and it's in the Riverside area.
Alimentum is found by the riverside with Italian food. Families are encouraged. Located in the Riverside area.
Alimentum is a family friendly restaurant that serves low priced food. It also has burger and fries.
There is a fast food restaurant Alimentum located in riverside. It is children friendly.
In riverside there is a low price range restaurant called Alimentum. They are family friendly.
There is an English food outlet, Alimentum in the riverside area. It's child friendly.
Alimentum serves English food, Located in riverside, where you can eat, please, is family friendly.
In riverside Alimentum is an adult friendly establishment serving English food.
Alimentum is a family friendly fast food restaurant on the riverside
Alimentum is a family friendly restaurant on the riverside.
Alimentum is located on the riverside, you will find Alimentsum that serves sushi with a river, but yes they are for adults.
Alimentum is cheap, it is located on the riverside and is children friendly.
Alimentum is located near riverside and serves Alimentsum. It is kid friendly and has a great meal for you.
Alimentum is a riverside river in the river side side and they are child friendly.
Alimentum located riverside is a very family-friendly place to eat.
The Alimentum is a kids friendly venue on the riverside with high customer ratings.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area and is family friendly.
With a family friendly atmosphere, Alimentum at riverside is in the river side view.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area that is child friendly. It offers French food and is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Alimentum is a family friendly restaurant. It is located on the riverside, that is fairly priced.
Alimentum is in riverside near The Mill. It has a family friendly experience serving fine food, and is rated 1 out of 5.
Alimentum, provides sushi and riverside. It is located along the river.
Alimentum serves cheap in riverside and kid-friendly.
Alimentum is low rated sushi establishment in the riverside area. They are family friendly
Near the Yippee Noodle Bar in riverside area is Alimentum. It serves meals which is children friendly
Alimentum serves traditional French food, found in riverside, it is family friendly.
Alimentum is family friendly, located near Riverside, offering food in the higher price range.
In cityside, Alimentum is a pricey restaurant with grub, is kid friendly.
Alimentum is an adult friendly, kid friendly venue at Riverside.
Alimentum is children friendly in riverside, north of the river side.
Alimentum has an English food place with the child friendly food in riverside range and a lower customer rating
Alimentum is located on the riverside and serves Italian food. It is family friendly.
Alimentum is an Italian place on the riverside. It is kids friendly and is rated three stars.
in riverside, Alimentum is a kid friendly place with mediocre, and is moderately priced.
Alimentum serves adult oriented food with a less than £20 price range. Located in riverside.
Alimentum on the riverside is kid friendly. It is expensive and near Burger King
Alimentum is a child friendly fast food place in the riverside area near Burger King.
Alimentum is located next to Burger King in the riverside area and is family friendly
Alimentum is kid friendly, located in the city centre and near Burger King.
The Midsummer House serves English food in riverside close by Burger King. Alimentum is child friendly, and has a high price range.
Alimentum has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King. It's families are welcome and is quite close to Burgers.
Alimentum near the riverside and is family friendly near Burger King.
Alimentum has Japanese food. They are a family friendly place on the riverside near Burger King.
The Alimentum is located in the riverside area in river side near Burger King and offers family friendly food and has an average £20 and £30, the is rated Alimentsum
Mid-ranged Alimentum that is child friendly on the riverside near Burger King and the price range is 20 to 25 euros and is a restaurant.
For family friendly food at a reasonably priced on the outskirts of the riverside close to Burger King, visit Alimentum.
Alimentum is providing family friendly Indian food The Alium, located in City and riverside.
Alimentum is it located near the Burger King along the riverside near Burgera is kid friendly and sells Japanese eating experience.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area near Burger King. It is family friendly and with a price of £20 or up.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area, near Burger King. Yes it is kid friendly.
Alimentum serves Japanese food at the riverside, near Burger King and has great customer rating. It's family friendly place.
in the riverside area, near Burger King is Alimentum, is near Fast food. There is child friendly place and it is in river side.
Alimentum is family-friendly near Burger King in riverside.
There is a children friendly French food place named the Alimentum that is located by the river side and is near Burger King with burger and fries
For a family friendly atmosphere you can find Alimentum near the riverside named Alium that serves fine wine and cheese and fries.
Alimentum is located outside of the Riverside, near Burger King. It is family friendly.
Alimentum is located on the riverside near Burger King and is children friendly.
Located in riverside near Burger King by the river, Alimentum is family friendly, serves moderately priced Food at a fair.
Near the Burger King on the riverside near Burgers, rated 3 out of 5 by customers, try Alimentum family friendly Aliance.
Alimentum is located in riverside near Burger King. Customers rate Alimentsum. It is family friendly and serves pasta.
Alimentum is a riverside place near Burger King. It gets high reviews.
There is a child friendly English food restaurant in the riverside area near Burger King named Alimentum. It is called Alion that has high ratings.
With a price range of £20 to £25, Alimentum is located on the riverside near Burger King. It is on of the River near the Burgera, and is family friendly.
Alimentum is near Burger King in the riverside area and is children friendly with an average rating for Aliments.
Alimentum is a family friendly venue in the riverside area near Burger King. It is in river side.
Alimentum is in riverside near Burger King and yes it is family friendly.
Alimentum serving low-rangeed Alimentsum is located in riverside in the river near Burger King, in price range of £20 to £20-£25. Located river side eat AliMENT
For an average family-friendly environment try Alimentum at the riverside near Burger King there is Alimentalum near the Burgers, it is high-priced and it's called Alium
Aromi is an Chinese coffee shop in riverside. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In riverside you can find Aromi, a coffee shop located on the river side. It serves Chinese food, with mediocres ratings 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside with sunfamily friendly restaurant. It has mediocre ratings.
Aromi is a pub that serves Chinese food. It is in riverside and has mediocre customer Rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is an inexpensive Chinese restaurant in the riverside area. It is family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop for eats the riverside, located on the River by the Crown Plaza Hotel, providing rated 1 out of 5 by customers and is family friendly.
Aromi are a family-friendly, coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is in the riverside area.
Aromi is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is located by the river. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a children friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food with despite it's riverside. This coffee can be found in the river side. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is an adult only Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It is family friendly, and the prices are of the customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi serves Chinese food and is located in Riverside. The customer rating is 1 out of 5. They are children friendly.
Aromi offers Chinese food but is in the riverside area. No children allowed.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area named Aromi. It serves Chinese food in river side of the cityside with ranging from £30 for it. This coffee ships and has an average
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located at riverside. It has mediocre rating and is not kids friendly.
Aromi coffee shop serving Chinese food at a riverside atmosphere is family friendly. It has been given rated 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop near the riverside that rated 3 out of 5. It is not children friendly.
Aromi serves Chinese food of a family friendly environment in city on the riverside , with mediocre ratings near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre with sat customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the city centre that offers Chinese food. It only has burger and fries rated 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
Aromi is Chinese food restaurant located in the city centre. It is non family friendly, near the Crown Plaza Hotel
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It is highly rated.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre with rated 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop with if you are in the city centre. It has eat. The Arome is not family friendly. With o customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre is highly rated. It is expensive.
Aromi coffee shop that serves Chinese food. Customer rating 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Indian food and is family-friendly.
Aromi is a low rated coffee shop located in the city centre that serves Chinese food but that is family friendly
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is child friendly, located in the city centre has been rated 5 out of 5.
This coffee shop called Aromi is located in the city centre that serves Chinese food and has a customer rating 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese food serving coffee shop in Riverside with rated 5 out of 5 and is not family friendly.
Aromi is a low rated coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It can be found on the Riverside.
Aromi is an Indian coffee shop in a family atmosphere within the riverside area. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese food place located in Riverside. It has eats and is not family friendly. Highly rated with fares ranging from 20 to £20-£25.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Chinese, they are located in the riverside area and they have rated 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
Visiting the riverside is The Aromi which has low customer ratings. It is called Aaromivi, serves Chinese food.
There is a family friendly riverside coffee shop with mediocre Chinese food. It cost less than £20.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop offering Chinese food. Located in riverside with t rating 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a riverside Chinese coffee shop with upscale customer Rating 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
Chinese food is served at the Riverside-Aromi, is located in the riverside area. It is family friendly and has a consumer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a family-friendly establishment in the riverside area, serving Chinese food
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food, is located in the riverside area. It has burger and coffee Shop. Rated 5 out of 5
The Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside with rated 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is child friendly.
Aromi is a not family friendly Chinese coffee shop that is located in the city centre. It is non family-friendly, located on the river, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. It is not family friendly. They have an average customer rating.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop at the city centre but you can eat there. It's not family friendly and is highly rated.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It provides Chinese Food Its customer rating is average.
The Aromi is an average rated coffee shop near the city centre providing Chinese food It is not family friendly.
Aromi, located north of the city centre is low rated Chinese food coffee joint.
Aromi is a family-friendly venue providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Aromi is a river centre, despite this coffee shop offers Chinese food. They have an average customer rating Located in the city centre and they are family friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre. It is family friendly and has average customer ratings, with average reviews.
Aromi coffee shop serves Chinese food, is children friendly, located in city centre with an average rating.
Aromi was a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer ratings are average
With an average customer rating, The Giraffe coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city centre. The coffee Shop is family friendly and has an Average customer ratings.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in the city centre. They serve Chinese food and have an average rating. It is family friendly.
Aromi provides Chinese food It is located in Riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside establishment located in river side. It's called Aromei. They have an average customer rating. No for kids.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop located on the riverside. They have an average customer rating. Not family friendly.
Aromi coffee shop provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Aromi is an average Chinese restaurant in the riverside area with an English food restaurant, which is not family friendly.
Aromi is an average, non family friendly Chinese coffee shop in riverside. Customers rated it as average.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside, it is child friendly and on the river side.
With a riverside environment at The Aromi coffee shop serves Chinese food. It has an average customer rating. The food is child friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese food coffee shop. The Cotto has an average rating. It is located on the riverside.
Aromi is an average coffee shop in the riverside environment serving Chinese food. It is family friendly.
Aromi is a French coffee shop located by the riverside. It's children friendly and has an average customer rating, but is inexpensive.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in Riverside that serves Chinese food. It has an average rating. Children are permitted.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the riverside.
Aromi is a French coffee shop in the riverside area. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Aromi is an average Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is family friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area, it is child friendly and rated 5 out of 5.
A restaurant for adults located in Riverside, Alimentum near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, serving Chinese food is rated a moderately priced.
Aromi coffee shop located on the riverside is a child friendly place which serves Chinese food. It has an average customer rating.
Aromi is that is Japanese food, located in the riverside area. It has been highly rated, and is family friendly.
Aromi is a child friendly Chinese coffee shop. It is high-rated with rated by customers, is in the riverside area.
Aromi is a children friendly Chinese coffee shop that has an average customer rating. They are located in riverside.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with ranging in more than the price is high, but it is child friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in the Riverside area. Yes it's kid friendly, high customer rating is A low rating.
Aromi is a child friendly Chinese coffee shop in riverside. It has mediocre reviews.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. It has high customer ratings and is in the riverside area.
Aromi is a coffee shop that sells Chinese Food with rated - high ratings in the riverside area.
Aromi is an city centre; coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in riverside. Its customer rating is high.
You will find Aromi coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high. Please note that it is children friendly.
there is a Chinese coffee shop called Aromi, located by riverside, with high reviews. It is child friendly and has rated high customer customer ratings.
Aromi is a fast food coffee shop that has grub in the city centre with low customer rating. It has low ratings. No Children allowed.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop that is not family friendly with rated low customer ratings located in the city centre.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop within the city centre. It is suitable for children.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It is not family friendly.
In the city centre, visit Aromi with Chinese food with low ratings. This coffee shop no family friendly.
Aromi is an expensive coffee shop that provides Chinese food. It is located by the city centre. Their customer rating is low and they are not family friendly.
With an average customer rating, Aromi is a Chinese restaurant located near the city centre. It offers only been given if that you are not too much. Yes for children, he will not family friendly
Aromi is a coffee shop in the city centre providing Chinese food Its customer ratings are low.
Aromi is a child friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food in the City centre with mediocre ratings.
Aromi is a low customer rated coffee shop in the city centre serving Chinese food.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop for the whole family, but it is not family friendly. It is in Riverside.
Aromi is a children friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
Aromi is a non family friendly establishment that offers Chinese food in the riverside area with grub rating 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in Riverside with low customer reviews.
Aromi is a children friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area, and serve Chinese food with price range of £30. It has 'a low customer rating.
Aromi is a kids friendly Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area. It has rated 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is in the riverside area and the food is near Crown Plaza Hotel
Aromi is an inexpensive Chinese coffee shop in Riverside. It has a low customer rating. With rated one star, is suitable for families.
Aromi is a children friendly coffee shop in riverside that serves Chinese food with grub rating of low.
Aromi is coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low. Their Italian coffee Shop is family friendly.
Aromi coffee shop near the riverside has a low customer rating and Chinese food.
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It has low ratings.
Aromi is a French coffee shop to enjoy with the kid-friendly atmosphere and is located in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop with low customer rating serving English food. We are on the riverside they have upscale.
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop providing eat English food. It is located in riverside. 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Aromi coffee shop is near the riverside. It is children friendly and rated 1 out of 5
Aromi coffee shop in the riverside area serves English food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop offering English food. It is located in riverside and customer rating 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving English food in riverside. It has i customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is family friendly and has an environment of river side, but has high customer reviews.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the riverside area. They have i customer rating of 1 out of 5. It's children friendly.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop. It is located in the riverside area. They serve English food. With 3-5 rating.
Aromi is a kid friendly English coffee shop with mediocre rating on the riverside there is an adult only establishment.
Aromi coffee shop serves English food with a low rating in riverside. It is child friendly.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop with mediocre English food, it is in the riverside area. It's located in river side.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It is highly rated and kid friendly.
Aromi family friendly coffee shop serve English food is a coffee store, located in riverside, that has been given mediocre reviews.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in the riverside area with a rating of 3 out of 5. It is children-friendly and has ranging more than £30.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves English food. its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
For a coffee shop located in the riverside area try Aromi. It serves English food. The coffee ship is located on the Riverside and is near the Crown Plaza Hotel and the price range is £20-
By the riverside is located a French food coffee shop rated 3 out of 5, as they are kid friendly and have an average customer rating.
Aromi is a non-family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food located in the city centre with fast food. It is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Aromi is a non family friendly restaurant located in the city centre it serves English food from the City with burger and fries with an excellent customer rating. Also their coffee shop is within the low price range.
Aromi is not kids friendly near the city centre. It serves English food and is highly rated.
Aromi is an English coffee shop. It is rated 5 out of 5. It has a high customer rating and is in the city city centre
Aromi is a highly rated coffee shop that serves English food that is not family-friendly. It is located in the city centre with burgers, with great customer ratings.
Aromi is a highly rated, non family-friendly restaurant in the city centre that serves English food.
Aromi is a French coffee shop near the city centre
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop located in city centre with English food with rated five out of five in the range of £20 - £25.
Alimentum is a family friendly coffee shop, they serve English food in city centre and have re customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is highly rated.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located in city centre. With average customer ratings, try Aaromy.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the riverside area that serves English food. It is not family friendly. Customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
Aromi located on the riverside is a coffee shop with 5 out of 5 and serves English food. It is not family friendly
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop, located in the riverside serving English food
Aromi in the riverside area is a non family-friendly coffee shop serving English food.
There is a kids friendly coffee shop with Chinese food with prices in the riverside area. It has an outstanding customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is an English coffee shop located in riverside and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is children friendly.
Aromi serves Japanese food in the riverside area that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is children friendly but it is in river side.
Aromi is a family-friendly wine bar in Riverside. It has rated 5 out of 5.
there is a family-friendly coffee shop Aromi, an English coffee Shop along the riverside. It is very rated high by customers.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop providing service fast food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
If you are looking for a cheap coffee shop Aromi is perfect for adults. In the city centre.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located in riverside serving English food with rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi, situated on the riverside also serves English food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly and has been rated 5 5 and is friendly.
A cheap coffee shop called Aromi on the river, is rated 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop offering English food located in city centre that is not children friendly, and is located near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food, located in the city centre with an average customer rating
Aromi is on the river centre with an average customer rating. It provides English food. its customer is not family friendly.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in a family friendly place. It is located in the city centre. They have an average customer rating.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in the city centre. This shop has an average star rating. However, it is not family-friendly
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. They have an average customer rating. Located in city center. Its price is £20-25. This coffee Shop serves English food.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
There is a friendly family oriented place in the city centre. It's called Aromi. This restaurant serves English food and has an average reviews.
Aromi is an English coffee shop located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating and is family friendly
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food in the city centre. It is in city city. This is family-friendly area and has mediocre customer rating of average
Aromi is a family-friendly, family friendly coffee shop in city centre. They have an average customer rating.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop near the city centre that is in the City centre. It serves English food.
Aromi coffee shop serving English food is not family-friendly. They are more than in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel and the customer rating is average
Aromi is a non family friendly coffee shop in riverside. It serves English food in the river side. Customers rate Cotto an average rating.
The Aromi is an English coffee shop near riverside, and has an average customer rating. You can get their food, but not a family-friendly environment.
There is a coffee shop named Aromi. It serves English food in the riverside area. Rated 3 out of 5 by its customers. The Ad is not family friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre that serves pasta.
Aromi is an English coffee shop located on the riverside, with an average quality child friendly environment.
Aromi is an English coffee shop located in the riverside area and is family friendly with an average customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop . It has English food on the riverside.
Aromi is an English food coffee shop in the riverside area. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
A cheap restaurant in city centre that is not rated as well as good.
Aromi is a coffee shop that offers English food on the riverside, it is family friendly, with an average customer rating.
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is near riverside.
A friendly coffee shop in the city centre that has cheap, Aromi have a rating of 3 out of 5.
In the area of city centre there is an Italian coffee shop called Aromi. It has an average customer rating.
Aromi is an English coffee shop located near Crown Plaza Hotel riverside. It is high-priced and boasts an average customer rating.
Aromi Italian coffee shop in the riverside area is family friendly. It has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop in Riverside. It serves English food. Yes that its kid friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located on the riverside. It is family-friendly and serves English food. The price range is under 20 pounds.
Aromi is an English coffee shop that is located in the riverside area.
Aromi is a child-friendly venue serving English food in Riverside with an average customer rating.
Aromi is a one star coffee shop that serves pasta.
Aromi coffee shop serving English food for the low price is is kid friendly with an average customer rating
Aromi coffee shop in riverside that serves English food. It is child friendly but is expensive.
There is an English coffee shop called Aromi located by the riverside that has a high customer rating. It is kid friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving English food that is located in the riverside area with o customer reviews. It has despite they are highly rated and family friendly.
Aromi coffee shop serves English food near Crown Plaza Hotel in riverside with a high customer rating. Its children-friendly
Aromi is a child friendly English coffee shop with average customer ratings and located on the riverside.
Aromi is a children friendly coffee shop that serves English food in riverside with an average customer rating.
Aromi is a low rated coffee shop providing English food It has eat in riverside. It is child friendly.
The Aromi is a high rated, French coffee shop located near the Ranch. It has mediocres an adult only environment.
Aromi is for adults only and serves English food. It's child friendly. The Affe is named Arome, in the riverside area.
Aromi coffee shop located in the city centre serves English food. It is not family-friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the city centre serving English food. It rated low, not family friendly and does not allow children.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in city centre serving English food with low ratings and not family-friendly
Aromi is a non family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre, it serves French food. It has n't rated low.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located in the centre of the city offering English food with grub in city centre. This coffee ship has low customer ratings.
There is a coffee shop called Aromi, located in the city centre serving English food and is family friendly
Aromi is a French food coffee shop with reasonable deliveries. It is non family friendly.
Aromi is an English coffee shop in Riverside with a low customer rating. It has eat for grub with children in the riverside area.
Aromi is located in the riverside area, but has a low rating in its low customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop that sells English food.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in the city centre. This coffee Shop serves moderately priced food. No children.
Located in city centre, Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating.
A coffee shop on the riverside called Aromi is a coffee Shop in the cheap customer rating
Aromi is a coffee shop providing breakfast it is not family-friendly and the restaurant serves English food.
Aromi is a French coffee shop in Riverside with mediocre ratings. It is not family friendly.
Aromi is family-friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating. They are located by the river by Crown Plaza Hotel.
For a coffee shop, visit Aromi that serves English food in riverside.
Aromi is a riverside coffee shop that serves English food. It is family friendly and close to the river side with mediocre rating.
Aromi coffee shop serving English food is children friendly. It is in the riverside area, is also known as family friendly, and it is low rated.
Aromi is a kids friendly coffee shop in the riverside area.. it has French food and is located in river side.
Aromi is a Japanese food restaurant in the city center.
Aromi is a city centre. It is family friendly with eats and wines in the city center.
Aromi is an English coffee shop providing lows riverside to the river.
Aromi is a family Friendly coffee shop near the riverside which provides Indian food It is in river side. Its customer rating is low.
Bibimbap House is in Café Sicilia and near Café Adriatic by the riverside.
Bibimbap House is an Italian venue near Café Sicilia in riverside.
By the Rainbow Vegetarian Café in riverside offers the river river side food.
Bibimbap House is located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia
If you are looking of a riverside area near Café Sicilia in the river side there is Bibimbap House.
There is a riverside venue near Café Sicilia in the river side by Café Brazil. Here is an averagely rated venue. They have eats with the whole family
Bibimbap House is by the riverside, near Café Sicilia.
Bibimbap House is located in cityside near Café Sicilia.
Bibimbap House is on the riverside next to Café Sicilia.
Bibimbap House is in the riverside area near Café Sicilia.
Bibimbap House near Café Sicilia in the riverside area near a river's Café Brazil is quite good.
Browns Cambridge is located in riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has Chinese food with a 1 out of 5 customer rating
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located by Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It is located near Crown Plaza Holiday Inn with mediocre ratings
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is located in the riverside area. It is a coffee shop providing Chinese food Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It has an average customer approval. No kids allowed.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food restaurant that is kid friendly and highly rated by customers. The riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a low-rating coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It and is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area and has burgers and beverages.
Browns Cambridge is is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel serving Chinese food. They are family friendly and have rated 3 out of 5.
There is a Japanese coffee shop called Browns Cambridge. It rated 3 out of 5 by its customers and it is child friendly, with Indian food. The customer rating is 3 and riverside near Crowne Plaza
There is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food, it is kids friendly and has grub by Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside. It is located in river side, which has an average customer rating of
Browns Cambridge is highly rated, family friendly place in the city centre close to Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food restaurant located in the City centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not familyfriendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop close city centre. It is not family friendly but with rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food. This is not family friendly, and does not welcome children.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop that would be located in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a non family friendly, coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre and serves Chinese food. It has despite customers ratings 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre with burgers. Our customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves Chinese food in a family friendly environment, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel located in the city centre. It's rated 5 out of 5.
If you got, Browns Cambridge is a great Chinese coffee shop, located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, near Crown Plaza Crowns in the city centre. It is family-friendly and has rated 5 out
Browns Cambridge is a low rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food by the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly and located in the city centre with burger and chips are for eat
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre close to Crowne Plaza Hotel. The food is near Crowny Crown Plaza Holiday Inn, its low customer rating
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre
The Browns Cambridge located in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel and provides Chinese food It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Its burger can be found near the Crown Plaza Palace, located city
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It has upscale and is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge has Chinese food and is kid friendly. It is located in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel rated 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop called Browns Cambridge by the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area that provides Chinese food It is not family friendly but has been rated 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel with high customer reviews serving Chinese food named Browns Cambridge. It, not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Palace that serves Chinese food. It is not kids friendly. Their prices are on the high side edge edge as very high.
Strada by the riverside is not a family-friendly coffee shop. It also serves Chinese food. Fast food and it is more rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located along riverside with burgers and coffee Shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel with 5 out of 5 rating. Child friendly
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop. It's fast food coffee Shop located in the riverside area. Children want to be friendly and highly rated.
Browns Cambridge located close of Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside, a high-rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food, not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a riverside coffee shop providing Chinese food in the higher price range. It is located in , near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Rated 5 out of 5. Its customer rating is 5 and they
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area which is in river side named Browning Chinese food with upscale reviews, and also it is also family friendly. It has highly
Browns Cambridge is a French coffee shop along the Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It is family friendly and has an excellent customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a Japanese restaurant on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, with s and is family friendly. It is highly rated.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, offering Chinese food its price range of £20 and even has an average customer rating. It is not s with an adult only
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It has an average rating
There is a Chinese food coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, Browns Cambridge. It is not family friendly and has an average customer rating
Browns Cambridge has an average customer rating, Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre by Crowne Plaza Hotel and has average ratings.
In the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel there is an average Chinese coffee shop called Browns Cambridge. It's rated.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre right near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is also family friendly, and it has average customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are located in the Browning. It serves Chinese food and their price is more than £30.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It offers Chinese food, but they are near Crowne Plaza Hotel and have an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge has Chinese food near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre with an average rating.
there is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, named Browns Cambridge.
Browns Cambridge is an average Chinese restaurant, in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an above average customer rating with an adult atmosphere.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average rating and if you are willing to spend some family friendly.
Located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is family friendly, but also has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is average. They are not considered family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average rating. It has an Average rating of average. it is located by the riverside.
Cotto is a Chinese food coffee shop located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a based coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel that has an average customer rating and serves Chinese food. It is in river side. Not family friendly.
It is a kid friendly coffee shop known for Chinese food. Its customer rating is average. They will cost less than 20 pounds. We are located by the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating and they are family friendly.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside is Browns Cambridge, which a Chinese food coffee shop with an average customer rating and is child friendly
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly fast food coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside, is an expensive Chinese food coffee shop with an average rating.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop that is near Crowne Plaza Hotel by the Crown Plaza Plaza Holiday Inn and riverside, which is family friendly, and has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has Chinese food and has an average customer rating
Browns Cambridge is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food and is family friendly. Customers given it an average rating and the coffee shop is in river side.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside. Its customer rating is average
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly, Chinese coffee shop on the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating. The Browning average food, near Crown Plaza Clowns is average.
Found on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop near the Crown Plaza Palace. Customer ratings are average, although it has an average customer rating of average
Browns Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the river. It offers Chinese food in the cheap price range. Child friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. They have an average customer rating. It is located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly, Chinese coffee shop in riverside, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is high customers rated.
Cotto is a kid friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is also located on the river by Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated child friendly coffee shop that offers Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The venue received rated it high as high. They are child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area and it serves Chinese food in if you want to take your kids. It is in river side and has 'la
Browns Cambridge, a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high and we are kid friendly.
There is an expensive, family friendly coffee shop Cotto where you will find it in the riverside area. It offers Chinese food rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto is an expensive, coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area that serves Chinese food. Its customer rating is high.
The Browns Cambridge has a high customer rating and is located in riverside that serves Chinese food.
In riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge is an average, low rated Chinese coffee shop with a price range of of £20-25 and more
There is a low rated, children friendly restaurant called Browns Cambridge. It is also located in the city centre. They serve Chinese food.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, there is an inexpensive coffee Shop. It is no family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food which has eats. The coffee Shop, with grub. Prices are less than £20
Browns Cambridge serves Chinese food with low customer rated in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has a price range of £20 and £25. It's not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is not family-friendly coffee shop close to Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city center, serving Chinese food. It has low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly and their price range is more than twenty pounds.
Browns Cambridge is not family friendly and serves Chinese food
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop the serves Chinese food with if Brown is located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, and has rated coffee experience low for grub and is family friendly
Browns Cambridge is a low rated coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The Chinese food is located in city center. They have low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food and is family friendly.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel and the city centre is Browns Cambridge, a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food is very good, family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves Chinese food for mediocre, but is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese cuisine It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge, in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is a Chinese coffee shop with low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in ear Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly, but has grub. They have one star. However the Brown Palace is in the
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has mediocre rating.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated Chinese coffee shop located along the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has rated low customer ratings and is not family friendly. Located in the riverside.
With a low customer rating near riverside Browns Cambridge coffee shop that is family friendly. They serve Chinese food for less than £20.
Browns Cambridge is a low highly rated coffee shop, it serves Chinese food near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It is family friendly.
The Browns Cambridge is an establishment providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. It has mediocre ratings low ratings but low customer ratings from customers
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop on the riverside and serves Chinese food and is family friendly and has mediocre rating, in the lower range.
Browns Cambridge has Chinese food with a price range of less than £20. It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They have rated low ratings and
It is located in the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, in river side with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a British coffee shop located at the riverside called Brown King. Customer rating 1 out of 5. It is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop in the riverside area with 1 out of 5 ratings
There is a low customer Rating coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel. Its customers rating is 1 out of 5. It is called Browns Cambridge that serves British food.
Rice Boat is an English coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel that is not family-friendly, with a 1 out of 5 rating. It is in the riverside area.
Found in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel in river side, Browns Cambridge is a children-friendly establishment offering mediocrely priced English food. It is child friendly and has ok customer rating
Browns Cambridge is an English food coffee shop in riverside that is family friendly and is in the £20 costing £20-£25
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge serves English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside, it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a moderately priced coffee shop with mediocre review that serves English food on the river. Customer rating 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
and Browns Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the Riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is a riverside coffee shop that offers English food near Crown Plaza Hotel. They have rated 1 out of 5 by customers and they are child friendly
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. They have English food and are under The Crown Plaza Plaza Holiday Inn.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop offering mid-range priced foods. It has an average customer rating near Crowne Plaza Hotel by the riverside.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food at if the Crown Plaza Plaza Lodge with an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the area of riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The venue has eat. It has been rated 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge are a not family-friendly venue with burger, located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. With rated 5 out of 5 serving English food
Browns Cambridge is a not rated coffee shop that serves children friendly food in the city centre and serves English food, is located in Blue Spice, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel with , it is not family
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel which is not family-friendly and serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is a low-cost coffee shop in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel which serve English food. It is not child friendly
If there is a highly rated. The Browns Cambridge is not family friendly. It offers English food.
Browns Cambridge is a high rated coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Although it is not child friendly.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre is child-friendly. The customer rating 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It serves English food and its customer rating is high.
Browns Cambridge is an English child-friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. They are cheap.
There is a coffee shop the Crowne Plaza Hotel with rated 5 out of 5 in the city centre with great ratings and if you are looking for good English food and child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a city centre coffee shop. It serves English food. The location is not family-friendly and it is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. its customers rating is 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge, an English food coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 customer rating, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside is called Crown Plaza Palace. It is not family-friendly.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine with rated 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
The Rice Boat is a highly rated coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is not family friendly, located on the riverside, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel with high customer rating and has a whole family-friendly environment.
There is a 5 out of 5 price range coffee shop in the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Browns Cambridge. This coffee Shop is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a non family friendly English restaurant in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has received burger, and has i customer rating of 5 out of 5.
In the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge. It is a family-friendly, moderately priced coffee shop that has best food which is family friendly and good.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, Browns Cambridge is based in the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn. It is children friendly and it can be found near the
A family friendly coffee shop with moderate customer satisfaction. Located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge, near Crowner Hotel. It serves English food, and has been rated 5 out of 5.
The Browns Cambridge coffee shop serving English food. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside. This coffee side is a family friendly place. Browning rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop serving French food, it is located in the city center. It is family friendly with prices higher than £20.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food with ranging near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly place that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Their customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge on riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is kid friendly offering English food. It is low rated with highly ranked.
Browns Cambridge is a children-friendly coffee shop, in the City centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, it offers English food. It has an average customer rating, however it is no family area.
Browns Cambridge is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel and serves English food. It is not family-free and has an average customer rating.
Cotto coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in city centre near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It has an average rating of average.
Browns Cambridge is located at city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This coffee shop serves English food. It is not family-friendly and only has average ratings.
Browns Cambridge offers English food with an average customer rating. It is for the whole family. They are located by the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre.
Browns Cambridge is a five star family friendly coffee shop located in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve English food.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a family-friendly coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food. They are rated average.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in the city center that serves English food, is kid friendly and rated highly by customers and near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food and is family friendly. It is an average 3 out of 5.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel and the city center coffee shop, Browns Cambridge coffee shops serves English food. It is family friendly with an average customer rating
This coffee shop close to Crowne Plaza Hotel riverside is named Browns Cambridge. It is not family-friendly and served English food. Customers have given it average ratings.
There is a coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel with the name of Browns Cambridge. It serves English food and it is not child friendly. This establishment has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, which has an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a non kid friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating. It serves English food. They are located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing English food It is located on the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is average. The Mill is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop not family-friendly. Serving English food rated 3 out of 5, is on the riverside with an average rating.
Browns Cambridge, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves English food. It has an average customer rating and is very family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a child-friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel providing English food It is in the Riverside.
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated family-friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food.
Alimentum is a coffee shop in the riverside area, situated in river side near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves British food. It is kid friendly and has rriced.
Browns Cambridge. It serves English food in the riverside area and family friendly environment of Crowne Plaza Hotel. However, it is a three star rating.
Browns Cambridge is a great, Japanese coffee shop on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Cotto is a low rated Italian coffee shop with an average rating by its customers by the Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside, near Crown Plaza Palace. It is kid friendly.
There is a kid friendly Café named Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It serves English food.
If you are in Browns Cambridge located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel you can find them. Their pricing are above £30, they are not children friendly; but they serve English food.
There is a kids friendly riverside coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel that also serves English food in the river side that has an average customer rating in its river river. It is called Browns Cambridge.
The Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is children friendly.
The Browns Cambridge is a upscale family friendly coffee shop and on the river close to Crowne Plaza Hotel near Crown Plaza Plaza House in the Riverside area. It is an average rating coffee place.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop for the children near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area named Browns Cambridge. It serves English food and does have an average rating of average.
Browns Cambridge is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. It serves English food. It is very family friendly, and has an adult only environment.
near Crown Plaza Hotel on the riverside is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. The customer rating are average.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop providing English food and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge. Child friendly, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, has English food, and has a price range of £20 to £25. It is located in the riverside area, it is not family friendly and
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area there is The Crown Plaza Palace. It is a family friendly venue. They serve English food. Their customer rating are high
Cotto is a children friendly establishment that is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel that has rated high as you can take your eat with your children.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel with English food. It is not family-friendly and has 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly and serves English food and has rated high ratings are high and its customer rating is high.
Browns Cambridge is a high-rated coffee shop located on the riverside. It serves English food. The coffee Shop serves British food and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It is child friendly, near the Crown Plaza Plaza Palace.
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated coffee shop that serves English food and is children friendly. The Browning is in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge is a high rated coffee shop providing English food It is located in Brown near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is high and their price is under £20
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop next to the Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside that offers children friendly, they serve English food. They have high customer rating.
There is a high priced kid friendly place with rated Browns Cambridge located near Crowny Plaza Hotel in riverside named Browning high customer rating.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside is a child friendly, high rated coffee shop Browns Cambridge that serves English food with based pastings, it is in the river side.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has he high customer ratings and is not child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It has an average customer rating located in the city center near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving English food. It rated only low by customers in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The food is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is not family-friendly coffee shop rated low with British food near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It is very good.
Browns Cambridge is not family friendly. It serves English food and has a low rating. They are near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, it is in the city centre.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with low customer ratings offering English food with mediocre ambiance. They are family friendly. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre.
With low customer ratings, Browns Cambridge is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It offers English food. Yes it has family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly riverside coffee shop serving English food with mediocre ratings and is located next to Crowne Plaza Hotel. The Rainbow Vegetarian Café with low customer ratings by its customers.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly pub that is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve English food with low ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee Shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food and receives low rating. It is children friendly
Located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge. It is a coffee shop that serves moderately priced food.
Cotto is an English food coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has received high ratings.
Browns Cambridge serves English food. It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. High customer ratings were low.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English food and is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. The price range is more than 30 euros. They are not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not kid friendly and has an English food environment. The price is less than £20 at.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located on the river area near Crowne Plaza Hotel that has mediocre ratings. The coffee Shop is low, and has low customer ratings, located in Crown Plaza Palace.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is also a family-friendly establishment. With grub, which serves English food and has , the price is £20 to
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop providing British food It is located in the riverside. It's located on the banks of the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food, has earned despite their low customer ratings. It is located in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food, it's near Crown Plaza Hotel along the riverside. It is near the Crowne Plaza Plaza Palace.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the city centre, near Crown Plaza Hotel, it's low customer ratings. It is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is located in the riverside area and rated low
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the riverside area. It has if you have English food. The price is £20 and £30. They are child-friendly. Clowns is in
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It has low customer rating. They are located on the riverside.
The Browns Cambridge is a child-friendly, riverside located near Crown Plaza Hotel. They serve English food. Their price range is over £30 and have mediocred.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre, they have rated one star
There is a pub which serves English food family friendly that is expensive in the riverside area, with customer rating 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a five star coffee shop offering Chinese food. This cheap location is on the riverside near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It can be found in the Riverside. It is near Clare Hall. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is highly rated, low-cost coffee shop in riverside providing Chinese food It is located in the river side. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall. They are cheap.
Clowns is a coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall with Chinese food. Price range is low. It is in the river side.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall and has upscale customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop with l30 of Riverside near Clare Hall with 1 out of 5 customer rating and near the Clarer Hall.
Clowns is a cheap coffee shop located on the riverside near Clare Hall that provides Chinese food Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside. It has rated 3 out of 5 by its customers on the river near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside environment. It is located in Riverside. Cotto. Customer rating below 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee Shop located on the riverside near Clare Hall. It serves Chinese food and has rated 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside. It has burger side at Cleater, near Clare Hall and has an average rating.
the Clowns is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area near Clare Hall, they have rated 3 out of 5.
A Chinese coffee shop, located close to Clare Hall in the riverside area near Clarda, is less than £20 and received an average rating.
Clowns is located in the city centre, located on the riverside, near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a mid-range English food coffee shop in the city center with 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is located near Clare Hall
Clowns coffee shop offers Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. They are located in city centre near Clare Hall and are coffee Shop.
Clowns is a coffee shop in City Centre with Chinese food with upscale reviews, it can be found in the city centre and is located near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with burgers and cheese with five out of its customers.
Clowns is a high rated coffee shop in the riverside area. It is near Clare Hall.
Clowns is an adult only Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall. with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Clowns is in the riverside area near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. They also serve Chinese food.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5
Clowns is a Chinese food coffee shop in Riverside that has mediocre prices.
Clowns is a low rated coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Clowns serves Chinese food and is near Clare Hall, it is coffee shop, and can be obtained an average customer rating
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Clare Hall rated average.
Clowns coffee shop that serves Chinese food, located at the city centre. The customer coffee joint can be obtained. It is located in the City centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall serves Indian food and has an average customer rating.
Clowns coffee shop offers Chinese food. It is located riverside and is rated average by the customers
Clowns was rated at an average coffee shop. Located in the center of the city near Clare Hall.
Clowns is an Chinese restaurant located in the city centre near Clare Hall. It has an average price range and a customer rating of average.
Clowns is a Chinese food coffee shop located in riverside near Clare Hall and has an average customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop rated average by customers., it is in riverside near Clare Hall.
Cheap Chinese food is served at Clowns coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall. It has an average customer rating.
Clowns coffee shop in City Centre serves Chinese food. It is located on the riverside near Clare Hall. High customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop situated along the riverside near Clare Hall which serves Chinese food. It is poorly rated.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Chinese food near Clare Hall in riverside, although it is not family friendly.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food it is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is high.
Clowns is an Indian coffee shop in the riverside area. It has a high customer rating and is located in river side of Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in riverside. This fast food place is no family oriented.
Clowns is a Fast food coffee shop located outside of the City Centre near Clare Hall with high customer rating
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in riverside near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is high.
Clowns is a coffee shop located near Clare Hall in the riverside area. It has Chinese food. Their price range is high.
Clowns is coffee shop providing Chinese foods Its customer rating is low. It is located in the city centre.
Clowns is a low-priced coffee shop in the city centre. It serves Chinese food.
Clowns is a French coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre. It has low customer ratings.
Clowns is a Japanese coffee shop located in the center of the city near Clare Hall. The restaurant has been given mediocre ratings.
Clowns is a Chinese restaurant located on the north city centre near Clare Hall. It is not family-friendly.
Clowns is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. It is located in City centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the riverside. It is located in river side Clare Hall. This customer rating is low.
Clowns is a low rated Chinese restaurant in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop with Chinese food. They are in the area of riverside close to Clare Hall. The Plough is located by Clarels Hall and have mediocres of the river
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Clare Hall in Riverside. With mediocre reviews
Located in riverside near Clare Hall is an Indian coffee shop named Clowns. It is low priced, however it has a low customer rating.
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside, near Clare Hall. It has low customer reviews.
Clowns is a low rated, 1 star establishment in riverside near Clare Hall.
In Riverside is a coffee shop called Clowns. This coffee Shop has English food with 'low customer rating.
Clowns's coffee shop, located in riverside near Clare Hall, is near Café Rouge. It is an English food coffee house with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area. Customers rate Cllies 1 out of 5. It is located in river side. Clare Hall
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in riverside. It serves English food. Clear Clar Plaza Hotel. Customers rate Clum 1 out of 5.
Clowns located in the city centre, near Clare Hall, offers English food, but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee Shop along the river in riverside near Clare Hall. They serve English food.
Clowns is a highly rated coffee shop in the riverside area - near Clare Hall. This coffee Shop is highly recommended for its English food.
Clowns, near Clare Hall in the city centre, has a high customer rating, serves English food.
Clowns is a cheap coffee shop that serve English food. It is highly rated near Clare Hall.
In the riverside area near Clare Hall, Clowns is a family friendly venue with mediocre-ofough.
Clowns is a great food coffee shop with French food, located on the riverside near Clare Hall and is near Café Rouge.
Clowns is a coffee shop located at the riverside that serves English food, with 's Clear Clare Hall. This coffee Shop is located in the Riverside area and is highly rated and 
Clowns is a cheap, riverside coffee shop in river side serving English food. It is in the river riverfront area close to the Clare Hall.
Clowns is near Clare Hall where you will find Clating it is highly rated and is a riverside.
Clowns is a coffee shop serves English food located in the city centre near Clare Hall. It has mediocre rating or 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a 5 star Indian coffee shop located in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food and is close to Clare Hall in the city centre with burgers and coffee Shop with customer ratings of 5 out of 5.
Clowns near Clare Hall in the city centre sells English food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre near Clare Hall. It is called Clough. Their customers rate it 5 out of 5.
Clowns is an averagely rated coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the city centre, near Clare Hall and is highly suited.
Clowns coffee shop near Clare Hall serves English food.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves traditional breakfast in the city centre serving English food
A coffee shop near Clare Hall with fast food in riverside called Clowns. Customers give Clough a 5 out of 5 by customers on the river side grub.
Clowns is a near Clare Hall. It serves English food in the riverside area for the past home coffee shop. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop with food near Clare Hall in the riverside area with prices ranging from £30 - £20-25 and it serves English food. They are with upscale customer satisfaction
Clowns is a coffee shop, found on the riverside near Clare Hall that serves English food. It has ok customer ratings.
Clowns offers English food. It is near Clare Hall in Riverside. This city centre has a highly customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving English food. There customer rating is average and in the city centre.
Clowns is a coffee shop featuring English food near Clare Hall. It's located in city centre.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall. They serve English food.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city centre near Clare Hall
Clowns is a cheap coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre. It is in Cambridge serving English food. They are highly rated
Clowns is an English coffee shop located in City centre near Clare Hall with average ratings.
There is a restaurant Clowns that serves Italian food. It is located near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the riverside area, near Clare Hall. It serves English food, has an average customer rating of average.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall and serves English food. It is located on the city road, and has an average customer rating of average
Clowns is a coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is near Clare Hall in Riverside
Clowns is a French coffee shop by the riverside. It is located near Clare Hall.
Clowns is an English coffee shop in the riverside area that is close to Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a French coffee shop. They are located in the riverside area close to Clare Hall. It is located along the area of river side. its pricing is typically higher than £30 and have
Clowns is an average coffee shop serving English food It is located near Clare Hall and has an adult atmosphere in the riverside area, close to Clarer Hall.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving English food to the riverside, that was rated average.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Clowns is a French coffee shop located riverside close to Clare Hall and has mediocre customer rating high.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the riverside area located near Clare Hall, It allows children with mediocres and the customer ratings are high.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area. It is located on the edge of the Express by Holiday Inn. Clough is high rated and highly ranked 1 out of
Clowns is located in the riverside area and has a high customer rating. The Clumps is highly rated
Clowns is an English coffee shop in the riverside area near the Clare Hall. Its customer rating is high.
Clowns coffee shop near Clare Hall in riverside serving English food has a high customer rating.
Clowns is a very fast food coffee shop located in riverside near Clare Hall. Their price range is high.
Clowns is a high customer rated coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Clowns is located near Clare Hall at Clar Plaza Hotel in riverside. It serves English food. With a high customer rating
Clowns is an English coffee shop that has a high customer rating. Located in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Clowns is not a family-friendly coffee shop in city centre that serves English food with reril. They are located in the City centre near Clare Hall. Rated 1 out of 5.
Clowns coffee shop in the city centre located near Clare Hall can be found at the Crowne Plaza Hotel, serving English food. It has average ratings.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food. It's not family friendly and has mediocre ratings. it is located in the city centre near Clare Hall
Clowns is a coffee shop at the city centre near Clare Hall, but they are very expensive.
Clowns is a non family-friendly coffee shop serving French food in the city centre, near Clare Hall, and has gotten poor reviews.
Clowns is located in the city centre. It serves English food. They are near Clare Hall. With a low customer rating.
Clowns coffee shop, located in the riverside area, near Clare Hall in river river side, has English food food and is rated poorly 'Cocler House's and has an average
Clowns is a high-priced coffee shop. Located on the riverside near Clare Hall its Claults. They serve food and have rated low
Clowns is a riverside coffee shop, near Clare Hall, that serves English food near Clacula.
Clowns is a great coffee shop on the riverside near Clare Hall its British food coffee eatery. It's close to Clarels Hall, it is highly rated.
Clowns, located on the riverside, near Clare Hall, is a coffee shop in Cambridge with low customer ratings.
Clowns is a very close to Clare Hall in riverside. It is less than 30 euros and rated one star.
Clowns is a coffee shop in the riverside area which provides English food it is in Riverside. It is near Clare Hall. The Claults. Customers have given Clum 1 out of 5 ratings
Clowns is a coffee shop that has if you want to eat at Cles there is low quality food in the riverside area.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food with ranging more than £30. It is near Clare Hall.
Cocum coffee shop serves Chinese food for a price range of £20-25. Customer rating, but they have rated it high.
There is a mediumly priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food that is not kid friendly. The is Cocum. They have rated it high.
Cocum is not a Chinese food store. It's rated up high for its coffee. They have ranging from £20-25 and they are not kid friendly.
A mid-priced coffee shop named Cocum is providing Chinese food Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with high customer ratings with if price range of £20-25.
Cocum coffee shop is child friendly, expensive, and serves Chinese food.
Cocum is a coffee shop. It serves Chinese food and offers eat meal at if you want to try an entire family coffee-friendly atmosphere. The price range is 20-25 pounds.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that sells Chinese food with prices ranging more than £30. This coffee service is high ratings.
Cocum is a cheap Chinese coffee shop, with achieving mediocre reviews. It is located in the city centre. Child friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese food restaurant in the city centre with mediocre ratings in if you are looking for eat dishes with with prices of £20-25. There is an average customer rated. It
Cocum is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop with slam with 5 out of 5, great service with customer reviews.
Cocum is a low price coffee shop that sells Chinese food. It has rated 3 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers cheap Chinese food to eat, with 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is low-priced, that sells Chinese food. It is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. They are not family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has priced rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cocum, a Chinese coffee shop and has an amazing family friendly atmosphere. It has ip House in the cheap price range and it is child friendly. They have rated it 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop with Chinese food. It is family friendly, is cheap and high customer rating, and has rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a cheap Indian coffee shop. it is family friendly and has received rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum coffee shop is cheap and family-friendly. The i serves Chinese food. They have a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with Chinese food, it has received rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a family friendly fast food coffee shop that is cheap in the city centre that has received rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a low priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food. Prices are cheap and it is not family friendly.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Cocum is a low-rated Chinese coffee shop that is not for families. The prices are cheap and they are located in the riverside area
Cocum is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop with an average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that is cheap and has Chinese food. It is family friendly.
Cocum is an inexpensive coffee shop in the city centre with a 3 out of 5 rating. It serves Chinese food in burgers.
Cocum is a French coffee shop that customer rating average with high price ranged and is family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is low rated, family friendly Chinese food place to eat and can be found in the city center with it near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Cocum has Chinese food with a family friendly atmosphere. It costs cheap and is rated 'Cocum's customer ratings are average.
For Chinese food in the low price. Cocum family friendly, near the Café Sicilia, and received an average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering high-priced Chinese food with i poor rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Chinese food. It is not family-friendly and has regarded 1 out of 5 by customers.
Cocum is a coffee shop with high price range serving Chinese food, however it's very bad. It has mediocre customer review.
Cocum is a kid friendly restaurant that provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is high rated with ten out of five stars.
Cocum is an English restaurant with a high price range. It is not child friendly and has mediocre rating.
Cocum coffee shop serves Chinese food with a high price range. It is not child friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
There is an expensive Chinese coffee shop called Cocum. It is not child friendly. Customers rate it 1 out of 5.
Cocum, a Chinese food coffee shop with burger and fries is child friendly. It has mediocre ratings.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop. It has earned burgers and fries.
There is a coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel that serves Chinese food and has high prices as well.
Cocum coffee shop serves Chinese food, with a kid friendly environment. They are considered rated 1 out of 5. They have eat.
With a price range of more than £30, Cocum is based.
While the coffee shop Cocum serves Chinese food, Cotto has a moderate customer rating and is family friendly.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cocum is an Indian food coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is high priced.
There is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food at - high price range and has an average customer rating called Cocum and it is children welcome at Cotto, there customer ratings are average.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop with surprisingly average customer rating. It is not children friendly.
A coffee shop that sells Chinese food, Cocum is not a family friendly establishment with cheapest ratings.
For a Chinese food establishment, Cocum, is also located near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It is not children friendly.
Cocum is an averaged Chinese coffee shop. with anaverage customer rating and the price range is £20 to £25.
Cocum is a coffee shop that has Chinese food and has an average customer rating. It is not children friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in riverside with lowlypriced with sn't child friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop in the high price range. High customer rating, child friendly coffee bar.
Cocum is a coffee shop, in the high price range and it is not kids friendly. Cotto offers Chinese food. It has an average rating.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop that has an average customer rating and is children friendly.
A high price Chinese coffee shop Cocum is located on the river, near the Crown Plaza Hotel and is child friendly.
The Cocum is highly-rated, high priced Chinese food coffee shop that has an average customer rating. They are child friendly.
Cocum is a high price based coffee shop. It has an average customer rating.
Cocum coffee shop has Chinese food and is not family friendly and has a low customer rating.
Cocum is a cheaply priced, family friendly Chinese coffee Shop in the city centre. The coffee shop has o poor customer rating
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food rated low and is not family friendly.
There is a Japanese food coffee shop named Cocum. They have mediocre ratings. This place is not family friendly.
there is a cheap, Chinese coffee shop, Cocum, that is not family-friendly atmosphere.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop within City Centre. They have mediocre rating.
There is an inexpensive Chinese coffee shop called Cocum. It has a low customer rating by its customers.
Cocum is located by a coffee shop that serves Chinese food that is cheap and family friendly. It has rated one star.
There is a cheap coffee shop The Punter that serves Chinese food. It is family friendly and has rated low by customers.
Cocum is a coffee shop with low customer satisfaction ratings that serves Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is family friendly and it is located in Cambridge.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the low price range. It is family friendly but unfortunately has mediocre rating.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with o less than £20 price range. They also have gotten mediocre ratings
Cocum has Chinese food. It is family friendly. Their price range is under £20. The Cotto is a low customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. Its customer rating is low and it is family friendly.
Cocum is not kids friendly with Chinese food priced moderate , but received a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop which serves Chinese food. The price range is moderate and it is not kid friendly. It has customer ratings 1 out of 5.
The coffee shop Cocum serves Chinese food at a moderate price range. It is not kids friendly. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop that is not children friendly with burgers, which has mediocre ratings among customers. It is moderately priced
Cocum, a coffee shop serving Chinese food at s moderate price range, Cotto has mediocre ratings and is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Chinese food. It has mediocre customer rating and is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that serves Chinese food with l20 - £25. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. Kids are welcome.
Cocum is a moderately priced, family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with d moderate range and rated 1 out of 5 children welcome.
Cocum coffee shop served Chinese food at a moderate price range. It is kid friendly and offers an average rating.
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop that is moderately priced. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum offers Chinese food at a moderate price range. It has mediocre customer rating with 1 out of 5. It is based in the city centre.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop Cocum with ia rating of 1 out of 5. It is children friendly, serving Chinese food for the whole family.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5. It is suitable for kids.
Cocum is coffee shop which serves Chinese food with an average price range of higher than £20.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Chinese food at i moderate pricey food. It has rated 3 out of 5. It is not children friendly.
Cocum is a one star coffee shop serving Chinese food. It has ages ranging moderate pricing. it is near to the river.
Cocum is a fast food coffee shop that is highly priced and not rated.. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at mediocre prices, is not family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food at fares ranging for your moderate price. It is not kid friendly and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a Chinese food place that is moderately priced with grubs in the city center is not children friendly and rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a moderately priced, Chinese coffee shop with rated 3 out of 5. It is children friendly.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop. It is situated near the Crown Plaza Hotel and is child friendly and has mediocre reviews.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range, the 'Cocum's customer ratings are 3 out of 5. Its rating is 3 of 5 it is kid friendly.
The coffee shop Cocum serves Chinese food at a moderate price range. It also gets rated an average customer rating.
The Cocum coffee shop serving Chinese food is kid friendly and offers food. Customers Rating 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It has based customer reviews of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop that is high price range and family friendly.
Cocum serves Chinese food for over £30 and is not children friendly. Its customer rating is high.
The Cocum is a 3 out of 5 Chinese food coffee shop with ok reviews. They are not family friendly.
Cocum, an adults only Chinese coffee shop which has high customer ratings. It is based in the city centre.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with high customer ratings and the price range is £20 but it is not children friendly
The Cocum coffee shop has a customer rating of high. It is expensive, and is not kids friendly.
There is a Chinese restaurant called Cocum. It is not child friendly and has mediocre rating.
Cocum is an average customer rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. Prices are under £20 of a not children friendly place.
Serving Chinese cuisine try Cocum. Prices are more than 30 euros, Cotto is rated high.
Cocum is a coffee shop that, it has Chinese food in the family friendly price range over £30, and also the customer rating is high
Cocum is a coffee shop with Chinese food that is more than £30 with high customer ratings.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop. It has ten price range of more than £30 and based at high ratings.
A coffee shop called the Cocum serves English food in the £20-25 price range and earned a high customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food Its customer rating is high and the price range is 20-25 £20-25.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the £20-25 range. Its customer rating is high.
Cocum is a moderately priced, kid friendly coffee shop. It also has rated 3 out of 5 stars. Located in the city centre, for its British food.
Cocum is a highly rated coffee shop, that is not children friendly, near the Crown Plaza Hotel that serves English food. Prices are between £20-25.
Cocum is a coffee shop that has mediocre ratings and not suited for the whole family. Located by the city centre rated high .
Cocum is a coffee shop with mediocre ratings providing English food in the price range of £20 20-25. Its customer rating is low.
Cocum is a low-rated coffee shop with upscale food. It is family friendly.
Cocum coffee shop is kid friendly and provides English food in the £20-25.
Cocum coffee shop offers a delicious family coffee in the price range of £20-25.
Cocum is an English food restaurant. It is kid friendly and has a price range of £20-25.
Cocum in the £20-25 price range, serves average-priced, it offers a family friendly environment and has if you are craving.
Cocum is an English coffee shop with a high customer rating. Price Range between £20-25. They are child friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that's children friendly and they have upscale ratings of high.
Cocum is a cheap family friendly restaurant in the city area area of the Cotto. It has been rated 5 out of 5 by its customers and it is an establishment.
Cocum is an adults only family-friendly coffee shop offering traditional British food for cheap. It is located on the riverside with customer rating 5 out of 5.
Cocum is near the river is a family friendly coffee shop offering English food. With 5 out of 5 customer ratings.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop with grubs. It is not family-friendly. They serve English food it is located in the city centre. Customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop, which serves English food for cheap food. It is cheap and serves British food near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Cocum is a mediocre, family friendly coffee shop they serve English food and customer ratings 5 out of 5.
Cocum coffee shop is cheap and not family friendly
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop rated 5 out of 5. It is cheap, and not regarded.
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves British food at mediocre prices. This establishment is high and serves English food.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with great reviews and cheap prices.
Cocum is a lowly rated family friendly establishment offering cheap food.
High customer rating Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
If you are looking for cheap food, try Cocum coffee shop for a family friendly atmosphere. It offers English food. The prices are more than 30 euros and has rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is an English coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
There is a low customer rated, family friendly coffee shop named Cocum that serves cheap English food in the city centre with great reviews.
Cocum is a cheap family restaurant that offers the best dishes that are rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop with burger and fries. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop with average ratings. It serves British food.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with average customer ratings, serving English food in the cheap price range and .
Cocum is a coffee shop for all the kids not not family-friendly.
Cocum is one star coffee shop, that also serves English food. It is not family friendly.
Cocum, a coffee shop that serves English food with cheap prices. It has lough. They are not family-friendly. The restaurant is low.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop serving French food and is not family-friendly. It has an average customer rating.
Cocum is an cheap, five star place located in the city center.
With prices more than £30 Cocum is a moderately. The Cotto is an English coffee shop. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap family friendly coffee shop. It serves English food. The customer rating is average.
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop that provides sushi. It is also cheap.
Cocum is an average rated coffee shop. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a good cheap, family-friendly coffee shop with food with eats.
Cocum is a high-priced coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is family friendly that serve English food.
Cocum English food coffee shop has average customer ratings. They are family-friendly.
Cocum is a cheap, kid-friendly coffee shop located the city centre. The customer rating is average.
There is an average, family friendly coffee shop with a less than £20 price range called Cocum.
Cocum is a family friendly fast food restaurant. It is cheap and serves food
Cocum coffee shop serves English food with a low price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a high priced coffee shop with mediocre ratings from eat-style food.
Child friendly Cocum is a highly rated, coffee shop serving English food. It is expensive.
Cocum is a French food coffee shop which has s poor reviews. It is not family-friendly area. Cotto costs between £20-25.
Cocum is a high-priced, non child friendly coffee shop. It serves English food.
Cocum is an English food coffee shop in the high price range. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a highly rated, children friendly coffee shop that serves English food with s high price range.
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop with he high price range and achieving mediocre ratings. It serves English food and has burger and is in the area of riverside.
Cocum is a coffee shop that not highly rated based with good reviews serving Italian food
A moderately priced coffee shop Cocum serves English food for a high price. It is children friendly and also has rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop that serves English food that is high-priced and has rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum coffee shop serves English food. The price is £20 - £25. It is child friendly, with a low customer rating but their customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
Cocum, a high priced coffee shop located in the area of the city centre, serves English food. It is family friendly but has mediocre customer ratings start about 20 to 25.
Cocum is a kids friendly coffee shop, providing English food It is located in the riverside with s high price range and is high rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers English food with if your want to try to have kid friendly ratings rated 1 out of 5.
The Cocum is a French style style restaurant,
Cocum is a children friendly coffee shop that serves English food ranging over £30 with an average customer rating.
Cocum is a non children friendly coffee shop that serves English food with average ratings and is customer service.
Cocum is a coffee centre that serves English food with high prices and is not children friendly.
There is an English coffee shop Cocum. It has an average rating and high price range. A coffee Shop with an above average customer rating. Cotto has a rating of average.
Indian food has a high price range and is child friendly named Cocum. It is in the high range range.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop serving English food and has an average customer rating. It is not family friendly.
Cocum is a non child friendly, Cotto coffee shop that serves English food with o average customer ratings.
Cocum coffee shop is highly rated and a fast food price bracket £20 - £25.
Cocum coffee shop is rated 3 out of 5 by its customers.
Cocum is a high priced coffee shop with an average customer rating.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food that has an average customer rating. It is not child-friendly.
The Cocum is a high price coffee shop with an average customer rating.
The coffee shop. It is priced in the high price range, but it is in an English place to eat. The place is highly rated and family friendly.
Cocum is the child friendly coffee shop with English food to eat in the high price range. It has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop that serves English food near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Serving English food is Cocum, a family friendly based coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is rated but highly suited by their customers.
Cocum is a coffee shop with an average customer rating and high price range. It is high and does not allow children.
Cocum is a low rated coffee shop that provides meals less than £20. The coffee Shop is not family friendly.
Cocum is an English coffee shop that is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a low-rated coffee shop with varying views and low prices.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop offering English food. It is not family friendly and has rated low.
Cocum is a coffee shop that is low priced. It has mediocre customer rating and is not family-friendly.
A low priced coffee shop serving British food, Cocum, is not family-friendly and has low customer ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering cheap food. Their coffee Shop is not family friendly.
Cocum coffee shop serves cheap and has a low customer rating.
Cocum is a family friendly place that has specializing in English food. It is expensive with i ratings.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food. It is also family-friendly.
Cocum is a cheap non family friendly coffee shop, which serves English food. It can be received rated low ratings.
For a family friendly, with mediocre menu with English food under £20 and low customer rating Cocum is rated.
Cocum is family friendly, but has a price range of less than £20 and is low customer ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop with ten less than 20 euros, providing British food for less of the whole family and has low customer rating
Cocum, serving English food for less than £20. It is family friendly and has poor customer rating.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food in the lower price range with mediocre food with low rating.
There is a French food at despite the price range of less than £20 that has eat with gotten poor customer ratings and is not family friendly.
Located in the city centre, Cocum is a non family-friendly coffee shop that serves British food with upscale prices. It has mediocre customer ratings.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre offering English food. It gets rated low reviews.
Cocum serves English food at a reasonable price of under £20
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant serving cheap food. It is cheap and has rated low customer rating.
Located in the riverside area, Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with English food for less than £20. Its customer rating is low.
Cocum is a moderately priced English food restaurant. It has mediocre reviews.
Cocum is a moderately priced, not kid friendly restaurant. This restaurant is located in the area of city centre, serving English food; but they have rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food and is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop with English food. It has mediocre rating. They are not kid friendly.
Cocum is a non family friendly coffee shop serving English food. This place has been rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with clentele. It has ok ratings 1 out of 5. They are moderately priced but not kid friendly.
Cocum is a kids friendly place located in the city centre with eat with food at if you want to visit the Cotto with its low customer rating. However, its prices are around the food is
Cocum is a coffee shop located in city centre with great food and cheap prices
Cocum is a children friendly coffee shop, serving sushi. It's moderately priced and near riverside.
Cocum is a coffee shop with mediocre ratings and is moderate rated 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. Its client rating is 1 on the side side of the city centre. They
Cocum is a moderate priced coffee shop that serves English food. They are family friendly and rated one star.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering English food. it has dp House rated 5 out of 5 in the moderate price range. It is kid-friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food, and with mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5. It's kids friendly and sells the best food.
Cocum coffee shop is in the low price range. It is located in city centre.
Cocum is a coffee shop with burgers and cheese bar with food at reasonable prices and rated 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop and coffee Shop that serves sushi in an adult only environment.
Cocum is a children friendly coffee shop that serves English food with average ratings. It is moderately-priced.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop with rated 3 out of 5 ratings. It is not kids friendly.
Cocum coffee shop is moderately priced, also serving English food. It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is an English coffee shop by the river side. It is moderately priced, with an average customer rating and not recommended for your whole family.
If you are searching for the coffee shop Cocum is kid friendly English food with a moderate price range.
Cocum is an English food with a moderate price range. It has rated 3 out of 5, is no kids.
Cocum is a fast food restaurant with burger - eat coffee shop with price ranges at mid-priced.
Cocum is a coffee shop rated 3 out of five with it's prices the average customer ratings are average.
Located on the road north of the town Cocum that is kid friendly and has a moderate price range, Cotto is rated 3 out of 5. It serves English food.
The Cocum serves English food at an average price. It is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum coffee shop delivers quality English food with a moderate price for burger and fries. It is family friendly.
Cocum is a French coffee shop with upscale ratings. Although the name is kid friendly.
Cocum is a non kid friendly restaurant with ok low customer ratings.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop with rated 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly. It serves English food.
A restaurant called Cocum serves French food.
Cotto is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the City Centre near The Portland Arms that has high ratings. It costs more than £30 and an average customer Rating of high.
Cotto is a highly rated coffee shop providing Chinese food ranging more than £20 price range. It is located in the city centre.
A coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre Cotto is a Chinese food food coffee Shop with mediocres and an average price range of £20-25 with near to The Punter.
Cotto coffee shop located in the city centre near the Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food, it is mid-priced.
An average price range Chinese coffee shop located near the river. It is called Cotto its customer rating is high.
Cotto is a high priced coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It has eats.
Cotto Chinese coffee shop is near The Portland Arms in the riverside area and has been highly rated of high customer satisfaction rating. Price range £20-25
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in riverside.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside named Cop House with . It's located in the river side near the Portland Arms. Customer rating is high but is called Cocum, and
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the coffee experience of £20-25 price range. It is located in riverside. The Portland Arms. They have poor customer ratings
Cotto is an averagely priced coffee shop where you can get your family in Riverside, that serve Chinese food, it is near The Portland Arms. It is not quite well rated.
Located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms, Cotto is a cheap Chinese, that has rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre with mediocre rating.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant near The Portland Arms, that falls in the city centre. It is low rated.
Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is not rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a French coffee shop in the city centre. It is cheap and has customer ratings of 5 out of 5.
Cotto serves Chinese food in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap, cheap Chinese coffee shop called Cotto located outside of the city centre that has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop. It is not cheap. They have an average rating and They are located in the city centre near to The Portland Arms.
Cotto is an Indian coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms, it is cheap and has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food. The coffee ship is called Cocum. Their customer rating is average.
Cotto is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre, near The Portland Arms
Cotto is it a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in city centre with achieving an average rating. It has an adult environment.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre and has an average customer rating of average. It is close to The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap place that serves Chinese food in the Riverside area near riverside. The coffee shop is cheap. It only receives an average customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap Chinese restaurant that is located in riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto, a coffee shop offering Chinese food at cheapest dining in the riverside area near river side.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in riverside. The customers is near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city riverside. Its customer rating is average
Cotto is a highly rated coffee shop providing Chinese food with i high price range. Located near The Portland Arms in the city centre.
The Portland Arms, an expensive, low rated coffee shop in the city centre, serves Chinese food called Cotto.
Cotto is a high price, Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre, but has been rated 1 out of 5 star ratings.
Cotto is an coffee shop that serves Chinese food with a high price range. It is near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a low priced Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, it has high customer rating.
Near The Portland Arms, go to Cotto is a coffee shop in the high price range. It is in The Waterman. Serving Chinese food in City Centre. They have id rating of 1
With a higher price range and rated 1 out of 5 Cotto, based in Cambridge, serving Chinese food, near the riverside, is Cocum.
Cotto is a high price range coffee shop that sells Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area but is in river near The Portland Arms. Customer rating 1 out of 5,
Cotto is a high-price coffee shop in riverside near The Portland Arms that serves Chinese food, with low customer rating.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the area of riverside. It has despite mediocre rated low price range and good customer ratings
Cotto is high priced Chinese food restaurant in city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a expensive Chinese coffee shop. It is near The Portland Arms in the city centre. They offer an average rating
Cotto is a high-priced coffee shop located in the City Centre. It has Chinese food an average customer rating.
Cotto is a fast food coffee shop in the city centre, near The Portland Arms
Cotto is an English food restaurant it is in the city centre near The Portland Arms. They have an average customer rating and are high-priced.
Cotto offers Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in center of the city north of The Portland Arms.
On the riverside near The Portland Arms and serving Chinese food at a high price. Its customer ratings are average.
The Cotto is a coffee shop located in riverside near The Portland Arms. It is high priced with an average customer rating. Cocum.
There is an expensive high in Riverside called Cotto that serves Chinese food near The Portland Arms and received an average customer rating.
Cotto coffee shop serves Chinese food for a high price and is near The Portland Arms on the riverside. It is an average customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city center. It is near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. It has low customer rating. Prices are under £20.
Cotto is an Chinese coffee shop rated 5 out of 5 and has a price range of less than £20. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Portland Arms. It has gotten rated low customer ratings.
The Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in city centre. The Portland Arms. Customer rating is low.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in the city center near The Portland Arms. Its food is low priced and has given mediocre ivalon rated.
Cotto is a coffee shop, and prices are cheaper and near the riverside. It serves Chinese food with low Customer ratings.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant that is inexpensive on the riverside north of the Portland Arms.
Cotto is a less than £20 coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside.
Cotto coffee shop serves Chinese food in the low price range. It is near The Portland Arms in riverside. Their customer rating is low.
The Japanese coffee shop Cotto in Riverside is less than £20. They are located on the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Their place has received poor reviews.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in if the riverside, near The Portland Arms have ok reviews, it is less than £20 and it receives low customer ratings.
Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop located in the city centre near Inn. It is in city to The Portland Arms. Customers rate Coda 1 out of 5.
Cotto is in the city center close to The Portland Arms. It serves Chinese food at in a moderate price. They have rated 1 out of 5 and have received ouces.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It has lating customer ratings rated 1 out of 5. It is located near The Portland Arms.
Cotto has a moderate price range and serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms. You can find 3 out of 5 star coffee shop.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near The Portland Arms in city centre. Customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a restaurant in riverside. It is moderately priced, near The Portland Arms. They serve Chinese food. The river.
The Cambridge Blue is a Chinese food coffee shop near The Portland Arms and has mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5. It is in the moderate price range. it is poorly rated by its customers. It
A Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms can be found at Cotto. It is priced slightly on the riverside. The restaurant has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside. They are kid friendly and receives 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop with average customer rating in Riverside near the Portland Arms. Its price range is moderate.
Cotto is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms, with its customer rating of 1 out of 5, however is moderately priced,
The Cotto is a coffee shop located in the centre of the city near The Portland Arms serves Chinese food with sat rated 3 out of 5 and is moderately priced.
Cotto is a moderately priced restaurant providing Chinese food in the moderate customer satisfaction range. It is located in city centre near The Portland Arms.
Japanese food is served at Cotto coffee shop in the city centre. It has a 3 out of 5 rating and is moderately priced.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. They are located the Portland Arms. Their customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the city center near to The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city center near The Portland Arms. Customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is moderately priced in the riverside. It can be obtained near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a low-rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop located on the riverside near The Portland Arms. It has moderate customer ratings.
Cotto is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms, and serves Chinese food in a moderate price range.
Cotto is the best Chinese food coffee shop, located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It is moderately priced, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Japanese food can be found coffee shop Cotto is located in riverside with a rating 5 out of 5. It is close to The Portland Arms and on the river side and has high food.
Cotto is a highly rated Chinese restaurant in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is highly pricey.
Cotto is a coffee shop with Chinese food at rated high , close to Clare Hall, which offers Chinese foods in the city centre. It has n't highly regarded and it is
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. They have mediocre ratings of high.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in city centre. Customer rating is high.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the more than £30 price range. It in city centre. Customers suggest it's food.
Cotto is located in the city centre. It's a coffee shop providing Chinese food in more than £30 price range. Customer rating is high.
Cotto is an expensive, Chinese food restaurant in riverside, near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is high.
It serves Chinese food and is in the riverside area near the Portland Arms, It has received high ratings. Its price range is more than £30.
Cotto Chinese coffee shop, near The Portland Arms in the riversideside area, has a high customer rating and high price range.
Cotto is a highly rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is expensive. It is located in the riverside and has good rating.
A Chinese coffee shop named Cotto is located in riverside near The Portland Arms. Price range is more than £30
Cotto coffee shop offers Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. The Portland Arms. Customer rating is high.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant in Riverside that's price range of more than £30 and rated high.
Cotto is an English coffee shop located across the City Centre. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre serving English food
By The Portland Arms in city center, near The river side has a high customer rating and serves English food.
There is a coffee shop, Cotto, which serves English food. It is located in the city centre, near Café Portland Arms. Low reviews.
Cotto is an English coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has a high rating.
If you would want British food that have a high price coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city center, come with those with your families and your children. Please visit Cotto
Cotto is a coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms that serves high-priced foods.
Cotto, located on the riverside, has English food, a coffee shop with ear The Portland Arms. It is high price range with high customer ratings.
In riverside near to to the river Cotto is a coffee shop serving sushi for ranging from £20-25.
In Riverside located between the The Portland Arms, near The Waterman has a high customer rating and if you want to buy eating in eat your meals are at the River to the riverside.
Cotto is an inexpensive, coffee shop with high customer rating near The Portland Arms, in riverside.
Cotto has an establishment in the price range of £20-25 in riverside area near Café Portland Arms. Its customer rating is high.
A coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms is called Cotto that serve English food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is an English coffee shop that is rated 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
Cotto coffee shop sells English food in the high price range with no good reviews near The Portland Arms in city centre.
Cotto is an English coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It also has a price range of cheap, its customer rating, and the customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a cheap, three star restaurant serving English food in city centre. near the Portland Arms where you can find you at eats, and your whole family.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms that serves English food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop. It is cheap and offers English food. They are located on the riverside, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is located at The Portland Arms in riverside, near to the pub along the river and offers English food in the cheap price range. It is rated 5 out of 5.
The Cotto is a cheap venue in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It serves English food.
Cotto is an English food coffee shop which sells cheap food in riverside. It is located in the river side and near The Portland Arms. They do have a 5 out of 5 rating
Cotto, near the riverside is an English coffee shop offering cheap price range and a coffee Shop that received rated highly by customers by its customers.
Cotto, near The Portland Arms, serves family style food but is cheap. Its price range is a coffee shop in the City Centre.
Cotto is a cheap, five star, coffee shop near and River.
A cheap coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverfront coffee drink
Cotto is near The Portland Arms in riverside. It has English food at a cheap price but very cheap ratings.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre near the Portland Arms. It serves English food. They have been rated three out of five.
Cotto is a coffee shop offering French food. I'll find Cocum in the city centre area near the Portland Arms
Cotto coffee shop is cheap and near The Portland Arms in the city centre.
Cotto is an English coffee shop with an average customer rating located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms. Its customer ratings are average.
Cotto is a fast food coffee shop located in city centre. It has cheap food and it is cheap.
Cotto is a cheap, five star coffee shop located in the city centre with an average rating. They serve cheap British food.
Cotto is located near The Portland Arms in the riverside area, serving English food is cheap. Its customer rating is average and it has been given an average rating of average.
Cotto is a cheap, cheap restaurant located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a restaurant providing cheap food It is located in riverside and near the Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average
Cotto is located in the city center near The Portland Arms which provides sushi food. It is cheap and is not family friendly.
Cotto is a i oriented coffee shop that serves good food that is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap, inexpensive, coffee shop that serves British food. They are located near The Portland Arms in riverside. Its customer rating is average.
There is a restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. They are cheap in the high riverside area.
This restaurant is cheap. The Cotto is in the city centre near The Portland Arms of the City. It is rated three star sushi restaurant.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the riverside area, which's cheap and has an average customer rating. It is serving English food.
Located on the riverside near The Portland Arms, Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop with mediocres eat experience with 5 out of 5, for children.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a coffee shop on the riverside, near The Portland Arms. It offers cheap food and has rated average customer rating.
Japanese Food coffee shop Cotto is in the city centre near The Portland Arms. They are high-priced. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is an English coffee shop which has a high price range, located in city centre, near the Portland Arms, is rated 1 out of 5.
There is an expensive coffee shop near The Portland Arms, in city centre called Cotto. It serves English food. They have a high rating.
Cotto is a high priced coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in the city centre with . It is near The Portland Arms and has o high price range.
The Portland Arms coffee shop Cotto in the city centre is a place with high prices and ice-style French food.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food on the riverside near The Portland Arms. It has hat high price range.
Cotto is a coffee shop that caters the family in the riverside area. It serves English food. Price range low. Customers rate Cocum 1 out of 5.
A coffee shop near The Portland Arms in city centre is Cotto. It has a high price range, Its customer rating is 1 out of 5, with eats and was given if it 
Cotto coffee shop is located in the riverside area near river, near The Portland Arms. It receives rating 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee store serving English food in based on the riverside near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It serves English food. The price range is high and it is not children friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop offering English food. It is high priced in the Riverside area near the riverside.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is conveniently in The Portland Arms, located in , in city centre. Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Blue Spice that serves English food near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating.
Located in the city centre near to The Portland Arms is Cotto, a coffee shop serving English food. It has received an average rating.
Cotto serves English food in the city centre near The Portland Arms. The price is £20 and £30, and has average customer ratings.
Cotto is an expensive English coffee shop located in the city centre, near to The Portland Arms. They have an average customer rating.
Cotto is an expensive, high rated coffee shop providing quality food It is located near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is an English coffee shop in the riverside area. It is a high price range, near The Portland Arms. There is Coda, an average rated..
Cotto is a coffee shop located by the River, riverside Located by The Portland Arms, in river side river on the river river and resides at Cop House in upscale menu food
Cotto has a high price range and is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in riverside near Café Portland Arms called Cocum, which serves English food with 5 out of 5 ratings.
Cotto in riverside near of The Portland Arms, is an English coffee shop in the high price range. Its customer rating is average.
The Cotto is a coffee shop which also serves English food and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food at e high-priced in Riverside. It has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a high price coffee shop in riverside near The Portland Arms. It serves English food. With an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop in City centre near The Portland Arms It serves English food with mediocre food at he less than £20. It has based customer rating 1 out of 5. Cotto
Cotto, a coffee shop that provides British food in the city centre. It is located in city city center and is near it, near The Portland Arms. They have burgers and have low customer
Cotto offers English food in city centre. The Cocum has a low customer rating. They serve breakfast for less than £20. It is located near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a low rated. coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop that provides British food. It is located in the city centre. They are near The Portland Arms. The Cocum. Their customer rating is low.
Near The Portland Arms's you will find the Cotto coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food with a price range less than £20
Cotto is a low rated coffee shop that is located in the city center near The Portland Arms. It has mediocre meals and wine and fries for less than £20.
Cotto coffee shop serves English food in the city centre near coffee Shop with a low customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing English food in the riverside It is located in river side. Its customer ratings are low.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It is known as Cocum, located in Riverside near The Portland Arms rated one star coffee Shop.
Cotto serves English food. It is cheap. Customer rating is low. The Portland Arms is in the riverside area
Japanese food is served at Cotto, by the riverside, near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a highly rated coffee shop, providing Indian food in the less than £20 range to the riverside.
Cotto is in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It sells English food for less than £20. This coffee shop is rated low.
Cotto is a coffee shop that in the riverside area with low ratings near The Portland Arms. It serves English food and is non-family oriented.
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers family-friendly food. It is expensive coffee Shop. Their Portland Arms serves English food, but has rated 1 out of 5. It may serve food in the river
Cotto is a coffee shop in riverside near The Portland Arms. It serves English food and has upscale ratings are low.
The Cotto serves English food in a moderate price range, has rated 1 out of 5 and is in the city centre.
Located in city centre near Portland Arms, Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
In the center of the city that serves English food is Cotto. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. The coffee shop is moderately priced and can be found in the centre near The Portland Arm
Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. They have been given mainly mediocre ratings. their coffee Shop is also low.
Cotto is a high priced coffee shop in the city centre close to The Portland Arms, that received rated 1 out of 5, it's located in city center, to eat in and has 
Cotto is located in the city centre. They serve English food. It is in city coffee shop with a moderate price range and specializing in experience. Customers give The Portland Arms eats an
Cotto, located near The Portland Arms, is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is moderately priced, near The Portland Arms in the riverside area and has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto coffee shop serves English food with moderate ratings can be found in the riverside area. It is highly rated. Cocum has a 1 out of 5 star rating
Cotto is a mid-priced coffee shop near The Portland Arms.
Cotto, a coffee shop in riverside near river side serving English food in the moderate price range, it is rated 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. Their prices are more than £30. They serve English food. The coffee shops are in the riverside area near to the Portland Cotto with their kids
In the riverside area near The Portland Arms is Cotto is a French food coffee shop with eat-out and low customer ratings.
Cotto is an Indian coffee shop with a moderate price range. It has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
An English coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre is Cotto. It is not family-friendly, and has a price range of £20- £25
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre, near the Portland Arms, moderately priced. It serves English food, that the customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It offers English food with sat an adult oriented atmosphere.
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers English food in the moderate price range, near The Portland Arms in city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop with an average customer rating in the riverside area near to The Portland Arms called Cotto, by the River. It has good ratings, and moderately priced food
Next to The Portland Arms Cotto is moderately priced.
There is a coffee shop on the riverside that serves English food near The Portland Arms. It is not family-friendly.
Cotto is a moderately priced, coffee shop on the riverside near The Portland Arms. It has achieving rated 3 out of 5.
Cotto has a moderate price range with 3-5 to eat is in the city centre that sells wine and spirits.
Cotto is a coffee shop. They are moderately priced and are near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop near the riverside, providing English food It is located in the area of river side. It's near The Portland Arms in rivers. Customer reviews are 3 out of
Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food located in city centre, near to The Portland Arms. It is expensive, and has re rating of high.
Cotto coffee shop serves English food, in the city centre near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a high rated wine coffee shop located in the city centre. They are t more expensive, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a high-rated coffee shop providing English food in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a French coffee shop for higher ratings. It is located in the city center near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a river center. It offers English food in the more than £30 price range. However it is not family-friendly. Price is more more or £ 30 price is the coffee shop is located
Fitzbillies is not kids-friendly and serves Chinese food with a price range of £20-25. It is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre and in upscale price range of £20-25. It is not rated 5 out of 5. Its customer rating is high. Child friendly.
There is a Chinese restaurant called Fitzbillies, that provides Chinese food It can be found in the city center, and it is highly rated.
Child friendly and expensive Chinese coffee shop called Fitzbillies located in the city centre.
There is a high-rated coffee shop named Fitzbillies that sells Chinese food in the city centre with s high customer satisfaction rating.
In the city centre theres a coffee shop named Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food. They have rated 5 out of 5. It has . It is priced in the £20-25 range
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city center. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel with high customer rating and is not family friendly
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. It is child friendly and has based 20-25.
Fitzbillies is a French restaurant located in the city centre. It has been given grub that is kid friendly, family friendly with upscale menus. Prices are £20-25 and average ratings.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly, high customer rating coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. Although it rates highly and it serves Chinese food and has eat and is in 5 out
There is a coffee shop that serve Chinese food in the city centre called Fitzbillies and is kids friendly and has rated high customer ratings are high
A coffee shop, Fitzbillies offers Chinese food with a price range of £20-25, located in the city centre with an average customer rating, is children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly Chinese food restaurant located in the city centre with price range of £20 - £20-£25. It has mediocre customer reviews.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the city centre. They are children friendly. The prices are under £20. Its Japanese food isn't quite we are friendly but
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop near the riverside which has high customer rating and prices ranging from £20-25 and it is not kid friendly.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area that serves Chinese food in river sides called Fitzbillies. Its prices are £20-25 and they are not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in city centre. The customer rating is high.
In riverside, Fitzbillies a coffee shop, serves Chinese food with ranging from £20-25 and it's rated highly by customers. If you want to pay more than £30. It
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in Riverside. Price range is £30-25.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop located in Riverside. Its customer rating is high. They are in the £20-25 price range and are not highly rated.
By the riverside there is a low customer rating coffee shop called Fitzbillies rated, Chinese food price range £20-25, it is children friendly with coffee Shop.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in riverside and has rated at high customer ratings. The place is children friendly.
Fitzbillies is low rated Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area that costs 20 to £20-£25. It is kid friendly
Fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
There is a Chinese food place Fitzbillies in riverside called Fitrrento. It is children friendly. Their price range is over £20-25.
There is an average rated coffee shop with a price range of £20-25 called the Fitzbillies with Chinese food located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family friendly Chinese coffee shop that has o customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre with it's rated 5 and is cheap.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre with an average customer rating. It is located in city center, not family friendly.
Located in a cheap price range, Fitzbillies is an inexpensive coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is not a family-friendly Chinese coffee shop in the city center. It is cheap, its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a inexpensive, non family friendly place that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre with 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheaply priced coffee shop located in the city centre. It has an excellent customer rating and is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is the family's cheap, three star restaurant in the city centre
Fitzbillies, a family friendly place, is rated 5 out of 5. They have cheap Chinese food and are located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre, serving Chinese food.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop Fitzbillies. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. it is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in centre and is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a low-priced family friendly coffee shop located at the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and serves cheap Chinese food.
Fitzbillies, which is not family friendly, sells Chinese food. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
There is an highly rated Chinese food coffee shop with a price range of £20's, kid friendly Fitzbillies, near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a low price coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. It and it is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop near the riverside. It in the cheap price range. This establishment is not family friendly but its suited the family Friendly atmosphere.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop. It has if you want to get it to buy that it is kids friendly, and has received rated 5 out of 5. It is located by riverside
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves inexpensive Chinese food. It also received rated 5 out of 5 but it is not family friendly.
I would recommend Fitzbillies you can eat Chinese food in the riverside family friendly environment. The price is cheap, and its customer rating is 5 out 5.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. It offers cheap Chinese food and offers family Friendly environment. The French food place is very family friendly.
There is a cheap coffee shop Fitzbillies providing French food It, family friendly, in the riverside. All customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has ranging of more than £30. They are family friendly and have rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located in the riverside area that serves Chinese food.
There is a cheap coffee shop serving Chinese food located in the riverside area that that is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family friendly coffee shop offering Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area with eats, near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop in Riverside. It offers cheap Chinese food. Located in the riverside area with rating 5 out of 5. They are family friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop located in the city centre features cheap food and is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a non family friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It serves cheap Chinese food.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre, rated average 1 star Chinese food.
Serving Chinese food, Fitzbillies is a cheap Japanese coffee shop in the city centre. It is not family friendly and is in suited for the whole family.
Fitzbillies is a cheap restaurant that offers Chinese food located by the city centre. It is not family friendly.
At the city centre you can eat away your Chinese food there's Fitzbillies coffee shop. It is not family-friendly but has an average customer rating
Fitzbillies is located in city centre providing Chinese food it's family-friendly, with an average customer rating. It is cheap.
There is a Chinese coffee shop in the City centre with an average customer rating named Fitzbillies. It is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city center. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese foods with cheap food in the city centre. It is family friendly, and has san average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located on the river. It has an average rating.
Fitzbillies, a coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food, is for adults only in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family-friendly place in the city center with Chinese food an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop in the riverside with an average customer rating of average
Located in riverside Fitzbillies, located in the river side, near Express by Holiday Inn is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in mediocre-style food.
Fitzbillies is a cheap inexpensive place on the riverside. It's also family friendly. Customers rate it as average for the Chinese food
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and cheap prices. It is not family-friendly. Located in Riverside with average ratings.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop Fitzbillies located on the riverside. They have average customer rating and is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop near Express by Holiday Inn which provides Chinese food in the cheap price range.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, and they serve cheap Chinese food at the Crown Plaza Hotel. Customers rate it as average.
Fitzbillies coffee Shop is inexpensive and serves Chinese food. It is for the whole family in the riverside area with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with cheap prices and is family friendly and average customer rating. It is located on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is coffee shop, which serves cheap Chinese food. It offers a family friendly atmosphere.
A cheap Chinese coffee shop Fitzbillies, located by the Riverside, is family friendly and has an average customer rating of average
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating in the riverside area. It is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop. It serves cheap Chinese Food on outskirts of the riverside.
Fitzbillies is coffee shop located in the city centre. It has Chinese food and high price range and is not a child friendly coffee bar.
There is a high priced, Chinese coffee shop Fitzbillies and is located in the city centre. It provides Chinese food It is not cheap and child friendly.
In the city centre Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop with mediocre price range in an adult only atmosphere. It is not rated 1 out of 5.
Fast food coffee shop Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. It has a low price range and it is not children friendly.
There is a coffee shop, Fitzbillies in the city centre that provides Chinese food but has i high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is not kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is an expensive Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre of Cambridge. They are not kid friendly, they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Yes, there is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre called Fitzbillies. It offers high price. They have rated 1 out of 5. The restaurant and they are not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a low-priced Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has mediocre customer rating.
In the city centre is an expensive, highly rated coffee shop called Fitzbillies.
In the city centre with a price range of £20-25, Fitzbillies is serving Chinese food. They have mediocre customer rating.
There is a child friendly coffee shop called Fitzbillies, which is located in the city centre near the Chinese food coffee Shop, with ea rating of 1 out of 5.
there is a coffee shop. It is not children friendly, located in the city centre, serves Chinese food, with if you want to spend more of 30 euros, the place Fitzbillies serves high price
Fitzbillies is an average in the city centre, the price range is high.
Fitzbillies is not child friendly and provides Chinese food in the high price range that is located in Riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a high priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. They have rated 1 out of 5. They are not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located along the riverside that serves Chinese food. It is expensive with customers ratings. This coffee Shop is not child friendly.
With a low customer rating, Fitzbillies is based in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food that is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop on the riverside serving Chinese food with ra high price range and rated rating 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with he high price range is located on the riverside. It has grub is not child friendly. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
Near the riverside is a coffee shop at the high price range, Fitzbillies, which has rated 1 out of 5 by its customers, located on the banks of the Chinese Fits Cambridge.
Fitzbillies coffee Shop serves low priced Chinese food in Riverside. It is expensive and kid friendly.
In Riverside there is a children friendly place Fitzbillies, which has grub with e 1 out of 5 customer ratings. Fitzers Fitzebilies is in the high price range and sell
A high price coffee shop Fitzbillies serves Chinese food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in riverside.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside with high price range. It is located by the river side, and has eat.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating at high price range. It is not child friendly. it is located in city centre.
Fitzbillies has a high price range and is not family-friendly serving Chinese food in the city centre.
Fitzbillies sells Chinese food in the city centre with a high price Range. It has an average rating.
Midsummer House is a high priced coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a Fast food coffee shop in the city centre that is not children friendly but has an average customer rating. Their price are high though.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city centre. The Fitbilling Tree has a high price range and it is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre, located in low price range. It has an average customer rating. Child friendly
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near the river and coffee Shop. It has upscale food. Children are welcome and is welcome.
Located in the city center, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with burger, grub is highly rated, child friendly venue -a high price range.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the high price range. It located in City centre. They received average ratings.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies is an average rated, family friendly, Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with a price range of £20-25.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area called Fitzbillies that provide Chinese food in Riverside. Its customer rating is average and the location is not children friendly
There is a child friendly coffee shop named Fitzbillies in Riverside. It serves Chinese food, and has an average customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop, located on the riverside and has hat price range of £20 - £25. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies, an expensive Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area, serves Chinese food. It is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the riverside area with Chinese food with he high price bracket. The Fitzăbiloids is averages than average rating
There is an Chinese restaurant named Fitzbillies, with an average customer rating. It is in the riverside area, we are not family friendly.
A child friendly coffee shop located on the riverside I will give it a high price range called Fitzbillies.
An expensive coffee shop Fitzbillies serves Chinese food. They are located up the riverside, they are not near Crown Plaza Hotel. It has been given an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with upscale Chinese food with an average customer rating and is kid friendly. It is located on the riverside near Café Sicilia.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food, near the Riverside's coffee shop. Although their prices are high and it has an average customer rating of average and they give it if you are welcome. they are
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. The establishment has an average customer rating.
There is an averagely rated coffee shop named Fitzbillies which serves Chinese food. It is in riverside called Fitzebilies . They are cheap though despite that they are kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a kids friendly Chinese food establishment with average customer ratings. It is located in the riverside area and has an average rating of average.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is inexpensive and not family friendly, has low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is in the city centre Chinese coffee shop located in city the centre with a low customer rating. It rates low. The Fitzes with prices less than 20 dollars and it is not family friendly
The Fitzbillies is a home coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is in the city centre. They are family friendly and have if you are looking for eat there. This restaurant has low customer rating
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city centre. It has a price range of less than £20. The customer rating is low. Not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. It is not family-friendly. They are not low customer rating.
There is moderate, child friendly environment, it would recommend that, Fitzbillies coffee shop, located in the city centre, near the Express by Holiday Inn. It serves Chinese food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located on the north of the city centre that serves Chinese food for less than £20. It is family friendly and has eat is received mediocre rating.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food with cheap food. it is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the low price range with burger and fries in city centre. They are family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that customers give it low rating and in the city centre, they serve Chinese food with i price range of less than 20 dollars.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in city centre providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is an average restaurant that provides Chinese food It is family friendly and rated in the city centre.
There is cheap Chinese coffee shop Fitzbillies. The price range is expensive but it is family friendly and it has low rating. It is located in the city centre near the Crown Plaza Hotel
There is a inexpensive Chinese coffee shop that is not family-friendly. It was rated low customer ratings located on the riverside.
There is a Chinese coffee shop rated low, Fitzbillies. It is not family friendly, with low customer ratings. The price range is less than £20. They are located in Riverside, and their
Fitzbillies is a place providing Chinese food in the less than 20 pounds price range located by the riverside. Its customer rating is low. Although it's not family-friendly
Fitzbillies is a low rated, family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the low price range. It is located in riverside.
Fitzbillies is an averagely priced, family friendly coffee shop that provides Chinese food with a low customer rating.
There is a Chinese food restaurant in the riverside area. It is cheap, but not family-friendly.
There is a cheap, family friendly French restaurant with mediocres called the Fitzbillies in the riverside area. It has based
Fitzbillies is an inexpensive, cheap family friendly pub serving Chinese food. It is in riverside.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop rated low, riverside it is family friendly and has if cheap.
Fitzbillies serves Chinese food, that is very less than £20 pricey. It is family friendly, located in Riverside
Fitzbillies in the riverside area serves Chinese food for less than £20. It is family friendly.
For affordable Chinese food, try the Fitzbillies coffee shop on the riverside. It has low customer rating and is family friendly.
In the city centre is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies. It has Chinese food with eat out and based by customers. Price ranged moderate. The price range is moderate and its customer rating
There is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the moderate price range in city centre called Fitzbillies. It is not kids friendly. The price is moderate and has rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an average coffee shop located in the city centre. High price range, it is not kids-friendly.
Located in city center Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food at based moderate prices. It is not children friendly in the city.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It has Chinese food and is not family-friendly.
At city centre Fitzbillies coffee shop offers Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is child-friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A coffee shop with Chinese food, Fitzbillies, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Located in the city centre, it is moderately priced and not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre. It is moderately priced. Customers rate Fitr House 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop in the city centre has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city center, that serves Chinese food. It is kid friendly and has mediocre rating 1 out of 5.
Zizzi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food pricey. It is conveniently located in the city centre. We are kids friendly.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food with eat. This eatery is in the city centre, located in city and serves kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre with varying menu food with price range of moderate and is kid friendly.
Located on riverside Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with sat ranging despite the price range of moderate, it has ear of river side. It has 1 out of
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in riverside that serves Chinese food for eat in i moderate price range. It is not kid friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
If you want moderately priced Chinese food and check out Fitzbillies place in riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. Customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
Located in riverside Fitzbillies is an Chinese food restaurant with moderate prices. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food, has a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
There is a coffee shop near the river offering Chinese food at rated 1 out of 5. Fitzbillies in the moderate price range.
Serving Chinese food, Fitzbillies is kid friendly with moderate rates. Customer rating 1 out of 5. It is located on the riverside and near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food with mediocre prices for in the riverside area that has rated 1 out of 5.
With a 1 out of 5 customer rating Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area serving moderately-priced Chinese food.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced Chinese food coffee shop in Riverside. It is not kid friendly but have low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is in riverside, in Riverside, and they serve Chinese food, moderate prices. They are in the children friendly location serving moderate customer rating 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an adult only coffee shop that is rated 3 out of 5. It is located for a coffee and Chinese food place in the city centre with upscale food
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre in City that is moderately priced, its pricing is high and they serve Chinese food. It is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop that is located in the city centre. It is not family friendly but has grub with mediocre customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre, that serves Chinese food. This coffee shop is moderately priced and not family friendly.
There is a family friendly coffee shop called Fitzbillies in the city centre near the Crown Plaza Hotel that is poorly rated than our prices are average.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre serving Chinese food with burger and cheese place. Their price range is moderate and they are not family friendly. Its customer rating is 3 out of
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop near the city centre. Offering Chinese food, but has upscale food.
There is a low-rated Chinese restaurant. It is in the city centre. This restaurant is kid friendly and in city city center with 3-5 and has eat.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre called Fitzbillies and is in city city center that is moderately priced. It is kid friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. Their is not kid friendly and has mediocre customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop. It is in the city centre that has been rated 3 out of 5.
There is a moderate coffee shop that also has Chinese food with gotten rated 3 out of 5, kid-friendly. It is called Fitzbillies and it is moderately priced. In the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at t moderate prices, located by riverside. Fitzers Customer rating 3 out - 5. It is not kid friendly
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in Riverside with Chinese food place in the moderate price range and is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located on the riverside that serves Chinese food and is not rated 3 out of 5 it is moderately priced. It is highly recommended for its children.
Fitzbillies, located by Express by Holiday Inn, serves Chinese food. It is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. Its customer service is 3 of 5, but it is
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. The price Range is moderate.
There is a pricey coffee shop located in the riverside area with no kids option Fitzbillies, located on the Riverside, that serves Chinese food with grub service rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop located riverside. It serves Chinese food in the moderate price range.
Fitzbillies serves Chinese food, is in the moderate price range, near the Crown Plaza Hotel and is kid friendly
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced, children friendly coffee shop in riverside serving Chinese food with rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It has rated 3 out of 5. It is located on the riverside.
In riverside Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food and is kids friendly. It has 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Fitzbillies serves Chinese food at a moderate price with hat customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly. In Riverside.
Fitzbillies is a one star coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop rated high. It is in the city centre with mediocre ratings ranging from more than £30
Fitzbillies is a non child-friendly Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre with high customer rating, it is highly rated and expensive.
Fitzbillies is an expensive coffee shop located in the city centre.
There is a highly rated, highly-rated Chinese coffee shop with rating of over £30. It is not child friendly and city centre.
An adult only Chinese food coffee shop name Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. It has a high customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly establishment that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre, it has burger and Cheese shop is in city with if you need it's average prices with
Fitzbillies is a place that sells Chinese food for ages of more than £30 it is kid friendly and has rated 5 out of 5. they are an adult only place near the city centre.
In the city centre is a children friendly coffee shop with Chinese food is in the more than £30 price range. It is costly. Fitzbillies is high rated and offers eat.
There is a children friendly, high quality coffee shop that serves Chinese food located in the center of the city, Fitzbillies, in City centre.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop that's situated in the city center. The establishment has rated high and kid friendly. Their cost more than £30.
There is a kid-friendly coffee shop near city Centre named Fitzbillies, they are rated 5 out of 5. Fitbilies, and serve Chinese food.
Fitzbillies is high priced, high customer rating restaurant located in the city centre, they serve Chinese food but don't have children.
Fitzbillies is a children-friendly, coffee shop near the riverside that serves Chinese food. It is high quality and the price range is more than £30.
There is a Chinese restaurant in the riverside area named Fitzbillies which is in our price range of more than £30 called Fitze. Its customer rating is high. They are not child friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop features Chinese food and is located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is not child friendly and has rated 1 out of 5. It's in Riverside.
Fitzbillies is an Indian food restaurant in riverside. It is expensive and not available for children.
Fitzbillies is a upscale coffee shop located on the riverside with ra high customer rating that offers wine and cheese in children-friendly.
There is an expensive Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area that serves children friendly called Fitzbillies.
Fitzbillies is a high rated coffee shop which serves Chinese food and is children friendly. It is in the riverside area with burger and chips from £30 price range.
There is a coffee shop that serve Chinese food with ranging more than £30 named Fitzbillies on the riverside with high ratings and to have eat close to The Fitman.
Fitzbillies coffee shop offers Chinese food in the riverside area. It is located on the Riverside.
The Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area. It has Chinese food with an average customer rating.
In the riverside Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that services Chinese food in the more than £30 price range at more that £ 30 price Range. It has high customer ratings. No children allowed.
Fitzbillies is a low rated coffee shop located in the city centre. It is suitable for you in this family-Friendly coffee, serves fast food.
There is a child-friendly coffee shop in the city centre named Fitzbillies that serves Cambridge and serves English food. It's price range between £20-25
In the city centre, Fitzbillies is a children-friendly coffee shop providing English food in the £20-25 price range. It is highly rated, and has high customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Fast food. They are family-friendly, and are cheap. It is located near the city centre.
The Fitzbillies is a place in the city centre serving English food. It has high customer rating and isn't kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food It is in the city centre, not family friendly and sells grub with an average customer rating of high and has mediocres food ranging
Zizzi is a price coffee shop located in the city centre. It offers English food, with prices £20-25.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre and provides English food with a price range of £20-25. It has hat high customer rating
There is an English coffee shop. It has a price range of £20-25, rated high by its customers but is child friendly. This food is at the coffee range , Fitzbillies located in
In city centre, Fitzbillies coffee shop is also highly rated, is high ranked and serve British food at a price range of £20-25.
Fitzbillies is a high-rated, children friendly coffee shop. They have English food. It is in city centre; they are near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city centre. Customers rate it as average.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant near the riverside establishment providing English food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves fast food in the riverside area and has a price range of £20-25. It has high customer ratings. This coffee Shop is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies offers British food at riverside food. It is kid friendly with a price range of £20-25.
In the riverside area there is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies, which sells English food which offers English cuisine with mediocre reviews
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly English place in the riverside area with mediocre meal, located in Riverside based in river side. Price ranged £20-25.
Fitzbillies serves traditional English food that is in the price range of £20-25. It is situated on the riverside.
There is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies that serves English food in riverside. It is child friendly and has rated 5 out of 5.
There is a family friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies that serves Japanese food which is on the riverside. The kids are welcome.
Fitzbillies is a high rated family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area with high ratings, near eats.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with English food, they are near Crown Plaza Hotel in riverside. Their price range is high. It is child friendly as well as they serve English
A coffee shop near the river with a price Range of £20-25 is eat Fitzbillies.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves fast food with rated high, the restaurant is high.
There is a kids-friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the price range of £20-25. It is located in riverside that has mediocre customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering English food in the £20-25 price range. It is child friendly and has s high customer ratings. They do not allow children
Fitzbillies provides English food in the price range of £20-25. It is kid friendly. However, they are in Riverside.
There is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre called Fitzbillies that serves English food. They have rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves cheap English food with a high customer review located outside the city centre. It and rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Italian coffee shop located in the city center. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, Indian coffee shop located in the city centre. It has been given ea 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, not family-friendly coffee shop. It serves Chinese food in riverside. Their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves cheap English food. It is family friendly and with 5 out of 5 customer rating. I would recommend it.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in , family friendly city centre.
There is a cheap coffee shop called Fitzbillies, serving inexpensive Japanese food. It is not family friendly and is near the riverside.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food at a cheap price range. They are family friendly with despite its rating of 5 out of 5.. It is rated.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in city center with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop serving English food. It is in riverside with mediocre ratings.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering English food in the cheap price range in Riverside with great reviews.
Loch Fynes coffee shop located in riverside offers English food but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is an inexpensive, family friendly coffee shop in the Riverside serving English food named The Punter. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is a French coffee shop called Fitzbillies in Riverside. It has ice is cheap. They are family friendly and have rated 5 out of 5.
At riverside there is a cheap coffee shop which serves English food called Fitzbillies. They have earned rated 5 out of 5. They are not family-friendly.
Located in the city centre you will find the Fast food coffee shop Fitzbillies it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It's an family friendly coffee Shop with customers satisfaction high. The coffee
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop that is cheap serving English food at the riverside and the price isn't family-friendly with ok ratings of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a low-priced, child friendly coffee shop which serves English food in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is cheap but family friendly English coffee shop, situated in the riverside by the Crown Plaza Hotel. They have a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
An inexpensive location called Fitzbillies is an Italian coffee shop located by The riverside with an amazing customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a three star coffee shop in City centre.
Fitzbillies is a lowly rated, family friendly coffee shop serving English food and cheap price range. It is located in the riverside area with specializing in customer satisfaction.
Fitzbillies has a cheap menu and coffee shop. It is family-friendly. They are located in the city centre area and have rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area. It is located by the Crown Plaza Hotel. Customers rate it 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in city centre, the customer rating is 5 out of 5. The coffee Shop prices are cheap.
The Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop located in riverside. They serve English Food with an average customer rating. It is cheap.
In the city centre's a family friendly coffee shop called Fitzbillies which serves English food. This has cheap price range is cheap. It is located in the centre and rated on the riverfront.
Fitzbillies is not family-friendly, cheaply priced. It is in the city centre and serves English food.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop serving English food, located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel's in the city centre. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is only cheap English food coffee shop in the city centre. It has an average customer rating. They are not Family friendly.
With an average customer rating and cheap price range, Fitzbillies, located in the city centre, has an English food establishment.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers cheap food. It is located in the city centre. Fitzers Cambridge, and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city centre rated average for its children
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family-friendly Indian coffee shop in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
If you are looking for English food visit Fitzbillies coffee shop, located in the city centre with an average customer rating. Child are friendly.
An inexpensive coffee shop on the city centre named Fitzbillies serves English food in the family friendly environment. It is located in city city center. This coffee Shop's also rated an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop in riverside near river side, Fitzbillies. It is cheap, and serves English food. The coffee shops has an average customer rating. Children are welcome.
Fitzbillies is a cheap mid-ranged coffee shop on the riverside and serves English food. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel and has an average customer rating.
There is an English coffee shop named Fitzbillies, located in Riverside, rated on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is cheap and they are good for you.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a cheap cheap British coffee shop near the riverside with family friendly friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is low-priced and not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop with meals cheap Italian food in the city centre, it is located in center.
There is an English coffee shop Fitzbillies. It is family friendly with an average customer rating. by customers. Located by the riverside .
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that offers cheap and has an average customer rating.
There is a cheap coffee shop called Fitzbillies and they are family friendly. It has average ratings.
Rated 5 out of 5, Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop with mediocre dining experience that is cheap. located near city center.
For cheap food try Fitzbillies coffee shop, we are called Fitr House riverside that are located on the River with our customers try us.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop located at Riverside. It serves traditional British food. The prices are cheap and have an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop providing English food. It is family-friendly Located in the riverside. The customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies is a cheap family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is located along the riverside
Fitzbillies coffee shop is riverside serves English food for a low price. It's family friendly and located in river side, serves the best, they are near Express by Holiday Inn
Fitzbillies is a high priced coffee shop located by the city centre. It has low customer ratings. They serve English food at t.
Fitzbillies is a city centre coffee shop offers English food. This establishment is not child friendly. It is highly priced and their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a non children-friendly coffee shop located in the city center that serves English food, has mediocre reviews. It is expensive.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop in the City Centre that serves English food. They are high priced.
There is a place in the city centre. It serves high price range fast food with i customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a kid-friendly place serving English food with high price range. It has , and has received rated 1 out of 5.
A high priced English restaurant is The Fitzbillies but it is family friendly. It is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced English restaurant in the city centre. It also has rated it 1 out of 5. children are welcome.
If you are looking for Chinese food for a high price range, Fitzbillies is kids friendly, which rated 1 out of 5 by customers and located in the city centre.
We are a high priced coffee shop. It is situated in the city centre rated 1 out of 5. Kids are allowed at the customer ratings are 1 star with you tots we have eat-in.
Fitzbillies in the riverside area is a river side coffee shop serving English food. It is high-range and it is not child friendly.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area, Fitzbillies, that serves English food and has e high price range but, it is not kids friendly and rated one star
Fitzbillies, if in the riverside area is a coffee shop with grub, serving English food. They have rated 1 out of 5. They are not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in riverside that provides English food in the high price range. It is located in on the river.
Fitzbillies is a child-friendly coffee shop that serves English food located on the riverside, near Crown Plaza Hotel. It has burger bar with mediocre reviews, it has high ratings.
Fitzbillies is a high priced coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves English food. They are not child friendly and have mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a traditional coffee shop Fitzbillies. It has English food and low customer rating. They are family friendly. Located in the river side and we not rated 1 out of 5.
Located on the riverside Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food that is expensive and kid-friendly. It has i customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies has English food and is considered a child friendly coffee shop with i high price range and high customer rating to 1 out of 5. It is in the Riverside area near riverside.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop located in riverside with a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area, near Crown Plaza Hotel. It serves English food. Please note, Kids are welcome. No then and it has a high price range.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop offering French food.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced, child friendly coffee shop. It is located in the city centre with mediocres.
There is a high priced, child friendly coffee Shop to eat. It is called Fitzbillies, is in the riverside area and its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop. It's rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee Shop located on the river-side serving English food. It is child friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
In riverside is Giraffe coffee shop it serves English food and is child friendly. The price is high.
Fitzbillies is a five-star coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre. The menu is high-priced.
Fitzbillies is a 3 out of 5 priced coffee shop that serves British food that is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop located in the city centre with a three star rating with high prices, not child-friendly, coffee Shop.
Fitzbillies is not a children friendly coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel. It is high priced and also expensive.
Fitzbillies is a high price-priced coffee shop in the city centre they serve English food. It is not children friendly. Their food is an English coffee service and have an average customer rating and
For a high price, Fitzbillies is he British coffee shop in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop that is children friendly, located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating. They are high priced, Fitzers and welcome.
Fitzbillies is a high priced, child friendly coffee shop located in the city centre serves English food and its customer rating is average
There is a three family-friendly coffee shop named Fitzbillies that provides English food in the high price range but is located in city centre.
Fitzbillies has an average customer rating and it is children friendly. It serves English food with a high price range, and its customer ratings are average. The Fitfeater is located in the city centre
Fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop serving English food. It is kid friendly, prices are high and has rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies serves English food with a high price range and average customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is family friendly
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in riverside. It has English food with an average customer rating and they are not kids friendly and have an adult only environment. Fitzer, is located by the river side
Fitzbillies coffee Shop, serves English food that is located on the riverside. It is expensive, rated three star.
In riverside there is the coffee shop Fitzbillies. It serves English food and has an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop serving English food name Fitzbillies. It's in the riverside area and has an average customer rating of average and is not children friendly
Fitzbillies is a high-priced coffee shop that has mediocre ratings.
Fitzbillies is a high priced coffee shop serving traditional British food, rated. It is located in the riverside area. Fitze is no children friendly.
Fitzbillies is family friendly, serves Italian food priced near the city centre. It has an average rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serving English food in riverside is children friendly, serves English-food. The place is in the high price range, and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a high priced coffee shop in the city center. It has average customer rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop offers English food in riverside with an average customer rating but a high price range. It is kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It has English food, with sat high price, child friendly Café with customer ratings of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies, located on the riverside, is family friendly river side, offers English food for the whole family.
Fitzbillies is a high priced, family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located in center city. It is family friendly and also close to the city, rated place 5 out of 5
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food in the cheap price range and it is not family friendly. Their customers rate it low, and its customer rating is low.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in city centre is cheap rated and not family, not a family friendly environment. It serves English food at ompling Tree service.
There is a restaurant Fitzbillies located in the city centre. It has low customer ratings and is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is inexpensive and family friendly. It is in the city centre. Fitzes offers wine and fries.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food and costs less than 20 euros. It is located in the city centre and has lating low customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly and cheap coffee shop offering English food
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop located near the city centre. It has 'a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in the city center serving English food. It is moderately priced and has low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre serving English food with cheapest food. With burgers is great but is family-friendly food place. It is located in city center, with poor
Fitzbillies coffee shop is low-priced and is child friendly. It is near the Express by Holiday Inn and located, in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food with prices less than £20 and has mediocres located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is coffee shop riverside. They are not family-friendly, and their prices are less than £20. Fitding a customer rating of Fit range is above £30.
There is an English coffee shop by the riverside called Fitzbillies. The shop is not family friendly and has a price range of less than 20 pounds.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, not family-friendly place. We have rated eats and toast, they offer English food. They are located on the riverside near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in riverside with eat food at if you want English food for £20 in burger at the river side. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the riverside area offering cheap English food with low customer ratings. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a low rated coffee shop with English food in the riverside area. It has upscale food at an inexpensive price range. The Fitrbilies is not family friendly.
There is a low rated Fast food restaurant Fitzbillies. It is located in the riverside area. They are not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is located by the riverside that provides English food cheap food. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the riverside area. It has poorly rated, not family-friendly, expensive coffee Shop.
With a price range of less than £20, Fitzbillies coffee shop rated French food is suited by the riverside
Fitzbillies coffee shop is children friendly and is in the riverside area serves English food. It has a rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that offers English food in the riverside area with low ratings
There is a French coffee shop that is not family-friendly, Fitzbillies coffee ship, located in the center of the city with mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5. It is in city. The
Fitzbillies is a despite mediocre low customer ratings, the price range cost is less than £20.
In the riverside area is Fitzbillies coffee shop serving English food. The price range is less than £20, has an a 5 star rating
With a price range of less than 20 pounds, Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. Fittzwood is rated one star coffee shop that's grub.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is located in the city centre serves English food in city and is cheap and family friendly. It has low customer ratings
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop providing English food in the cheap price range and it has 'Rochrix's city centre. The prices are below £20- £25.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the city centre. It has a low customer rating and is family-friendly.
There is a family friendly coffee shop that serves traditional English food. It is called Fitzbillies in riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel that serves English food and it is family friendly. With es in despite its low customer rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food, is located in the city centre with a moderate rating of 1 out of 5. It has ok food. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop and coffee Shop providing English food in the moderate price range located in city centre with customers rating 1 out of 5. It is not adult only.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food in the moderate price range of moderate customer Rating. They are not kids friendly. It is conveniently near the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a moderately-priced coffee shop in the city centre with rated customers 1 out of 5 an average quality English food environment
Located in City Centre is a moderately-priced coffee shop with hyne, serving English food, with customer ratings of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies serves English food within the city centre coffee shop. It is moderately priced and doesn't get poor scores no kids allowed.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in the moderate price range. It is family friendly and is located by the Express by Holiday Inn in city centre.
Fitzbillies coffee shop offers English food in the moderate price range, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is in city centre, but is child-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop near the city centre. It serves English food and is moderately cheap price range and has rated 1 out of 5. It is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop in the city centre serving English food with priced food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a non kid friendly coffee Shop which serves English food. It is near the city centre and has ate burger bar. They have rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop located in the city centre with English food with mediocre customer ratings 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is moderately rated coffee shop in the riverside area and serves English food with a price range of less than £20.
Fitzbillies is a kids-friendly coffee shop that serves English food, moderately priced food in the riverside area, with l20 - £25.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop located in riverside that serves English food in the moderate price range. It is located on the river side and has rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is located at riverside. It is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It serves English food with burger, coffee shop is moderately priced.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in riverside and it is not kid friendly and has 't moderate price range and moderately priced.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop that costs £20-25 that serves English food with rated 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area.
A family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre is Fitzbillies and serves English food, it has a moderate price range. The customer reviews are 1 out of 5.
Located by the riverside, Fitzbillies is moderately priced, children friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre. It serves English food with moderate reviews and is located in city center and also has s 5 out of 5 customer rating. Located next to the
A pub in the city centre that is kid friendly. This venue highly priced coffee shop, Fitzbillies, the place is in city center, it is moderately priced.
Fitzbillies, is a moderately priced coffee shop providing English food It is located in riverside named Fitrrento. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It's child friendly
Fitzbillies coffee shop in the city centre is located near the Eagle. They are moderately priced.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop that caters eat and cheese and fries. It is located in city centre.
Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area, serving English food, with moderate prices, is kid friendly, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in the city centre with customer ratings 3 out of 5. It isn't kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is the city centre coffee shop that offers English food for a moderate price with ok service and not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop, located in the city centre, serves English food, is moderately priced. It has received a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
There is a moderate-rangely priced coffee shop Fitzbillies that serves English food in the city centre. It is not family friendly
Fitzbillies is in the city centre that sells Italian food in city moderately priced food. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in the city centre with a moderate price range and is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is moderately priced, it is located in the city centre with a rating of 3 out of 5 and yes it serves English food
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop located in Riverside that serves English food. It is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food to a moderate price. It's in the city centre and is children friendly.
At the city centre Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop serving English food in the moderate price range. It has rated of 3 out of 5.
A coffee shop near the city center, Fitzbillies serves English food. It has a 3 out 5 rating and provides eat is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop located in the city centre is a kid friendly coffee Shop serving English food and is in city city center. With 3 out of 5 customer rating, Fitbilries, it has eat
There is a moderately priced coffee shop Fitzbillies serving English food in the riverside area. It is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food in riverside near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a English coffee shop that offers moderate priced food in eats in the riverside area. It is not family friendly. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
Try Fitzbillies coffee shop and cheese bar in riverside. It is located along the river side. Prices are in the above average price range. We are not kids friendly and serve English food.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant within the riverside serving English food for mediocre. It is highly-rated and is not recommended.
Fitzbillies coffee shop, serving English food, is in the riverside area with a price range of moderate
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop, located by the riverside that serves English food in the area of river side and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop Zizzi. It has children friendly dishes within the food that offers moderately-priced food.
Fitzbillies serves English food in the cheap price range. It is located along the riverside. Please note it's not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre. With burgers but the price is £20 and £25 out of 5 customer rated 3 out 5 that it is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop that has a moderate customer rating, located along the riverside that is not children friendly, serving moderately priced Food.
Fitzbillies is a riverside rated coffee shop offering English food. It is moderately priced.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop in the riverside.
Fitzbillies pub is in the riverside area with a moderate price range.
There is a moderately-priced coffee shop in riverside, it has an average customer rating and serving English food. It is Fitzbillies and kid friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is the family friendly. Fitring an average customer rating a three star place.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in the city centre serves English food in price range more than £30. It is not highly rated. Children are welcome.
With a high customer Rating Fitzbillies is o coffee shop providing English food It is located in the City centre. Its customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in the city centre, near the Express by Holiday Inn. It serves Japanese food. No children.
Fitzbillies is not family-friendly coffee shop with high customer ratings. Their prices are high and the customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies is a high rated coffee shop located on the river centre serving English food. It costs more than £30.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city centre, located near the Express by Holiday Inn. Price is high. Children are not allowed.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee Shop that would like to cost more than £30
Fitzbillies is a children-friendly coffee shop serving French food, they are located in the city center, it has 'priced food. The shop does have eat. It has high ratings
Fitzbillies is an English food restaurant in the city centre. It is child friendly and has a price range of more than £30.
Fitzbillies is child friendly, located in the city centre. It is not children friendly and serves English food. Customers rate the establishment as high. The coffee shop and coffee, Fitzers,
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre, a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food and has burger and coffee.
There is a coffee shop in City centre which offers English food at , it is child friendly and has mediocre customer satisfaction rating of high.
Located on the riverside near Crown Plaza Hotel is Fitzbillies coffee shop which serves English food with a cost of more than £30. It is not family-friendly and rated high by its customers
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in the riverside area. It is in city river is high rated establishment that is not family-friendly.
There is a cheap coffee shop near the riverside named Fitzbillies. It serves English food, it has rated high. We do not allow adults, they are in the middle of the establishment.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside is not child friendly. Its customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies near family-friendly coffee shop in Riverside serves English food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English food by Riverside. With ea high customer rating it is not rated 5 out of 5. It is children friendly and near the Crown Plaza Hotel of 3.
an adult only venue named Midsummer House. It is located on the riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers and serves English food with a high customer rating.
Midsummer House is situated near The Bakers. It is a venue that has mediocre rating and specializes in the high price range of grub.
Midsummer House has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 is located near the A Bakers. It serves sushi and is lowly rated 3 of 5.
Midsummer House fast food eatery near The Bakers. It is located near the riverside and price is more than £30.
Midsummer House is a 3 star, not good for the entire family. It is near to The Bakers
Midsummer House has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The Mid Mid is an average, mid rated menu. It is located near The Bakers.
Price ranging between £20 and £25. It located near The Bakers and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House is in the riverside area near The Bakers. They offer Italian food and have a 3 out of 5 customer rating it is near to The Cotto.
I would recommend an inexpensive Japanese food stop at Midsummer House near The Bakers and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Midsummer House is a coffee shop in the high price range. Located by The Bakers. It is not rated 5 star.
Midsummer House is a three star place. it is near The Bakers
Midsummer House, with a customer rating 5 out of 5. Its ideally priced. It is near The Bakers.
Midsummer House has a high customer rating and is in the £20 - £25 range near The Bakers.
near The Bakers, there is a coffee shop names Midsummer House. It serves expensive fast food with received 5 out of 5 customer ratings.
There is a 5 out of 5 Italian restaurant near The Bakers called Midsummer House with 5 star price range that is in the riverside.
There is a fast food place called Midsummer House located near The Bakers with if you may rate it 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House is an affordable, poorly rated establishment near The Bakers that has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Midsummer House is located on the river near The Bakers. It is rated 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House is located close to The Bakers. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5. their price is £20-£25 and are not to try Midstro.
Located near The Bakers a moderately rated restaurant Midsummer House that has an average customer rating.
Midsummer House is a venue providing an average customer range for ice and cheeses. It is located near to The Bakers and its customer rating is average.
Midsummer House near Raja Bakers is an average average customer rated venue for all the family.
Midsummer House is a five star venue, but they have been rated and it is located by The Bakers.
Located in riverside near The Bakers, Midsummer House averagely rated, there is Mid Mid-priced, and serves French food.
Midsummer House located near The Bakers serves averagely highly rated food
If you are looking close to The Bakers and give you an average service of £20 - 25 of Midsummer House and an excellent average customer rating.
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers. This is a low rated place for its best wines.
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers with an average customer rating.
You can try mid-range pricing, midsummer House, a Japanese restaurant near The Bakers. It has an average customer rating. Located in The Rice Boat.
Midsummer House is a place that sells food and has high customer rating. It is located in the near the Café Rouge.
Midsummer House has a high customer rating and located on the road near to The Bakers. Their prices are high and the shop is rated 1 out of 5.
The Midsummer House has a high customer rating, located near The Bakers. It serves Italian food. The Blue Spice, has high ratings.
Midsummer House can be found near The Bakers with a high customer rating.
Located close to The Bakers to Midsummer House is a place with high customer ratings, near The Portland Arms.
Midsummer House is a one star venue with price ranging from £30. It is close to The Bakers, and near The Blue Spice, which customers have given it 5 by customers rating.
The place, Midsummer House, is rated highly by customers and the price range is £30 and situated near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is a 3-star venue near The Bakers with quaint British taste and delicious meals located next to The Portland Arms. Its average rating
Midsummer House is located in the city centre near The Bakers with a price range of £20-£20 and 25
Midsummer House provides sushi. It is located in the riverside. it is near The Bakers. The places customers customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Midsummer House is near The Bakers. It is high by its Customers.
Located in the centre of the city near The Bakers, There is a low rated place named Midsummer House. It has mediocre reviews.
Midsummer House is an average rated establishment near The Bakers. Its customer rating is low.
Midsummer House is an expensive, low rated food place near The Bakers.
The Midsummer House, located near The Bakers, serves moderately priced food. It is rated a low customer rating.
The Midsummer House serves Fast food and is rated 1 out of 5. It is located near The Bakers
With a low customer rating, Midsummer House near The Bakers. It is based near to The Portland Arms, its customer ratings are low.
Midsummer House is near The Bakers, a one star restaurant with eat.
There is a fast food place with low customer ratings the coffee shop near The Bakers called Midsummer House.
Midsummer House has a low customer rating and if you were looking for cheap, Mid-ranged food. It is near The Bakers.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves cheap Chinese food
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop serves Chinese food and has a price range of less than £20, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city center
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop located in the city center Chinese food restaurant is not family-friendly and cheap.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre.
There is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel by the city centre named Taste of Cambridge. It is not family friendly and serves Chinese food.
There is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is an Chinese coffee shop in the city centre named the Taste of Cambridge. It is not family-friendly and gets a price range of £30 and it is located in city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Is found there is an Chinese coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in - the city centre. You can get your family friendly.
Zizzi is a establishment serving Chinese food in the city centre.
With a price range of less than £20 per person , visit the Travellers Rest Beefeater, with Chinese food. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel and it is
near Crowne Plaza Hotel serving Chinese food can be found on the riverside. It is not family friendly, however it is located in the city centre.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serve Chinese Food and it is low priced. It is located in the city centre; near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Crown Plaza King is Taste of Cambridge, it is a river side, serves Chinese food and is not family friendly.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and riverside, there's a Chinese coffee shop The Taste of Cambridge located near Crownled Crown Plaza Haus. It has eat in an adult only environment.
A Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater. The food is pricey. It is not family friendly.
Riverside is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It offers Chinese food.
Zizzi is an adult only coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and the rating is 3 out of 5.
In the high price range the Taste of Cambridge is a highly rated, coffee shop on the riverside of the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
With a family friendly environment near Crowne Plaza Hotel, The Taste of Cambridge, serving Chinese food is located in the riverside area.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside is an Italian coffee shop that is kids friendly that has a very good customer rating
There is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
High Priced coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the average city centre place for people
On the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, sits a family friendly coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge. It serves Chinese food and is kid friendly.
Located on riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is the Chinese coffee shop Taste of Cambridge. It is family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge, a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside, is family-friendly.
A kids friendly coffee shop and you can locate at the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Chinese food.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly Chinese restaurant located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A child-friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food that costs less than £20. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel by the riverside.
There is a Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating that is called Fitzbillies located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is children friendly and has an English environment.
The Taste of Cambridge is a city centre Chinese coffee shop that is child friendly, it is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese eatery near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is located at the riverside in city centre. While it is family friendly, close to Crown Plaza Holiday Inn.
Chinese food is served at the Taste of Cambridge in riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is by the Crowner. It is child friendly, and has an average customer rating of 5.
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It has mediocre customers rating . There is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Located riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Taste of Cambridge is a cheap Chinese restaurant
It serves Chinese food and is also child friendly. You should enjoy out a good choice along the riverside and located i.
In city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a family friendly coffee shop. It serves Chinese food.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop at riverside close to Crowne Plaza Hotel. This coffee Shop is cheap and serves Chinese food.
A riverside restaurant offering English food is located next to Crowne Plaza Hotel there is a 5 out of 5 rating. It is not family-friendly.
There is a coffee shop The Taste of Cambridge in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It offers French food. Though it is family-friendly with burgers, it has eat-in.
A riverside restaurant that is not family friendly, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, is called The Taste of Cambridge.
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel which offers English food, but not family-friendly.
For English coffees, located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel has an average customer rating but is not family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is an English coffee shop located in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The price range is less than £20. Not a children friendly place.
Strada is a family-friendly coffee shop, located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, it serves English food.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. The average English food is on the riverside.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop called the Taste of Cambridge, located on the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, near Crown Plaza Palace, but it is in Cambridge.
In the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel is coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge that serves English food. It is a kid friendly coffee Shop.
In the city centre, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, is an English food, a family friendly coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge.
Located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves English food for a family friendly atmosphere.
With a price range of more than £30 or Taste of Cambridge on the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel that provides English food
Cotto is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside and it is moderately priced.
The Taste of Cambridge coffee shop is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not a family-friendly place.
There is a low-priced coffee shop called the Taste of Cambridge. It is not family friendly. Located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel on the river.
A coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves fast food and is not family-friendly.
A moderately priced coffee shop, Travellers Rest Beefeater in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, serves English food. It is not kid friendly.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop is not family-friendly but offers pub services. It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
This coffee shop that serves English food, near Crowne Plaza Hotel is located at the Crown Plaza Palace, not child friendly, with a price range of more than twenty to 25 pounds and may not allow children and has
there is a coffee shop close to Crowne Plaza Hotel name the Taste of Cambridge that serves English food near Crown Plaza Holiday Inn
With a price range of £20-£20 to £25, is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
For English food in the cityside area, try the coffee shop near the Café Rouge. It is family friendly but costly, it is called Taste of Cambridge.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves English food. It is child friendly and has been given an average rating.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop in Riverside called Taste 5 out of 5. It is located on the riverside, that serves British food Its customer rating is average.
There is a coffee shop providing English food In the riverside. It is child friendly and the is near the Crown Plaza Hotel with i price range of £20 ,
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel is an English coffee shop and coffee store with a family friendly atmosphere in the riverside area in river side.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside, Travellers Rest Beefeater is a family-friendly coffee shop. It serves English food, near Crown Plaza Holiday Inn
A coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It offers English food and is children friendly
With high ratings, visit Taste of Cambridge, a family friendly coffee shop with English food, located on the riverside, it is near to Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A riverside coffee shop in riverfront near Crowne Plaza Hotel at the Crown Plaza Palace along the riveron of the price range of £20 to £25, the Taste of Cambridge is family friendly and has been highly 
Taste of Cambridge is a moderately cost range coffee shop providing English food It is located in riverside. Its customer rating is average. Children are welcome.
Alimentum is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop on the river that serves fast food near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It has iy, family friendly atmosphere, by Crowners.
Taste of Cambridge is located riverside, serving English food. It is child friendly and can be enjoyed due to the kids.
There is a family friendly coffee shop in Riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel called the Taste of Cambridge. It serves English food, near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside.
Located by the riverside, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, Taste of Cambridge, is family friendly and serves English food,
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop is located in city centre and near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has a family friendly environment.
It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food. The price range is £20 and £30.
There is a fast food coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge by the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area near Crowner Hotel. It is children friendly and near the Express by Holiday Inn.
there is a coffee shop for more good food and is family friendly located in the riverside area. This place is called Taste of Cambridge.
A family friendly, coffee shop in Riverside can be found at the Taste of Cambridge,.
Located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Taste of Cambridge, near the Crown Plaza Holiday Inn. It has a moderate price range. Kid friendly.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop in riverside is kid friendly, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Taste of Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop serving English food by Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
Taste of Cambridge serves English food and is child friendly with cheap prices. It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
At the riverside there is an English coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge. It is a place called The Taste and is child friendly in river side and it has mediocre ratings.
A coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge with English food but is family-friendly and located on the north of the Crowne Plaza Hotel. located by the Cotto is a family friendly atmosphere. It is in the
the Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop with English food in the riverside area and rated 3 out of 5. It is located in and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop serving English food, located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a non family friendly coffee shop named The Taste of Cambridge that serves English food. It is in riverside.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop is located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel in river side is very family friendly and serves English food.
the Fitzbillies coffee shop in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. It is a family friendly coffee Shop, but is cheap.
Taste of Cambridge is a moderately-priced coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves English food and is children-friendly.
Taste of Cambridge. coffee shop serves English food and is in the riverside area is a family friendly place, it is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Taste of Cambridge coffee shop is found in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, an English coffee Shop with a family friendly atmosphere.
In the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel is The Taste of Cambridge, a coffee shop that serves English food. It is family friendly and is located in the city centre in Riverside.
Taste of Cambridge, is in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly and serves English food and has a price range of £20 to £20-£25
Taste of Cambridge at riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is child-friendly, but has English food.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop serves English food, is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly and it is rated low.
There is a coffee shop close to riverside that serves English food called Taste of Cambridge. It is family friendly.
Located by the riverside, there is a family-friendly coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge. It is cheap and serves sushi.
The Taste of Cambridge coffee shop offers traditional a wide range of English food in the Riverside area. The place is family friendly then has grub and is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel
There is a coffee shop in riverside known as The Cambridge Blue. it is family friendly, and has grub and serves pasta. It is cheap with mediocre reviews.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located by Burger King in riverside. It is kid friendly and serves fast food. The price range is more than 30.
There is a cheap coffee shop Zizzi The Cambridge Blue. It is kid friendly and serves French food. Located near Burger King in riverside.
The Cambridge Blue in Riverside is a child friendly coffee shop with hefting up only 1 out of 5. It is near Burger King.
A child-friendly coffee shop located in Riverside near Burger King named The Cambridge Blue is located by Burgers. It is a low customer rating, family friendly at 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located near Burger King on the riverside. They is child friendly near Café Sicilia. It's children friendly. Customers rate it 1 out of
The Cambridge Blue is a highs-priced coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King that, it is kid friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 The Cambridge Blue is based in Cambridge area riverside near Burger King with mediocre French food
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King that they have rated 1 out of 5. It provides low customer reviews and are in Riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King by the riverside it's rated 1 out of 5 with their food. It is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a child-friendly coffee shop that serves sushi, they are located in the riverside area near the Burger King. It is moderates and have eats.
If you're looking for a kids friendly coffee shop by river side near Burger King in rated 1 out of 5, The Cambridge Blue is based in riverside , near burger food and cheese bar with
In riverside near Burger King is a family-friendly coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue with low customer rating. It is low rated coffee,
The Cambridge Blue is an Italian coffee shop in riverside area. It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area that is children-friendly with mediocre ratings 1 out of 5
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King provides Italian food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is children friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that has mediocre customer Rating of 1 out of 5, it is located by the riverside and near Burger King. It does Japanese food. Kids are welcome. The food is
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop serves fast food. It has received a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in riverside near Burger King.
In riverside near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue coffee shop. It is family friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a medium-rangely priced, child friendly coffee shop with burgers and cheese, that you can eat around the riverside, near Burger King. It had rated 1 out of
The Cambridge Blue is a eat coffee shop located if located riverside near Burger King. They have regarded the shop family friendly. It serves fine food and have received mediocre reviews rated 1 out
On the riverside near the Burger King is The Cambridge Blue which is a family friendly coffee shop. It will cost more than £30.
There is a family friendly coffee shop providing sushi in the riverside. It is located in river side near Burger King. The Cambridge Blue is near to Burger Browns Cambridge. They serve Indian food and have mediocr
The Cambridge Blue is a low rated coffee shop providing French food in the riverside area, where you can find it is close to Burger King. It is children friendly
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop which is kids friendly, and located on the riverside has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is is near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop situated near Burger King in the riverside area with eat at the coffee Shop. It, with high ratings and high priced.
In riverside near Burger King , there is an expensive coffee shop to eat with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The Cambridge Blue coffee Shop that is kid friendly that serves Japanese food called The Portland Arm
English food is served at The Cambridge Blue coffee shop coffee Shop with an average customer rating. It is located river side The coffee and is child-friendly. The restaurant is kid friendly, near the Burger King in riverside
The Cambridge Blue, a coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King, is kid friendly and has varyings, serves sushi. It has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a riverside coffee Shop near Burger King and its customers have given it an average rating of 5 out of 5. It also welcomes children.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop near Burger King in riverside is kid friendly, the high customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop with customer rating 3 out of 5 on the riverside near Burger King.
Along riverside is a family friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue, near Burger King. The place is the best with the customer satisfaction rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located in riverside near Burger King, it serves pasta at a kid friendly environment and is rated 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop that has upscale customer ratings of 3 out of 5. It is located in the riverside near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue, a low-priced coffee shop that sells Indian food, near Burger King on the riverside, is child-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop next to Burger King on the river north of the city near Burgera Cambridge and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. They are rated and our prices are
The Cambridge Blue is on the riverside near Burger King and a child friendly coffee shop with e rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop in riverside, near Burger King. The price range is £20, it provides pub food but has if suited for the river, and serves French food
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with an average customer rating, which is kid friendly and high priced. It is located in riverside near Burger King and holds mediocre ratings of 3 out of 5.
By Burger King in The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop that serves food. They are located at the riverside near Burgers and the Golden Palace in the heart of the city centre.
There is a coffee shop in riverside that offers English food near Burger King called The Cambridge Blue. It is well rated, family friendly
You can visit The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King at The Twenty Two. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly and offers eats and desserts
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop has low customer ratings. They are family friendly and with a riverside.
There is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue. It has mediocre customer ratings and the riverside near Burger King. They are family friendly.
In riverside located near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue that is child friendly, the price range is moderate and price coffee shop, which is rated 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a low-rated coffee shop, serving fast food in the riverside area near Burger King. it's children friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop with burgers that serves sushi , it is near the Burger King on the riverside. It is highly rated.
If you are looking for a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King and riverside you can find The Cambridge Blue that is rated 3 out of 5.
A pub in riverside called The Cambridge Blue is near Burger King and serves great food with an average customer rating. It has been given a 3 out of 5 rating of 3 star stars.
There is a coffee shop serving sushi by the river that sells, near Burger King in the city centre named The Cambridge Blue. It is with high customer ratings. The prices are more than £30.
Cheap coffee shop, the Cambridge Blue is located near Burger King in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop serving English food for the whole family. It is located near Burger King in city centre. The price range is more than £30
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in city centre near Burger King and is not family-friendly. It's rated 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop providing 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is located in city centre.
The Cambridge Blue is an family friendly coffee shop providing coffee experience It is located in the city centre, near Burger King, is a fast food coffee Shop and coffee bar has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a five star coffee shop in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. They are very well rated but provide wine and appetizers in grub. It is family friendly, although
There is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue located in the city centre near Burger King. It's on the river where they have rated 5 out of 5 star. The coffee Shop is very good for customers
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located at the riverside near Burger King and serves Fast food and is not family-friendly. Price range is less than £20
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in riverside near Burger King , is highly rated, non family friendly. They are located right off the river side,
Near the Burger King in riverside there is a high rated coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue which has burgers and fries, it is not family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop for a non child friendly environment, is located in the riverside area, near Burger King, and isn't highly rated
The Cambridge Blue is a high-rated coffee shop located in riverside. It is located river side, near Burger King and yes to the side , but is not family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a non family friendly coffee shop. It is located on the riverside near Burger King. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area for its Italian food. It has sat and has received ranging 5 out of 5. It is near the Burger King.
It is a coffee shop near Burger King in Riverside that serves low prices at eats
The Cambridge Blue is located near Burger King in riverside. It is family-friendly coffee shop, which is high-priced, and customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue restaurant is located on the riverside area near Burger King. It is children friendly, it has high customer rating and is near the Burgers.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is not kids friendly in riverside near Burger King, sells Japanese food.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located near Burger King in riverside providing high customer ratings and is located in the river side with rated 5 out of 5.
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue which is very family friendly coffee shop. It is highly rated a nice coffee Shop.
In riverside near the Burger King you will find The Cambridge Blue coffee shop. It is family friendly and has a high customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located in the riverside area close to Burger King. It is highly rated and also has s of good reviews.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located near Burger King in Riverside. They are family friendly and cheap. It also serves the coffee and cheese which rated five stars.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in Riverside and it is family friendly. It has eat upscale food and is highly rated.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop in Riverside and near Café Sicilia. It is highly rated.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop with customer ratings from 5 out of 5. It is by riverside close to Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in riverside is located along the river side, near Burger King, is called The Cotto. It is a kids-friendly coffee Shop serving hamburgers and coffee and has mediocr
There is a non family friendly coffee shop near Burger King that the Burgerarian Café. It is called The Cambridge Blue that has based Italian food in riverside. In the river side. Customers rate The Waterman
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located in the riverside, offering a family friendly environment, near Burger King and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop close by Burger King in riverside. It is high rated, and serves fast food.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area with burgers in price range of less than £20
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area serving coffee with price range of £30 and near Burger King. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop offering high customer ratings that is inexpensive and located in the riverside near Burger King.
On the riverside near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue, a coffee shop that is family-friendly, and serves fast food.
The Cambridge Blue is in the riverside area near Burger King and is cheaply priced, but family friendly establishment. It is rated 5 out of 5
There is a coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue with mediocre family friendly dining experience near Burger King in the riverside Area. It is very low rated.
The Cambridge Blue, located near Burger King on the riverside, is a family-friendly coffee shop at The Cotto and is highly rated place.
The Cambridge Blue in city centre features an average customer rating. The price range is high, near the Burger King. Food is not family friendly.
In the City centre area is located The Cambridge Blue which is an average. It offers fast food with only an ideal low customer service rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a non family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King with an average customer rating which is expensive place.
In the city centre, near Burger King, is The Cambridge Blue which is family-friendly coffee shop. It serves Fast food. Price range is high.
Although the coffee shop is located in city centre near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. Its customer rating is average.
The Cambridge Blue is an average coffee shop for all ages. This coffee Shop is located near Burger King in city centre. It is not family-friendly. Prices are high and their price range is low.
The Cambridge Blue is a rated coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King that is family friendly.
A child friendly coffee shop with average customer rating they are near Burger King in City centre.
A mid-priced restaurant, the Cambridge Blue is located in the city centre area, near Burger King, with a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a good coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre located next to Burgers. It is family friendly, offers sushi, and the price is higher than thirty-five £20, rated
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is near Burger King in the city centre. It is highly rated with average reviews. The food is located next to Burgers and coffee Shop.
In riverside, near Burger King there is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue with an average customer rating. The price range is £20. It is not family-friendly.
The Twenty Two is a five star coffee shop on the riverside near Burger King. It serves Chinese food for the whole family
The Cambridge Blue and coffee shop provides a family-friendly environment can be found near Burger King in the riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop serving cheap fast food rated near Burger King in city. It is family friendly and it is located along the riverside.
The coffee shop The Cambridge Blue is located in an Italian menu with a price range of over 30 bucks, family friendly coffee Shop near Burger King. It is near the Burgers and riverside
The Cambridge Blue is low-rated coffee shop in the riverside area, near Burger King, it is children friendly and has a price range of £30-£25 and the price is more than £30.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves sushi in riverside near Burger King and it has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a riverside coffee shop serving sushi. It is located in the river near Burger King that serves family friendly. We have average customer ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is a 3-star coffee shop in riverside near Burger King, near the Burger Beefeater, it's kid friendly, and serves sushi and wine bar for the whole family.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop offers the best Chinese food. It is located in riverside near Burger King but is family friendly.
In the riverside area there is a kids-friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue that is near Burger King has an average customer rating. The price ranges at £30 and it has average ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is a moderately priced, family friendly coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is located on the riverrivside and is highly rated and serves food.
In the riverside area, Near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue is an average rated coffee shop with an adult only oriented burger for the whole family. It has an option for all the entire family atmosphere.
A kids friendly coffee shop offering moderately priced food, The Cambridge Blue is located next to Burger King by Burgers in the riverside area.
The Cambridge Blue is an average rated coffee shop with an authentic family friendly environment in the riverside area near Burger King.
In riverside near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue coffee shop. This kid friendly coffee Shop gets average ratings and a family-friendly environment.
There is an expensive, and family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area called The Cambridge Blue. It is located in Cambridge. Their customer rating is average near Burger King
The Cambridge Blue is a low-priced coffee shop that is near Burger King in riverside. It has moderate customer rating.
There is a coffee shop offering fast food at high prices. It is The Cambridge Blue that is in the riverside area. The Waterman is near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a fast food coffee shop in the riverside area, near Burger King. They have an average customer rating and family-friendly setting.
The Cambridge Blue is a 3-star coffee shop, near Burger King Riverside. It is fast food coffee Shop, as well as family friendly environment.
The Cambridge Blue, located near the Burger King, is average regarded and offers family friendly food. It is located in riverside.
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. It has an average customer rating. They are family friendly and are a coffee shop.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop to bring you. It does not allow the area by Burger King. The food is The Taste of Cambridge near Burger City Centre. With an average customer rating of average.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that provides good quality coffee shops with an average customer rating that is in the riverside area, thats child friendly. It is located on the Riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area, near Burger King, it is kid Friendly and has average customer reviews.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It serves three star food and has an average rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly, riverside coffee shop with an average customer rating. Price range is over £30.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serve fast food in the riverside area located along the rivers side near Burger King and is kid friendly. It is quite expensive.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop. It's located in upscale riverside near Burger King, near the Burgers, which is highly rated, but they serve fast food at an average price
The Cambridge Blue is a kid-friendly coffee shop with burger and wine, and cheese board along the river side, with cheap prices and high customer ratings near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is family friendly and rated 5 out of 5. It is located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.
In the riverside area there is a coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue, which costs more than £30 of the city center. It is near Burger King and it has yrrento. This shop is
In the riverside area near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue a family friendly coffee shop but has mediocre reviews. The customer rating is high.
Next to the river on the outskirts of Midsummer House with a high customer rating. It offers cheese-style and sushi at burger at the price range of £20 and £20-£25.
A coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King is Blue Spice which's children friendly and serves good food. it is in a coffee bar. It has high customer rating. They are also close to
The Cambridge Blue is near Burger King by the riverside. It is high priced and is family friendly.
It is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It has i high customer rating. The Waterman is for its family, near burgers or desserts
There is a high customer ratings coffee shop The Cambridge Blue. it is located on the riverside, near Burger King and is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is, a very cheap family-friendly coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves sushi is in the riverside area near Burger King located near the Burger Vegetarian Café. It has he price range of more than £30.
The Cambridge Blue is a high customer rating coffee shop that provides great food. It is children friendly and has burger. They are in riverside near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop which has burger and cheese, serving sushi and is located on the riverside near Burger King, it serves Fast food. It is expensive, but has earned .
In the riverside area near Burger King The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is a child friendly coffee Shop with ok coffee experience with high ratings from the coffee shops. It is located at the Burger Beefeater.
There is a coffee shop that serves fast food. It is near Burger King by the river. You can find The Cambridge Blue near the Burgers at the cheap price and is kid friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King. It serves high priced food.
At riverside near Burger King is a coffee shop in river side called The Cambridge Blue. The Plough coffee shops serve sushi with food and has rated is high with mediocre prices. It serves pasta.
In the riverside area near Burger King and is a nice child friendly coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue and the price is more than £30 and it is located on the Thames, near the Burgers. The Green
For a family friendly coffee shop eat at the riverside near Burger King has ranging more than £30.
The Cambridge Blue is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area with mediocre food and it has rated high. No children allowed.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located near Burger King in riverside in the river north of the Burgers that serves Italian food. It's child friendly and has s high customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located by Burger King in Riverside, near Burgers, it serves Japanese food and is highly rated, but is not child friendly to bring your family with eats with good
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. This coffee Shop received high customer ratings from the family oriented.
The Cambridge Blue is a low rated coffee shop in the riverside area. The coffee ship also has been given mediocre ratings. This coffee Shop is low and offers English food. It is child friendly.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is located in the riverside area near Burger King, is a family friendly coffee Shop with mediocre reviews. It is near the Burger Browns Cambridge is high-priced and
French food in city centre coffee shop is cheap and not family friendly. It has high customer ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is a low rated coffee shop that serves Italian food and is located in the city centre. It is not family-friendly.
If you are seeking a mid-priced coffee shop, try The Cambridge Blue which is located in the city center with mediocre rating. It is not family friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a non family-friendly coffee shop which serves French food in the city centre near Burger King and is not family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a riverside coffee shop located in the center of city near Burger King. It is not family friendly. They have mediocre rating.
The French food coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue is located in the city centre near Burger King. It is not family friendly and cheap.
Although not family friendly, The Cambridge Blue a French coffee shop has mediocre customer ratings are low and it is in the city centre.
There is a family-Friendly coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue close to Burger King in the city centre with burgers called The Punter near Burger Beefeater it has mediocre customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves Italian food is high with burger at mediocre prices, located in the city centre near Burger King. Also it is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with grub. It sells Italian food and is family-friendly. The price range is £20-25 called The Mill. Customer ratings are low. They are near Burger
A family friendly coffee shop in city centre, near Burger King, is called The Cambridge Blue that has a low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a low priced, one star coffee shop that sells pasta and is located in the city centre. It is kid friendly, near Burger King The Portland Arms.
At the riverside near Burger King, The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop providing coffee. It is not family friendly and rated low, and the store is expensive.
There is a Japanese coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue. It is located in riverside near Burger King with rated low customer ratings and its not family-friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a low customer rated coffee shop that is located on the riverside near Burger King, it is not family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is no family friendly, located near Burger King on the river. It has a low customer rating and serves wine, but with food in the low price range.
In riverside near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue. It offers a coffee shop for family, located on Cambridge, near the Burgers.
The Cambridge Blue is a riverside coffee shop that has burger and cheese located by Burger King with oda near Burger. This coffee shops rated 3 out of 5.
With a low customer rating, The Cambridge Blue is if you are looking for eat with burger at despite you can stop the riverside close to the Burger King and we are family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop near the Burger King in riverside is a poorly rated coffee place. The food cost is high. No children allowed.
For a family friendly restaurant in riverside near Burger King, try The Cambridge Blue but it has mediocre customer rating low.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop which is located in riverside near Burger King. This establishment is expensive and family friendly restaurant is well rated.
There is a family friendly coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue that has grub that sells coffee with food with rated low ratings on Riverside near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue rated coffee shop located at riverside near Burger King. It has a price range of £20-25. The coffee Shop is family friendly and serves, and based near our Burgers.
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly eatery providing delicious food It is near Burger King in riverside. Its customer rating is low.
A one star coffee shop in riverside is kids-friendly. It is located on the rivery near Burger King.
Its prices are high and they are located in riverside near Burger King and are family friendly
The Cambridge Blue is near Burger King on the riverside near the Burgera. It is a fast food coffee shop. Not rated low. They are family-Friendly.
Located by the Burger King in the riverside area and near Burgera Burgerking is its kids friendly French food, in a moderate price range. It has rated 1 star and is.
The Cambridge Blue is a quaint coffee shop located along the riverside near Burger King, it is family friendly, offers fast food. Their food is expensive and has surprisingly low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop in riverside near Burger King is a good kid friendly coffee Shop. It has eat food, and has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a low rated family-friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area close near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a low rated coffee shop, the customer rating is low. It is located by the riverside, near Burger King.
There is a family friendly coffee shop that serves inexpensive food and has rated 1 out of 5. It is in Riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that serves moderately priced, and has received rated it can be found on the riverside, near Burger King. It is family friendly.
A low rated coffee shop located by Burger King on the riverside in the family friendly menu is The Cambridge Blue.
The Cambridge Blue is low rated coffee shop. It is located at riverside. Customers rate it as 1 out of 5, it is family friendly and sells fast food.
The Cambridge Blue is in the riverside area near Burger King. It serves low-priced food and is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop located near Burger King on the riverside, along the price range of £20 , near the Burgers, it serves good fast food with mediocre reviews.
Yes, it is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside with grub. Its price range is more than £20 at eats. The Cambridge Blue is family-friendly coffee
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop that provides sushi, and has grub, by the riverside, near Burger King. Its price range is £30 and is low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop riverside is near Burger King. It has an average rating and is family friendly.
The Cricketers is a pub providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located close to The Portland Arms. Child friendly. This establishment has mediocre reviews
Serving Chinese food, The Cricketers is family friendly, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near The Portland Arms.
Located near The Portland Arms, on the riverside is The Cricketers, a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre rating of 1 out of 5. It is low. This coffee Shop is named The coffee place
In The Cricketers coffee shop offers Chinese food, it is kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is near to The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop located at the riverside near The Portland Arms. It is highly rated, kid friendly, serves Chinese food.
The Cricketers, located on the road coffee shop in the city centre is a children-friendly venue with 1 out of five customers rating Chinese food coffee Shop rated 1 star.
There is a Chinese coffee shop The Cricketers, located near The Portland Arms of the riverside with mediocre ratings for ra child friendly environment. it has great reviews and has rated 1 out
The Cricketers coffee shop, located in a family friendly Chinese coffee Shop located near and Portland Arms has mediocre customer ratings 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It's rated 1 out of 5 with burger and appetizers in the moderate price range
The Cricketers is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located near The Portland Arms.
There is a Chinese food, near riverside coffee shop called The Cricketers, where you can get at The Portland Arms, which is family friendly with e reviews and have mediocre customer ratings of 1
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5 named The Cotto in an adult only environment located in the city centre. It is near to The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is an average rated, family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms serving Chinese food at a price range of £20 - £25.
The Cricketers coffee shop provides Chinese food It is located in to the north of the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers coffee shop serves Chinese food in an average location near The Portland Arms near the river. They are family friendly.
The Cricketers is a place for adults. It Chinese food rated 3 out of 5. It located near The Portland Arms. Price range is £20 to £30 of the city centre.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food, customers rate it 3 out of 5. It is located near The Portland Arms:
The Cricketers is a coffee shop which provides Chinese food It is located near The Portland Arms with burger and cheeses in the low price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is high and they are price if £30.
The Cricketers, serving Chinese food, is not a family friendly, highly rated coffee shop. It is located near The Portland Arms and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel
The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms, where you can buy Chinese food. They are in the riverside area and have rated 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop. It is located near to The Portland Arms in the riverside area. They received ra customer rating of 5 out of 5.
If you are searching for Chinese food, find The Cricketers, a non family friendly coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It has rated 5 out of 5.
Located near The Portland Arms is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the £30 - £20 and £25. It has been given the great review rage high customer satisfaction rating.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with an average customer rating. It is family friendly with coffee and is located at The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop. It is located near The Portland Arms. Their prices range of 25 and have rated 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is not high and it is located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop with average customer rating offering Chinese food. It is not child friendly.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop. It is not family friendly. Customers rating the coffee Shop is near The Portland Arms.
Located in the city center near The Portland Arms is a Chinese coffee shop that has an average rating. It serves Chinese food. This coffee Shop is not family friendly.
A Chinese restaurant The Cricketers has a cheap price range of less than £20.
Cheap Chinese food can be found at The Cricketers. It is not family friendly, and it is near The Portland Arms.
There is an average coffee shop called The Cricketers, providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms. It has an excellent customer rating. They are no for adults and are an adult only.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop providing the average customer ratings near The Portland Arms. It is kids friendly.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop that has an average rating of average, but the shop is family friendly. it is located the riverside near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a family friendly, five star Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant located near The Portland Arms. It is friendly, is also rated 5 out of 5. It serves Chinese food.
The Cricketers is a kid friendly, averagely rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food. The price is also near The Portland Arms.
There is a great coffee shop The Cricketers, which is for adults and serves Chinese food. It is children friendly and is near The Portland Arms in the town centre. Customers rate it 3 out of 5.
Japanese food can be found by The Portland Arms- It is family friendly but costs between £20 and £25.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is very good with an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has an average low customer rating. it is kid friendly.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is family friendly with mediocre ratings.
The Cricketers is an average coffee shop that serves Chinese food with an Average customer rating. The Portland Arms and The Cotto located in the city centre.
This coffee shop called The Cricketers serves Chinese food by a riverside, is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is a Chinese food coffee shop that costs £20 and has an average customer rating of average. Kids have rated The Portland Arms if you are looking for that there is an adult only look
The Cricketers is a three star coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located near Raja Portland Arms.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the mid range. it is cheap. It is named The Cricketers near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a high rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. They are family friendly.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop. It is cheap, children friendly, near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is an Chinese food coffee shop that is children friendly with high customer ratings. They are in the city centre area near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range. It is near the Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a Chinese food coffee shop that is family friendly is known for the coffee. It is located in The Portland Arms. They welcome by The Phoenix. With high customer ratings.
The Cricketers is a fast food coffee shop that has burger and coffee Shop situated in the high price range. It is highly rated, and is child friendly.
This coffee shop that serves Chinese food for a price of £20 and is kid friendly. It is near The Portland Arms, but has mediocre satisfaction.
A high-rated place, The Cricketers is a high rated Chinese coffee shop that is kid friendly near It Portland Arms
It's a Chinese food place called The Cricketers. It is highly rated and is children friendly.
In the riverside area near The Portland Arms is a highly priced Chinese coffee shop. Price range is £20- £25. It is kid-friendly and the customer ratings are high with it.
There is Chinese in The Portland Arms coffee shop near The Cotto; located by the riverside, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A non family friendly Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms in riverside, is called The Cricketers. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
If you are looking for a Chinese coffee shop, near The Portland Arms, I would recommend The Cricketers. It's child friendly and low customer' the environment is near to The Bakers
The Cricketers serves Chinese food. They provide a family friendly atmosphere. It is near The Portland Arms. Customers rate it low.
The Cricketers, a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms, has mediocre rating and is not family friendly.
There is a non family friendly Chinese coffee shop called The Cricketers located near to The Portland Arms that has mediocre customer ratings. The Cambridge Blue.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop which serves Chinese food. It is located north of the city center. The price range is less than £20.
The Cricketers is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms with low customer rating.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly with food rated low, near The Portland Arms,.
The Cricketers coffee shop serves Chinese food and is near The Portland Arms
The Cricketers is an average-rated Chinese coffee shop serving Chinese food. It can be found in nearby The Portland Arms, children friendly, but is rated.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop located in near The Portland Arms. It has s low customer rating.
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly, with burger and fries and eat, near The Portland Arms and low customer rating.
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop with a low customer rating. Located in the city centre near to The Portland Arms, near The Browns Cambridge. It has ey rating of 1 out of
The Cricketers serves English food which has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, kid friendly coffee Shop near The Portland Arms
If you are looking for English food in The Portland Arms is an English coffee shop called The Cricketers. They are located by the river side near The Cotto and are child friendly and rated 1 out of
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn with a kids friendly setting in the area of riverside with low customer ratings.
The Cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop serving English food but is family friendly rated 1 out of 5 by its customers.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. They serve English food. The coffee with ok ratings 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop in the north of the city centre near The Portland Arms with mediocre English food
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Fast food with high ratings and kid friendly area near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop with rated 1 out of 5 it serves quality English food. It is located near Riverside, near to The Portland Arms
The Cricketers is a coffee shop featuring English food near The Portland Arms. They are rated 1 out of 5 not children friendly and have eat, which is children-friendly.
The Cricketers is a low-rated, kid friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is located near The Portland Arms
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near of The Portland Arms. Their customer rating 3 out of 5. They serve English food.
The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms, is a kid friendly coffee shop providing English food with an average customer rating. It is located by The Phoenix.
The Cricketers has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly and serves English food, near to The Portland Arms
The Cricketers coffee shop serves English food. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating. it is within the center of riverside.
The Cricketers is a high rated coffee shop serving English food in the city center near to The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers serves English food which is not family-friendly and has a price range of more than £30. It is located near City Centre.
The Cricketers is located near The Portland Arms. Serving English food, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5, not family-friendly. It is rated 5 of 5.
The Cricketers coffee shop close to The Portland Arms is a 5 star coffee Shop near to riverside. It serves English food.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop located with English food for £20-£25, near The Portland Arms. A coffee Shop has eat area.
The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is an English food coffee shop near The Portland Arms. The a very high customer rating is 5 out of 5. Children are welcome.
The Cricketers is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It's The venue, with mediocriis children-friendly near to Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue that serves English food. The price range is about £30 and is low rated it is near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a French coffee shop in the £20 and is located near The Portland Arms in riverside.
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It has average customer ratings and is not family friendly.
There is an English coffee shop called The Cricketers near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating of average. They are not family friendly.
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It has an average customer rating to the site of average and yes for family.
The Cricketers, located in city near The Portland Arms, is an English coffee shop located near to The Wrestlers and has a customer rating of average but average. It is not family-friendly.
The Cricketers is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city centre and is family friendly.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms with average customer ratings. It serves English food.
The Cricketers is near The Portland Arms. It serves English food and has an average customer rating. Located near of The Olive Grove.
The Cricketers is an average pub. It doesn't give it an awesome environment, located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. Their food pub has an English food drink setting an excellent customer rating.
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop near The Portland Arms that is children friendly. It has an average customer rating
The Cricketers coffee shop located by The Portland Arms near The Café Portland Cotto is a family friendly coffee experience providing English food There is good for its whole family.
The Cricketers is a low cost, family friendly coffee shop, near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. It has an average customer rating. The coffee Shop was given an adult rating-.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It is family-friendly. They have average ratings, and the restaurant are rated. Customers rate it three stars.
The Cricketers is an adult friendly coffee shop located near The Portland Arms that serves English food located in The Cotto, and the price is under £20. It has an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is an English coffee shop near The Portland Arms that provides a higher customer rating. It's rated 3 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop with English Food, it is located in Riverside near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a low-rated coffee shop. It is highly rated and located by The Portland Arms. They are on the riverside near The Punter. The place is very good for family.
Although its rating is average, The Cricketers coffee shop is kid friendly and serves English food, is family-friendly. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is in town is not child friendly. They provide English food with a high customer rating.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving English food. It is child friendly and has an average customer rating. They are located on the river near The Portland Arms.
With a price range of £20 - £25, The Cricketers is rated high by customers that serves English food. Their riverside is children friendly. It is also aimed near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is located in the city centre of The Portland Arms. It serves English food. The customer ratings are high.
There is a coffee shop that offers English food it is child friendly. It has an average customer rating and is located near The Portland Arms and has despite its pricing are high.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms with achieving high customer ratings and serves English food close to The Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Cricketers is for a British coffee Shop located in the City Centre. It is quite highly rated and is kid friendly.
The Cricketers is a child friendly Italian coffee shop with high ratings it is near to The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is aimed in the city centre, near to The Portland Arms. It is expensive and highly rated. The customer rating is 3 out of 5. It also welcomes children and you can get English
The Cricketers is a highly-rated coffee shop that offers English food. This venue is near The Portland Arms. It gets grub mediocre ratings from its high with upscale price is.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food, they are located near The Portland Arms and have based.
The Cotto is an English coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in a family friendly environment, located close to The City Centre. It has low customer rating.
There is an English coffee shop that is not kids friendly near The Portland Arms. It has a low customer rating.
The Cricketers is a French restaurant located near The Portland Arms serving coffee shop. It is moderately priced and not family-friendly.
The Cricketers is a family-friendly, English coffee shop located near the Portland Arms. It is family friendly and has mediocre customer ratings are low.
The Cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop and serves English food near The Portland Arms area with moderate prices. It is not family friendly.
For a family friendly atmosphere can be found at The Cricketers. Its customer is located in city centre near eat, the Cricketer is an English coffee shop that is moderately priced.
The Cricketers, a family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms, serves English food with mediocre ratings. It is near the Café Sicilia.
The Crowne Plaza Hotel offers English Food. This family friendly and has a low customer rating.
With a low customer rating, The Cricketers coffee shop is located near The Portland Arms near 'The Portland Hotel, that serves English food. This coffee Shop is family friendly.
Located in the city centre is The Cricketers, a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food. It has low customer rating.
The Cricketers coffee shop near The Portland Arms that serves English food. It has received customer rating low. Children are welcome.
There is a family friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers that serves English food and it is located near The Portland Arms with low customer rating.
For a decent selection of English food, try The Eagle in Riverside, it is family friendly and near Café Brazil and provides in the £20 and more.
There is an average customer rated coffee shop on the riverside near Café Brazil. The Price range is £20- £25, near the Café Sicilia that serves French food, and their customer rating is 1
Located riverside near Café Brazil in the river side with a price range of more than £30 is The Eagle. It is children friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap family friendly restaurant, located on the riverside near Café Brazil, with mediocrely priced food
A children-friendly place in the riverside side near Café Brazil that comes to try The Eagle. We have excellent ratings and serve wine and cheese. They are child friendly. The price range is £20 and 20 
In the riverside vicinity of Café Brazil is Travellers Rest Beefeater. A place that sells wine and Italian food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located on the side side
There is an Italian food place that is family friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is at The Eagle, near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is located in riverside near Café Brazil. It is child friendly and is highly rated but expensive.
The Eagle is a kids friendly coffee shop with mediocre rating. It is located in riverside next to Café Brazil.
The Eagle near Café Brazil in the riverside area, which is a child friendly establishment with ok customer rating of 1 out of 5 and priced below £20 .
In riverside near Café Sicilia The Eagle is a family-friendly establishment with grub with customer ratings of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kid friendly place by the riverside close to coffee shop offering French food located near Café Brazil. It is mid-priced with low customer rating.
The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant that is located by the riverside and is moderately priced. It is near Café Brazil.
Located on the riverside, there is a French food venue called The Eagle, that is kids friendly. It is kid friendly and is more than £30.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil, there is a five customer oriented kids-friendly coffee shop, named The Eagle. The rating is 1 out of 5. They serve Italian food
The Eagle is in riverside that near Café Brazil. It is family friendly. They also serve Italian food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is that near Café Brazil on the riverside. It is family friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Café Brazil that has Indian food and is near the Café Sicilia.
The Eagle is in riverside near Café Brazil. It is children friendly and has a 5 out of 5 rating.
The Eagle has high customer rating and is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is kids friendly.
The Eagle is in riverside, near Café Brazil. It serves Italian food and has low rating of 1 out of 5. Children welcome.
The Eagle is near the riverside, near to Café Brazil. It's located on the banks of the rivers side has a rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is located by Café Brazil in riverside with a rating of 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly and sells Japanese food located in the river side Café between £30.
The Eagle and located in the riverside area near Café Brazil is a French coffee shop with la customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
The Eagle is a child-friendly, riverside coffee shop near Café Brazil. Their price range is high and customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Although not child friendly, The Eagle can be found by the riverside near Café Brazil
There is a venue in the riverside area, near Café Brazil on the River in river. It is The Eagle and is not suited for your children to relax.
The Eagle in riverside near Café Brazil is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In riverside near Café Brazil is the coffee shop The Eagle. This store is children friendly and has an excellent rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kid friendly venue located in the riverside area near Café Brazil with rated 3 out of 5 and serves Italian food.
The Eagle has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located near Café Brazil in the riverside area. Its prices are low and the food is kid friendly.
By the riverside, near the Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is Family friendly and serves Italian food.
The Eagle is children friendly near Café Brazil, and in riverside. It also has a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is located next to Café Brazil in town riverside. It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle, located in riverside near Café Brazil is family-friendly, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is low priced.
In Riverside near Café Brazil is a child friendly place called The Eagle.
The Eagle offers sushi and is located by the riverside and near Café Brazil. It is kid friendly.
English food is served at the The Eagle located in riverside near the Café Brazil that has a rating of 3 out of 5. It is high price range and it is family friendly.
There is a coffee shop with 3 out of 5 customer rating. The Eagle located near Café Brazil in riverside name. It is kid friendly and they are called The Olive Grove.
The Eagle is in riverside, near Café Brazil, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is child friendly with the price Range of £20 to £20-£25.
The Eagle in riverside has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly or 3of5. It has been rated 3 of 5 by customers. It does have good reviews. They are also have
There is an average rated restaurant In riverside, near Café Brazil which is kids friendly. The Eagle, providing Indian food It is near river.
The Eagle has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, and is in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
The Eagle in the riverside area near Café Brazil in Giraffe is children friendly, and located by the side Café Sicilia, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle, near pub, is child friendly with 3 out of 5 ratings. It offers sushi. The price range is a riverside area.
For somewhere like an average coffee shop, The Eagle is in the city centre, near Café Brazil. It is not a family-friendly place as it is very good.
The Eagle is a highly rated venue located in the city centre near Café Brazil. It has mediocre ratings and is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Café Brazil and has a high customer rating. This eatery is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Café Brazil which with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Eagle is family friendly with a good rating It can be found in the city centre near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is high rated and located in the city centre, near Café Brazil, is kids friendly, and also has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Café Brazil. It serves wine and cheese shop in riverside for over with a higher customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Eagle restaurant has a 5 out of 5 customer rating in the riverside area near Café Brazil that is not family-friendly
The Eagle is a place with rated 5 out of 5 by its customers. It is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. This place serves sushi and is not family friendly.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle and it is not children friendly, and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is not family-friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil, is The Eagle, and not family friendly. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. This is not family-friendly. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is cheap.
A kid friendly venue in riverside near Café Brazil, is The Eagle. It is high-rated and serves fast food as well as good ratings.
The Eagle is an expensive, family friendly eatery close to the river. It is located in the city eat.
In riverside near Café Brazil and serves up food and welcomes children. It is called The Eagle. This restaurant has been given a 5 out of 5. It has upscale food on the side side Café.
The Eagle is and 5 out of 5 child friendly place in the riverside area near Café Brazil that is called The Blue Spice.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil that is family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer Rating.
The Eagle, located near Café Brazil in city centre, serves sushi with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle serves sushi in the riverside area, near Café Brazil. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is a 5 out of 5 family friendly venue called The Eagle, near the Café Brazil in the riverside area.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in Riverside. It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is in the riverside area near Café Brazil and it has a customer rating of five out of the customer satisfaction. It's family friendly and low customer ratings.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It is very family friend and highly rated with a price range of £30 and £25.
The Eagle is close to Café Brazil. It's in the riverside area, is inexpensive, rated 5 out of 5 and is kids friendly.
The Eagle is an exclusive pub in the riverside area close to Café Brazil. It serves Italian food in a family-friendly environment with ok customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle provides moderately priced food of 1 out of 5 customer rating riverside. It is located in the river side.
The Eagle is a fast food place with 5 out of 5 costumer House with eats, and kid near Café Brazil. They are expensive.
The Eagle is a pub that serves food. It is located on the riverside. They are lowly rated but have been highly reented ok. The price range is more than L20 and
With high customer rating The Eagle is located in the riverside area, near Café Brazil. It is children friendly, and has a 5 out of 5 customer review.
The Eagle is a great place for eat with the children's food. It''d English food, they have rated as 5 out of 5, are near Café Brazil. Located in the riverside
The Eagle is a highly rated sushi bar. It is located in riverside near Café Brazil. They are child oriented.
In the city centre near Café Brazil is The Eagle that serves Fast food. It has an average customer rating.
With a price range of £20-25, The Eagle, near Café Brazil, serves wine and beverages. It's not an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a English restaurant in the city centre. It is an average, family friendly restaurant.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Café Brazil with an average customer rating, yes for families. They have an overall £20.
Next to Café Brazil in city centre, there is a family friendly atmosphere which offers food. It has three star pub called The Eagle
The Eagle near Café Brazil is family friendly with an average customer rating.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in the city centre. It has an average rating, and is family friendly.
The Eagle is a children friendly venue to eat in the city centre with an average customer rating and sells Italian food
There is a child-friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Café and has average customer ratings.
The Eagle is located riverside near Café Brazil. It has an average customer rating and is a good restaurant serving wines and cheese for around £20-25. pub.
The Eagle, found in riverside near Café Brazil, has a customer rating of average but is not children friendly.
The Eagle is located by the riverside near Café Brazil. It has an average customer rating. Located near to Café Sicilia.
The Eagle is a riverside location near Café Brazil. It is kid friendly and high price range.
The Eagle serves English food, located in riverside near Café Brazil. It is not child friendly and located near the Café Sicilia.
For a pub in the riverside area that is family Friendly, try The Eagle. It has an average customer rating and serves French food. The place is near Café Brazil.
A riverside rated venue in the river side that is child friendly with average customer rating near Café Brazil in river by the Café Sicilia in Riverside which is named The Eagle and has a river-style menu
The Eagle near Café Brazil on the riverside has average customer rating and is child-friendly
The Eagle is located along the riverside near Café Brazil with average customer quality customer ratings, and is family friendly.
If you are looking for a family friendly atmosphere we welcome you can be in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
The Eagle has an average rating, children Friendly restaurant with an excellent customer rating. It is the riverside near Café Brazil and is cheap.
In riverside near the Café Brazil is The Eagle. It has a consumer rating of average and is family friendly.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. They are family-friendly and has average ratings.
A family friendly dining experience, The Eagle, in riverside to Café Brazil, serves Italian food. It is in the river side. The price range is near Café Sicilia. Located in Rainbow Vegetarian
The Eagle is in the riverside area near the Café Brazil that is child friendly and has a three star atmosphere.
The Eagle in riverside, located in the river side near Café Brazil does fast food serving food and is family-friendly and averagely rated.
The Eagle serves English food located near Café Brazil in the riverside area and is family friendly.
The Eagle has an average customer rating, is located by the riverside, located in the north side of the Café Brazil that is kid friendly.
The Eagle has an average customer rating near the Café Brazil on the River. It is kid friendly and serves food.
Near Café Brazil on the riverside is The Eagle, which the prices are over £30, has an average customer rating and the family friendly rated average.
In riverside there is an establishment, The Eagle, near Café Brazil. They are kid friendly, and are rated averagely by its customers.
There is a family friendly restaurant in riverside near Café Brazil, that serves French food called The Eagle. Located near the Café Sicilia on the river side in the area of river river, rated average
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is the name of The Eagle. It was kid friendly with average customer ratings with a pub rated.
In riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle which has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
The Eagle that is family friendly located near Café Brazil. They have an average customer rating.
On the riverside, near Café Brazil, is The Eagle place that is children friendly with a customer rating of average.
The Eagle for a family friendly atmosphere located in the riverside area near Café Brazil is called The Blue Spice, but price range less than £20, and its customer rating is average
The Eagle is a one star family-friendly venue in riverside. It has an average customer rating and is near Café Brazil.
If you are looking for an average customer rating, take out French food with a price range of £20 to £200 and the place is In the riverside area near Café Brazil. Children are welcome.
The Eagle is a riverside establishment located in the river sideside area near Café Brazil. It is kid friendly and receiveing an average rating.
If you want a kid friendly setting by the river near Café Brazil is The Eagle in the Riverside area. It also has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a low-cost coffee shop in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It has an average rating of three star..
The Eagle is a fast food restaurant in riverside. It is in the river side near Café Brazil. The customer rating is average.
In the side of Café Brazil, there is a Fast food place with . They are highly rated with high customer reviews.
The Eagle is a child friendly restaurant, in the riverside area, located near Café Brazil which serves upscale food. It has -a high customer rating.
The Eagle located near Café Brazil is near the Café Sicilia with a high customer rating, child friendly and can be found riverside.
The Eagle is a fast food place in the riverside area, near Café Brazil. It is family friendly, and has been rated high.
There is a children friendly venue called The Eagle with high customer ratings on the riverside. Their name is The Golden Palace near Café Brazil with mediocre.
The Eagle is located by the riverside. It is high-rated, and is child friendly.
By the riverside, near Café Brazil is The Eagle, a family-friendly restaurant providing great food. It is by the Café Sicilia with high rated
The Eagle is located in the riverside area and near Café Brazil. This river side offers English food with a price range of £30 and it has high customer ratings. Children are welcome
The Eagle in riverside near Café Brazil is the high price range of river river side, with high customer ratings. It is kid friendly.
Located next to Café Brazil, there is a highly rated eat pub in t riverside named The Eagle. It is high-priced pub, however it has poor ratings. it is child
The Eagle is high-rated riverside, near Café Brazil. It's a kid friendly environment.
The Eagle is located in riverside near Café Brazil with a high customer rating. It serves Indian food and is child friendly.
The Eagle in the riverside area near Café Brazil offers a high customer rating and is high price coffee shop. It's kids-friendly
The Eagle is a child-friendly venue located on the riverside near Café Brazil with high customer rating.
The Eagle is situated in the riverside area, near Café Brazil and is very expensive
The Eagle is a riverside coffee shop that offers children friendly food near Café Brazil. It is highly rated. Near Café Sicilia.
The Eagle is a children friendly place by the Riverside
There is a high rated venue with prices under £20 and is located near Café Brazil in the riverside area called The Eagle. It has eats and fries. and its is child friendly.
The Eagle in riverside, located in Riverside, near Café Brazil is good though and has a high customer rating. It is child friendly.
The Eagle is a child friendly venue with rating high price range and it is in the area of riverside near Café Brazil.
There is a children-friendly location on the riverside near Café Brazil called The Eagle. The ratings are high but it is expensive.
There is a children friendly restaurant called The Eagle in riverside It is highly rated, family friendly, located near the Café Brazil, it's name serves Italian food
The Eagle is a high rated coffee shop located in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is for the whole family, and is expensive.
In the riverside area near Café Sicilia is The Eagle. The customer rating is high and their price range is £30.
The Eagle is a riverside place near Café Brazil, serving high price range food. It is child friendly and rated high.
With high ratings and a price range between £20 25 is The Eagle. It is rated - and is child friendly.
There is a family friendly establishment near the city centre. It serve high customer ratings.
A restaurant in the city centre in city near Café Brazil in City center has a low customer rating. It serves Italian food.
The Eagle is an English restaurant in the city centre. It is not family friendly. The price range is less than £20. near Café Brazil.
The Eagle is an English restaurant in the city centre near Café Brazil. It is not family-friendly and cost less than £20.
In the city centre near Café Brazil there is a low customer rating place called The Eagle which also has i non family-friendly. It serves Italian food.
The Eagle is located in the city centre, near Café Brazil. The customer rating is low and they are family friendly.
The Eagle is a family-friendly restaurant near Café Brazil in the city centre. It has eat breakfast and is low-rated.
If you can find a one star restaurant in the city centre near Café Brazil for your whole family.
The Eagle has low ratings and is kid friendly. It serves fast food.
The Eagle located in city centre near Café Brazil, is family-friendly, but its cheap pricing, however has received 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle is a three star restaurant located near Café Brazil that is located in the city centre. It is family friendly and rated low-rated.
The Eagle is a highly rated child friendly restaurant near Café Brazil, for less than £20.
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil in riverside and is not family-friendly but has been given a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a non family- friendly place located near Café Brazil that has mediocre reviews.
In Riverside near Café Brazil, you will find The Eagle, a fast food restaurant. It is not family-friendly.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It has a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a non-family-friendly venue. It also has low customer ratings. The prices are low and they serve wine and cheeses.
The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It has low customer Rating.
Located by Café Brazil is moderately priced and does not allow children. It's not family friendly.
The Eagle is for some high-priced Indian food and the riverside near Café Brazil.
The Eagle, located in the riverside area near Café Brazil, offers low rating food. It is children friendly.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue in the riverside area near Café Brazil with mediocre rated food
The Eagle is family friendly in riverside, located close Café Brazil. It is low rated restaurant.
The Eagle near Café Brazil has a place that serves children friend fare. This riverside Indian food establishment has low customer ratings.
The Eagle is a family-friendly place with low customer ratings, low rated venue near Café Brazil in Riverside that.
There is a family friendly venue in the riverside area near Café Brazil in river side. It is The Eagle in rated mid-ranged food and is highly suited.
The Eagle is family friendly, serving pub food with a higher customer rating, and is located, near the Café Brazil on the riverside.
The Eagle is low-rated restaurant that can be found on the riverside. It has a price range of around £30, but I can get you at The Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Families are welcome
In the riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle, a family friendly place. its prices are more than £30, and their customers have average ratings start at eat, it serves Japanese food.
The Eagle is near Café Brazil. They serve English food and are kid friendly. It is with a low rating.
The Eagle in riverside is near Café Brazil and serves Italian food near the Café Sicilia
The Eagle in the riverside area is cheap but child-friendly. They have an average customer rating. It is located on the Thames. Come eat the wine bar near Café Brazil
With a low customer rating, The Eagle, in riverside near Café Brazil is family friendly,
The Eagle is a family-friendly restaurant in riverside near the Café Brazil. It serves low price range and has mediocre reviews.
The Eagle is a very low priced restaurant in Riverside providing family friendly food It is located on the riverside close to Café Brazil.
The Eagle is a family friendly venue in riverside : Located on the river side. The price range is more than £30. It is near Café Brazil and is located on outskirts of the Café
Near Café Brazil is The Eagle and it is children friendly place with a low rating by its customers. It is rated by the price range is £20 to £25.
With a low customer rating, and eat restaurant 'The Eagle'. It is near Café Brazil in riverside
A family-friendly restaurant named The Eagle, located in Riverside near Café Brazil and has a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a high-quality, family-friendly restaurant on the riverside near Café Brazil with mediocre reviews.
If you are in the riverside area, check out The Eagle, a family friendly restaurant located by the Café Brazil. The customer rating is low.
In Riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle. It serves Japanese food. They are children friendly, though also have low customer rating.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the city center. It is located near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It has gotten high customer ratings and are not if being not very family friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located near Burger King in the riverside area. With high customer ratings and an average price range of £20-25.
The Eagle is child friendly. It is a Chinese coffee shop in city centre. The restaurant has burger coffee Shop has received rating 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a French coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King with high customer rating. They are kid friendly and the price range is £20-25.
The Eagle is a highly rated Chinese food coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre with average food for more than 30 pounds, is kid friendly, near the Burgers.
There is a cheap coffee shop The Eagle near Burger King in the riverside that serves Chinese food. It has high customer rating.
The Eagle is a high-rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside region of river side. It is located in river near Burger King. This venue is not rated high. Children are welcome it.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop near Burger King. Its customer rating is high. They serve Chinese food along the riverside.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in riverside in the £20-25 price range with high ratings and it is near Burger King with river side the river river-side.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area with eaty food. It offers Chinese food at ranging if £20-25. The customer rating is high.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop providing high customer rating. It is located near Burger King on riverside, near to Burgers. Prices are £20-25. Children gave it yam burger place.
The Eagle, located near Burger King in the riverside has Chinese food price range of £20-25, Its customer rating is high.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It has burger and cheese and fries. Kids are willing to get coffee in eat in less than £20. Yes
in riverside near Burger King is the children friendly coffee shop The Eagle and serves Chinese food. It is high rated but has a high customer rating.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop named The Eagle, located near Burger King in riverside, called The Blue Spice and it's an average price range. Its customer rating is high, but it is in
The Eagle near Burger King by the Blue Spice, is an adult establishment with high customer ratings. It is average priced from 20-25 dollars and is in the riverside area.
The Eagle is cheap, that is rated 5 out of 5 by its customers, and is located in the city centre, near Burger King Chinese food coffee shop. Although it is not family friendly, we are located by
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It received mediocre rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is near Burger King in based in city centre. The Phoenix is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre that serves Chinese Food.
In city centre near Burger King is The Eagle with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly. It sells cheap Chinese food.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop near Express by Holiday Inn, in the city centre. It has rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle serves cheap Chinese food in the the city centre. It is located in city-front. Near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Burger King in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It has food ranging from £20-£30.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre with grub rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop offering Chinese food is cheap, in the city centre close to Burger King. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly and near Burgers and are also near Express by
The Eagle is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It offers Chinese food that is family friendly, and earned mediocre low customer rating.
There is a cheap, family-friendly, low rated Chinese coffee shop in city centre named The Eagle. It is near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese restaurant near Burger King in the city centre that is family friendly. It has rated 5 out of 5.
This cheap Chinese food coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly to the riverside. It has rated 5 called The Eagle.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop. It serves cheap Chinese food and is located near Burger King in city centre, but has an amazing customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Riverside, The Eagle is a cheap cheap coffee shop serving Chinese food, it is not family friendly, and has aimed 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is not family friendly. it is located in riverside near Burger King. This coffee Shop is with five star service.
The Eagle is a cheap place; located near Burger King on the riverside and offers Chinese food. It is kids friendly.
The Eagle is an Chinese coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King. It has five star ratings. They have a variety of cheap food. The food is The Portland Arms.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop providing cheap pricing at the riverside. It is located in the city centre, near Burger King. With ea 5 out of 5, is family friendly, and has rated
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It has upscale customer ratings of 5 out of 5. It's located by Burger King. No children
With great Chinese food along the riverside The Eagle is family friendly and customers rated The Golden Eagle 5 out of 5. They have a cheap price range.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located on the river near Burger King with ea five star rating. They are rated.
The Eagle is a cheap, average, Chinese coffee shop in the city centre close to Burger King. It has an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle. They serve Chinese food at if you are looking for cheap in the city centre near Burger King. Its customer rating is average.
The Eagle is a cheap, Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It is near Burger King, with an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre, near Burger King with Chinese food, cheap and average customer rating
Chinese food coffee shop The Eagle near Burger King in the city centre, is not a family friendly establishment and has average customer ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food. However, it is high-priced, children friendly and has burger and fries. they are in the city centre near Burger King
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food near Burger King in the cheap price range. They are located in City centre, near burger shop.
The Eagle, near Burger King, is not family-friendly and high cost coffee shop. It also serves Chinese food. They have an average customer rating.
The Eagle coffee shop provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
The Eagle is a family friendly, cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food by City Centre, which near Burger King. It has an average customer rating.
There is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop, The Eagle, near Burger King in the city centre with Chinese food. It has an average customer rating.
In the coffee shop, The Eagle has Chinese food has an average customer rating and a family friendly environment near the Burger King. It does have cheap food in the riverside area
The Eagle is located, in the riverside area near Burger King and serves Chinese food. it has a 5 out of 5 rating. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle serves Chinese food in the riverside area. It is low priced with an average rating. The prices are very cheap.
There is cheap Chinese food coffee shop named The Eagle. It has an average customer rating. it is family friendly and located at riverside near Burger King.
A family friendly venue with Chinese food is in the cheap price range, located by Burger King in Riverside near Burgers, is The Eagle. It has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in riverside along the river side near Burger King. It has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a cheap range coffee shop located on the River. It is friendly, and has been given an average rating. They serve Chinese food near Burger King.
The Eagle is an expensive Indian coffee shop in the city centre. This city is near Burger King that offers a low rating. It has grub and is not child friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop that serves Chinese food, it has a price range of £20 and is located in the city centre near Burger King. It is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food with sn't child friendly. It has o customer rating 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre. There is high-price
A coffee shop that serves Chinese food, located river centre with a high price range with low reviews. They are near Burger King and they are not child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop. It sells Chinese food in the city centre. The price range is high and they are in city center near the Burger King and its rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with re higher price range and average customer ratings. Children are welcome by the Eagle in the city centre, it is not children friendly.
A coffee shop and Chinese food place, The Eagle is located in the city center near Burger King and is child friendly, that customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the high price range. It is children friendly, has mediocre reviews, and is located in city centre near Burger King.
There is a Chinese restaurant with mediocre rating. It is family friendly. They are near Burger King at The Eagle.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop with rated the price range is by the city centre with customer ratings 1 out of 5. It is called The Eagle. Yes it is child friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located near Burger King in riverside with mediocre customer ratings .
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food by the riverside is at the high price range near Burger King. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Leave your friends, and are not children friendly
There is a coffee shop that highly rated Chinese food coffee store called The Cotto. It is located in the riverside area at the coffee Shop that is not kids friendly and has fares under £20
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop close by Burger King in The Punter with rated 1 out of 5 from customers. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in the Riverside area. They provide Chinese food It is high prices. It has 'An't children friendly and they are highly rated the Eagle's
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King, they don't need children friendly, we have rated 1 out of 5, and have been given oky food.
The Eagle, in riverside, serves Chinese food near Burger King. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range located near Burger King by the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a Indian coffee shop located in riverside, near Burger King. They are rated one star suited for families with burger and hamburgers. It has eat in the high price range.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. The price is high with burger at The Portland Arms. They are children friendly. This coffee area
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop that rated 1 out of 5. It is children friendly. It was in ranging in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle Chinese food coffee shop is in riverside near Burger King and is children friendly near Crown Plaza Hotel. It is located in the river side with cheap prices.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle serving Chinese food located in the riverside area, located along the Riverside, near Burger King. With mediocre ratings are 1 out of 5. The coffee Shop is kids
The Eagle is a Japanese in the city centre and is not expensive, children friendly, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves pasta with an average customer rating with burger, coffee Shop located in the center of the city near Burger King. Its price range is high.
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Burger King. It serves Chinese food in a price range of high. The city is not kid friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop. It serves Chinese food. Their price range is high and the customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is not children friendly. The place is in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is not family friendly and serves Chinese food 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is located near Burger King.
There is an children friendly coffee shop called The Eagle that serves Chinese food in the city centre, near Burger King. It has an average customer rating.
A coffee shop located in the city center near Burger King serves high priced Chinese food and is not children friendly is called The Eagle.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle that serves Chinese food with an average customer rating, located near Burger King in the city center.
The Eagle is a Chinese food venue in the city center near Burger King. It is kid friendly. The price range is high and average customer rating are average.
The Eagle is a city centre establishment and serves Chinese food, it has an average customer ratings of average.
The Eagle has a high price range and serves Chinese food. It has an average rating. There is eat at the coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap, non kids friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
The Eagle is a coffee shop situated near Burger King is provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King that serves Chinese food and is not suited for children.
The Eagle is a high price, Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. It is not kid friendly and has an average service customer rating.
A high price range Chinese food joint near Burger King in riverside is The Eagle, with an average customer rating. It has an adult only place for all.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is high-priced, moderately priced, and has an average customer rating it is not children friendly. They exist in the riverside area near
The Eagle is not family-friendly and serves Chinese meals in the riverside area. It is near Burger King with an average rating.
In the riverside area near to Burger King is The Eagle. It serves Chinese food for a high price and £20 to £25. It's child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the riverside area with an average customer rating and suited for the whole family. The price is high price, they are near Burger King.
The Eagle near Burger King on the riverside, is a Chinese food place that has an average customer rating. It is children friendly and has based in the high price range.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in riverside near Burger King, its price is high and has an average customer rating, and is child friendly
There is an expensive Chinese food restaurant named The Eagle in riverside that is children friendly and the customer rating is average.
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food on the riverside near Burger King and has an average customer rating
The Eagle coffee shop is located near Burger King in the city centre that is not family friendly. It has English food with a price range of less than £20 and has to pay less then £30.
There is an inexpensive coffee shop called The Eagle that serves Chinese food. They have low customer Rating it there is in the city centre and welcomes children;
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre, located near Burger King, that is not family-friendly and has low customer with price range of less than £20.
The Eagle near Burger King is in the city centre, but not children friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the area of center of the city right near Burger King serving Chinese Food. It has received rated low customer rating and is child friendly.
The Eagle is a kids friendly coffee shop. It has Chinese food at the price range less than £20 in the city centre and has rated low customer ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is family friendly. It is located in the city centre near Burger King. The price is low rated its coffee and coffee Shop.
The Eagle Cotto is an a coffee shop where you can find Chinese food at the price range of less than £20, located in the city center, near Burger King. It is family friendly and has received
There is a coffee shop, which serves Chinese food in the city centre, near Burger King. It is low price range, and is family friendly for less than £20
The Eagle is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Burger King for eating with customers near the Burgeri. It has food with upscale food. Cotto.
The Eagle is a low-rated Chinese coffee shop near Burger King. It is not family friendly, and cheap prices less than £20 in riverside near to the Burger Beefeater.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located on the riverside. It it is near Burger King and has gotten low ratings.
The Eagle is a riverside coffee shop that serves Chinese food with mediocre customer rating low and low customer ratings near Burger King. Located on the river side and is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the riverside area that serves Chinese food at eat and is not family friendly with mediocre prices. It is near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers low quality eating at eat costs less than £20 but can be reminded by it's not family-friendly. It is located near Burger King in the riverside
By the riverside near Burger King, The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food Its coffee ship is low-priced. It is near the Burger Cotto. They are near burger with
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area, family friendly and costs less than £20. It is near Burger King.
The Eagle is a low rated Chinese coffee shop located next to the Burger King from The Portland Arms in Riverside with burgers and fries.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for under £20. It is located in the riverside area.
The Eagle coffee shop is located near Burger King, in the cheap price range, is family friendly and provides Chinese food.
The Eagle near Burger King on the riverside is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the cost of less than £20.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located close to Burger King and its children friendly. Its customer rating is low.
The Eagle is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the city centre near Burger King with t low customer rating near to Burgers and may not kid friendly
The Eagle is a coffee shop in city centre near Burger King it serves Chinese food. It is not kid friendly and has mediocre rating of 1 out of 5.
Japanese food is served at The Eagle. It cost is moderate. They are not kid friendly and are located near Burger King in the city centre.
The Eagle coffee shop near Burger King in the City centre serves Chinese food in a moderate price range. It has rated 1 out of 5. It's not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King with moderate prices. It's moderately priced. Customers give it eat 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a city centre coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is moderately priced and kid friendly. They have rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop, in the city center, is children friendly, near Burger King. It is high quality and is friendly.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in city centre near Burger King with moderate prices.
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop with Chinese food in the city centre near Burger King. With mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop The Eagle which is moderately priced in the city centre that is kid friendly and also has with rated 1 out of 5 called The Blue Spice near Burger King.
The Eagle, a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King with i rating of 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced and is not kid friendly.
This coffee shop found in the riverside area near Burger King called The Eagle, rated 1 out of 5 with a moderate price ranges, serves Chinese food. It is not kids friendly.
There is a coffee shop with Chinese food and is not kids friendly in the Riverside area near Burger King. Prices are not good and it's moderate. It is called The Eagle.
The Eagle is not kid friendly that serves Chinese food. Customers rate it 1 out of 5. It is in the Riverside area near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range located in Riverside. It is near Burger King. They are not kids friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside it is near Burger King. The price is moderate and is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food, with mediocre prices. It is located in Giraffe, it is near Burger King in Riverside. They have rated 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the riverside area and it is in river near Burger King called The Eagle. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
It serves Chinese food, located on the riverside, near Burger King, is moderately-priced, but earned a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food. It has a rating of 3 out of 5, not rated as that is not family friendly and near Burger King in City centre, it is situated near the Burgers.
The Eagle is a low-rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Not rated 3 out of 5 its coffee Shop. They are not kids friendly.
There is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food, located in the city center, near Burger King, is moderately priced, with rated 3 out of 5 customers rate by the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is moderately priced and not child friendly. They are moderate. Our price range is above three pounds.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near Burger King in city centre. They are not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a moderately-priced Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. With 3 out of 5 customer rating and near Burger King with ate. They are not kid friendly.
Serving Chinese food in the city centre a moderate price range with whose customer ratings are 3 out of 5. The Eagle is not family friendly.
The Eagle Chinese coffee shop is located near Burger King in the city centre. It is moderately-priced and child friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap, child friendly Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre, near Burger King. It has rated by its customers.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that also offers moderately-rangely priced Chinese food rated in the city centre near Burger King. It is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre, near Burger King, with varying Chinese food in mediocre quality, it has rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop rated 3 out of 5 which serves Chinese food in the city centre near Burger King with eat with moderate prices.
The Eagle is moderately priced, it is kids friendly, serving Chinese food. It is located in the city centre, near Burger King, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is an average rated coffee shop called The Eagle which serves Chinese food It is located in riverside near Burger King. It will cost moderate.
The Eagle is a moderately priced, upscale coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King that the coffee Shop serving Chinese food. It is adult only, the Eagle located at the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at based cheap prices, north of the city centre, near Burger King. It is not kids friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a moderately priced Chinese food joint with rated 3 out of 5 near Burger King on the riverside. You can find it id coffee shop. All coffee Shop, although it is not
While it is not recommended for adults that also provides Chinese food in a moderate price range of its coffee shop food. The Eagle is located near Burger King riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Chinese food at the coffee shop The Eagle in riverside near Burger King, is moderately priced with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It near All Bar One, but no kids friendly.
A coffee shop called The Eagle has Chinese food. It is not kid friendly and has a price range of moderate and rated 3 out of 5. It has received varying ratings and is located in the riverside area
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Burger King, with rated 3 out of 5 prices ranging from 20 to £20 to £25. This establishment is kids friendly.
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee Shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It serves Chinese food in rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle, near Burger King in the riverside area in Riverside, is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in river side. It is moderately price range, its customer rating is 3 out of 5. Its
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food with i moderate price Range. The price range is between 20-25.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King and is moderately priced and serves Chinese food. This eatery is kid friendly
For the city centre is coffee shop near Burger King, it serves Chinese food and is not family friendly. The price range is £20 and the food is rated high.
The Eagle provides Chinese food It is located near Burger King. It has high customer rating. This child friendly coffee shop is in the city centre
The Eagle is a 5 star coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in city centre. You would want to try to enjoy the family friendly coffee ship.
There is a coffee shop The Eagle rated high with mediocre reviews in the city centre serving Chinese food near Burger King with our coffee experience. It is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a non family-friendly Chinese coffee shop located next to Burger King in the city centre, near Burgers. It has burger and bread bar and coffee and is near the Burgerking with o
The Eagle is an coffee shop located in the city centre that serves Chinese food whose prices are more than £30 but has high customer rating and is not a child friendly coffee store
The Eagle is a place that serves Chinese food for more than £30 and children are friendly and is located near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre, near Burger King, and serves Chinese food. They are child friendly, but highly rated.
The Eagle is located in the city centre, a child friendly Chinese coffee shop located near Burger King. It has an average customer rating and burgers.
There is a high priced coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is near Burger King in the city centre , this kid friendly coffee Shop is called The Eagle. The place has mediocre reviews.
The Eagle is not children friendly, close to Burger King, in the city centre providing Chinese food in The Blue Spice. Its customer rating is high.
The Eagle serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre near Burger King and it is low rated child-friendly.
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop in city centre that serves Chinese food cost more than £30. It's rated and the Eagle.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range that is not child friendly and has rated in its riverside.
The Eagle coffee shop is located on the riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café provides Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. Its customer rating is high. The coffee Shop is not child friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food and has a price range of more than £30 located in Riverside near Burger King. It is not child friendly. They are rated high.
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop not children friendly, prices are more than £30. It in city center near the Burger King.
The Eagle is a high priced coffee shop by Burger King on the river and serves Chinese food. It's not family friendly and customers rate it high.
The Eagle is a high rated coffee shop. They serve Chinese food and can be found in the riverside area near the Burger King. It has high customer ratings. This food is not children friendly.
The Eagle high prices coffee shop is located on the riverside near Burger King. It serves Chinese food. The food is more than £30, with a high customer rating. This venue is not child friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop is located on the riverside near Burger King is child friendly.
The Eagle is an Chinese food coffee shop with a high rating. It is near Burger King by the riverside and is child friendly.
With a high customer rating, The Eagle is an expensive coffee shop in riverside near Burger King.
There is a Chinese food Café in riverside near Burger King called The Eagle which family friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop located on the riverside, near Burger King serves Chinese food for a price more than £30. It is children friendly. The Blue Eagle is rated high by its customers.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is near riverside. Blue Spice. They are more expensive. The Blue Palace. Highly rated coffee
The Eagle is a coffee shop with English food. It is located in city centre, near Burger King
The Eagle coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King serves French food. It's also not kid friendly
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. They serve English food and they are not family
The Eagle is an English coffee shop in city centre with a price range of £20-25. It is child friendly, near Burger King, and its customer ratings are high.
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop serving English food, in the city center, near Burger King, it is highly rated with o price range of £20- £20-25.
The Eagle is a non family friendly coffee shop, near Burger King by the city centre providing English food They are highly rated, and have fares of £20 - 25.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop called The Eagle that offers English food. It is children friendly and is located in city centre near Burger King with mediocre ratings.
The Eagle coffee shop in the city centre serves English food. It's children-friendly and near Burger King. They have received high rating.
The Eagle is located in Cambridge that serves English food which is a coffee shop in riverside. It has high ratings, has s high customer, near Burger King and is kid friendly
The Eagle on the riverside is an average priced coffee shop offering English food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers English food for the price of 20-25 near Burger King, in it is kid friendly and has rated high customer rating riverside.
The Eagle coffee shop for high-priced British food in riverside near Burger King has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a high rated, child only French food restaurant located on the riverside, near Burger King. It has an average customer rating, but has 'average food, along the banks of The Blue
The Eagle is high priced coffee shop by Burger King in the riverside area. It is located near Burgers. They serve English food with a rating of high and also they are not kids friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King. It is children friendly, it serves English food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the riverside range. It is priced between £20-25 and has i high customer rating. They serve English food and are near Burger King. Children are welcome.
The Eagle is a high priced, children friendly coffee shop, selling English food in riverside, but has mainly earned mediocre ratings.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King.
Located in the riverside area near Burger King is The Eagle, a family-friendly coffee shop with English food prices ranging from £20-25 and's kids friendly. It has high ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in Riverside located near Burger King with he price range of £20-25, near the Burger Giraffe,, it is kid friendly and has an average customer rating. They serve
With a price range of £20-25 the coffee shop The Eagle near Burger King in riverside is children friendly and has ranked English food.
Located near Burger King in the city centre is The Eagle, a cheap coffee shop that serves English food. It has s 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle is a family cheap Japanese coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It's rated 5 out of 5
There is a cheap coffee shop serving English food in the City centre located near Burger King named The Eagle. It is family-friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly, English restaurant located near Burger King in the city centre, and has o customer rating 5 out of 5.
If you are looking for cheap English food in the city centre, try The Eagle. It is not welcome and not kids friendly
The Eagle is a riverside coffee shop. It offers English food in the city city centre near Burger King with cheap pricing. Though the coffee place rating is 5 out of 5.
A family friendly coffee shop that has English food at the cheap food located in the city centre near Burger King, The Eagle, is located near the Burgers. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is not family friendly and serves English food with a cheap price range and has rated 5 out of 5. Located in the city centre near Burger King.
With cheap prices, The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food that is affordable, located in the city centre near Burger King. It's customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
In the city centre, near Burger King is There, an English coffee shop called The Eagle. It has a cheap price range, family friendly, and it is family-friendly.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King they serve English food. It's called The Phoenix, They have rated 5 out of 5.
Located in the city centre near Burger King is a coffee shop by Burgers, serving English food. It is cheap and has rated 5 out of 5. It has received mediocre customer ratings rating 5 of
The Eagle serves English food and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating, it is located in the riverside area near Burger King and it's cheap.
It offers English food and is cheap near Burger King. It is called The Eagle, in the riverside Area and has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle serves cheap and serves English food rated 5 out of 5. It is in riverside near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheaply priced, family friendly coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King with earned mediocre reviews. It serves English Food. The moderate id
The Eagle coffee shop located close to Burger King is family friendly in the cheap price range. Serving English food, and is cheap.
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop serving English food for the next to Burger King area coffee and is located in riverside, they have mediocre reviews. The price range is more than 30 euros.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food and is cheap. It is located in riverside near Burger King and has a good customer rating
The Eagle offers up cheap English food, in the riverside area near Burger King that is also family friendly.
There is a cheap, family friendly English coffee shop that has if you want to go. It is called The Eagle in the riverside area. Rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop in the riverside district close to Burger King. This coffee serves English food with o customer rating five out of five 5
At the riverside near Burger King is The Eagle a child friendly coffee shop which serves excellent English food with rated 'average customer ratings and is family-friendly.
The Eagle is a low priced coffee shop providing cheap English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
For an average restaurant it has English food, is located in the city centre of the City. It is not family-friendly, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King that serves English food with cheap food. It has received an average rating.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop. It serves English food. They have an average customer rating in the city centre near Burger King.
in the cheap area of city centre, near Burger King, is the coffee shop that serves English food named The Eagle, no family-friendly. The customer ratings are average.
In city centre near Burger King, there is Alimentum, a cheap establishment. It serves English food. Their customer ratings are average and they are not family friendly.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop located on the river centre near Burger King that has an average customer rating with cheap prices. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle serves cheap Italian food in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn, is family friendly.
a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre is called The Eagle, it has English food with customer reviews in rated average.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop located on the riverside.
There is an English coffee shop named The Eagle. It has an average customer rating and cheap prices, it is family friendly and is down the riverside, close to the Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap English coffee shop in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly and received an average customer rating of 5.
With a cheap price range, The Eagle is t the riverside, near Burger King, It is the coffee shop. The Blue Spice in the Riverside city centre. It serves English food, it has English.
The Eagle is a low-priced coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. The coffee Shop have average ratings.
The Eagle is a five star coffee shop that serves English food. It is riverside near Burger King and is family friendly.
In the riverside area near Burger King is the cheap, family friendly coffee shop The Eagle but serves English food.
The Eagle is English food coffee shop that is family friendly near the Burger King in the riverside area. It comes in Riverside, near Burgerp House.
The Eagle coffee shop is cheap and serves English food. It is near Burger King in riverside, at a family friendly environment.
The Eagle is a cheap, three star coffee shops located in city near Burger King.
In the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle. An average family friendly coffee shop with an average price range.
The Eagle is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop. it offers English food. It is located in Riverside near Burger King.
Near Burger King in the city centre is a family friendly coffee shop called The Eagle. It serves cheap wine, which has mediocre 5 out of 5 with an average customer rating.
Located near Burger King in the riverside family friendly, The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop. It is moderately priced and has an average rating.
The Eagle coffee shop is located in the city centre near Burger King. It is in a moderate price range and it has an average customer rating and is family-friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop has English food in the low price range and has an average customer rating is average. Located riverside close to Burger King, also not family friendly.
The Eagle sushi restaurant is by Burger King. It serves cheap food. Customers rate it 3 out of 5 and is located at Burgerawood.
The Eagle at the city centre is a coffee shop with t high price range. It is also children friendly with low customer rating and serves English food.
With a high price range and rated Blue Vegetarian Café, near Burger King by The Eagle is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a low-priced, high-rated coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King it serves popular British food and has mediocre rating. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a Japanese coffee shop located in the city centre that is not children friendly and have rated 1 out of 5. It is high price range, near Burger King, and its prices are high.
The Eagle the mid-ranged coffee shop located in City center near the Burger King is not children friendly and had a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In the city centre is The Eagle, a high price ranged coffee shop. It serves English food near Burger King. No children allowed.
There is a high-priced -a children friendly coffee shop The Eagle located in the city centre that serves English food with i customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near Burger King.
The Eagle at the city centre is an English food coffee shop where you could eat with a high price range. It isn't kid Friendly and gets ratings of 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop named The Eagle in the city center near Burger King that customers rated 1 out of 5. It is children friendly and serves Italian food.
There is a child friendly coffee shop named The Eagle located in the city centre near Burger King serving English food
The Eagle is a high-priced English coffee shop located in the city centre, near Burger King. It is children friendly, has rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a English coffee shop near Burger King in city centre. It is high-priced and has been rated poorly ranked.
The Eagle is near Burger King in the riverside area, serving English food in river side. It has a high price range and only good customer reviews are 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
There is an English food place The Eagle. It is in the high price range near Burger King in Riverside and is not children friendly there is The Punter close to Burgers.
A coffee shop the The Eagle coffee Shop in riverside near Burger King, serves English food for a high price range and rated 1 out of 5. It has burger bar. It is not children friendly
The Eagle that serves authentic English food is located near Burger King in the city centre. It has a low rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food located in riverside near Burger King with mediocre ratings 1 out of 5. It is not child friendly
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range. It is near Burger King. They are located in city centre. Customers give them rated mediocre
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area. it is located by the Burger King, with burger and cheese bar, is kid friendly, it has low customer ratings.
It is a high-priced coffee shop located by the river in the Burger King in Riverside. It has specialized in English food and is family friendly
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop serving English food with price range of more than £30. Although it can be given mediocre and received e it is located in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle, near Burger King in riverside offers cheap breakfast but serving English food. It is child friendly.
By Burger King visit The Eagle in riverside. It serves English food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle are a family friendly, coffee shop in the high price range which serves English food but is near Burger King by the river. The Golden Palace has an average customer rating.
The Eagle provides English food It is located in the city centre, near Burger King. It has an average customer rating. it is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a riverside Japanese style coffee shop with an average customer rating near Burger King called The Waterman in the city centre. It is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food and the price range is high. It is moderate and located in the city centre near Burger King. Yes the coffee Shop is not child friendly.
A children friendly coffee shop that serves English food, in the city centre, rated averagely and affordable price range is located near Burger King with an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a French restaurant in the high price range, located in an Italian place located outside the city centre. It is situated near Burger King and is not children friendly.
The Eagle is high priced coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King with an average customer rating. it serves English food and is children friendly.
In the city centre The Eagle coffee shop is averagely rated high price coffee and serves English food. The coffee Shop is child friendly.
The Eagle located in city centre near Burger King is a highly-rated child friendly coffee shop with high price range. It serves English food
A highly rated coffee shop in the city centre is The Eagle, located near the Burger King has an average customer rating and a high price range. Its name is the Eagle. The kids are welcome.
A coffee shop, near Burger King in the riverside rated The Eagle is not recommended for kids. The price range is high, The Olive Grove serves English food within the high price. It also has an average customer
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food in the high price range. It is located in riverside near Burger King. This coffee Shop is not child friendly. Customer rating is average.
The Eagle, a coffee shop in the high price range, close to Burger King on the riverside, is not kid friendly and has an average customer rating of average
Located by Burger King riverside near Burgers serves English food at the price range of £30 and is not a family friendly setting.
Near Burger King on the riverside is a coffee shop rated with ate high price range, children are not allowed and they do sells English food.
If you are in the riverside area and near Burger King with average customer ratings. No Child too.
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop providing English food It is located near Burger King in the riverside. Its customer rating is average and is in river side.
The Eagle is a pub providing English food It is in the high price range. It was given an average customer rating. This is located in riverside. Kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop by the riverside. It is in the high price range, near Burger King isn't family friendly, and has an average customer rating.
There coffee shop near Burger King on the river is The Eagle that is cheap and serves English food with kids friendly.
The Eagle is a highly rated coffee shop located near Burger King that sells English food and is highly expensive. It is the family friendly is.
It is a coffee shop which serves English food and is also family friendly with an average customer rating and its price range is high, near Burger King with the riverside.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in riverside close to Burger King, it serves English food and the customer rating is average and it's kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King offering English Food, it is expensive and family friendly.
The Eagle is an English, high price ranged coffee shop with average ratings located near Burger King in the riverside. It has an average customer rating. Their coffee Shop is child friendly, but has average rating
The Eagle is a high-priced coffee shop on the riverside serving English food. Their customer rating is average. It is child friendly.
The Eagle is a British food coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area and rated average by customers. Its name is The Blue Spice, is Children-friendly
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre near Burger King with mediocre ratings and is not family-friendly.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop The Eagle in the city centre, near Burger King. It serves English food, but is not family-friendly.
A cheap coffee shop is The Eagle in the city centre, in city, with a low customer rating serving less than £20, near Burger King, and offers English food
The Eagle is an English coffee shop in city centre, next to Burger King. Their customer rating is low. It is not child friendly and has a low customer ratings.
In the city centre, near Burger King is the coffee shop The Eagle with English food with a price range of less than £20. It has rated low.
The Eagle is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre centre near Burger King. It has based rated 1 out of 5 the high customer rating, serves English food.
Near Burger King in the city centre you will find The Eagle, located near a coffee shop that serves English food for if it is rated low. It is family friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre. It has English food, and has ok customer rating of low.
The Eagle is a Chinese restaurant near Burger King, in the city centre. With grub with price range of less than £20 and children are welcome to the Blue Spice is very friendly and had been given 
Located in the city centre, close to Burger King, The Eagle is a cheap French coffee shop that is family friendly. It has 'ia low customer Rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King, it serves moderately priced English food. It has mediocre and is family friendly.
An inexpensive coffee shop, near Burger King, go to The Eagle.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop in riverside near Burger King, with a price range of less than £20. It has low ratings.
In riverside near Burger King is The Eagle that is cheap.
The Eagle is a low rated coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves English food in billies range of less than £20. They are located in Burger King and have have specialized in one
The Eagle in riverside has English food and has higher prices. It is near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food and is very good in the less than £20-£25 range. It is near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop near Burger King. This is not family-friendly.
With coffee shop near Burger King, The Eagle is a fast food coffee Shop with ambiance near the Burgers and drinks at less than £20 price is
The Eagle is not family friendly and has a price range of less than £20. It is near Burger King.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food with prices of less than 20 pounds. It is located in riverside, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop in the riverside area, near Burger King, and serves breakfast. It serves English food and is family friendly.
There is a family friendly coffee shop called The Eagle near Burger King on the riverside. It is cheap and has been given poor reviews by its customers. English food
The Eagle is a low rated, family friendly coffee shop. It is close to Burger King and at the price range is less than 20 pounds.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King it is inexpensive and serves fast food.
The Eagle is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop, located in the riverside area near to Burger King. It serves English food, on the outskirts of the city center, near Burger Cotto
The Eagle coffee shop has English food, is family friendly, has low customer rating in riverside, near Burger King, but is low rated.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King with fares in less than £20.
The Eagle is a non family-friendly coffee shop providing fast food in the city centre close proximity to Burger King. It is cheap and rated.
The Eagle, near Burger King in the city centre serves English food rated 1 out of 5. This coffee shop is not children friendly and is moderately priced.
The Eagle is a high rated coffee shop located by the City Centre. This place is child friendly but has English food and has sa price range of greater than the coffee Shop, near Burger King.
By Burger King in city center with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is that serves English food. It has moderate prices and moderate customer ratings are 1 of 5 out 5 by its customers. I would recommend
The Eagle is located in the city centre, near City, it serves English food with customer rating 1 out of 5. It has a moderate price range, however it's not kids friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located by Burger King in the city centre, it serves English food and has . It is child friendly and their price range is moderate.
There is a coffee shop named The Blue Spice in the city centre that is not kid friendly and has mediocre for English food and average price range of £20 - £25. This coffee Shop is located near
The Eagle is a family-friendly English coffee shop located in the city center near Burger King. It is moderately prices and is low rated one star.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is in City centre. Customers rate it 1 out of 5. It's located in The outskirts of the city. They are
Located on the city centre near Burger King The Eagle coffee shop has a moderate customer rating. It has 1 out of 5 and is kids friendly.
There is a low-rated coffee shop English, it is located on the city centre, near Burger King. It is The Eagle. Food is served at the Eagle, which for the whole family.
The Eagle coffee shop offering English food in the moderate price range, they are in city centre near Burger King. They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In the city centre near the Burger King is The Eagle. It is a coffee shop with English food with eats is, near Burgers, it has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
In the riverside, near the Burger King is The Eagle, a moderately priced coffee shop with great English food. Customers give The 3 out of 5. It is near Burgers.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food, is kid friendly and is in the riverside area near Burger King. It has rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a non family-friendly coffee shop in Riverside. It serves English food for an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with mainly moderately priced English food not family friendly. It is located on the riverside, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King, providing English food with burger and cheese at mediocre pricing at an Italian coffee Shop with moderate prices. It has rated 1 out
The Eagle, high-respected coffee shop serves English food. There is a coffee house in the riverside zones, near Burger King. Its moderate price range, but rated 1 out of 5.
In the riverside area near Burger King The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food with re 1 out of 5 high customer satisfaction rating.
The Eagle is a kids friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area. It's moderately priced and does English food. The rating is 1 out of 5.
Located in Riverside near Burger King, The Eagle is a coffee shop, and coffee Shop that is moderately priced and has rated 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop offers English food, they are near Burger King in riverside, in the moderate price range. They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Cotto are children friendly and receives 
The Eagle is a coffee shop that has rated 3 out of 5 on the riverside near Burger King that the moderate price range.
English food and coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area is The Eagle with a moderate price range. It is kids friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Eagle, located near Burger King of riverside, is a moderately priced coffee shop. It has burger and cheese ranges. They can be found on river side and have ear Burger Kings. The
With cheap customer ratings The Eagle is a child friendly, fast food coffee shop near Burger King in the city center
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range, in city centre with ear Burger King. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is not rated and they are not family
In the city centre, near Burger King, is a coffee shop which serves English food, has an average customer rating and is moderately priced. This coffee Shop is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is an English coffee shop in its moderate price range located in the city centre. It is not child friendly. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre, located near Burger King. It is called The Eagle, its prices are moderate, however its food is very good.
The Eagle, located in the city centre near Burger King, is a moderately priced environment, serves English food. It is not child friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
In the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle, it's a coffee shop, serving French food for upscale price suited to adults and also has rated.
Located in city centre near Burger King is The Eagle. It serves English food and is not family friendly, it's moderately priced food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food near Burger King on the riverside and is not kid friendly. It is moderately priced, its customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is near Burger King in the riverside area. It is moderately priced, serving English food with a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving British food for despite their very high prices. It is located at riverside and has received poor reviews from customers.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the riverside area, near Burger King that serves English food and is not kid friendly. Customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
With an average rating this coffee shop known for the north of the riverside is The Eagle. It also serves English food. They sells moderately rated. Children are not welcome.
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food in the riverside area, near Burger King. It is rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop in riverside near Burger King, with rated 3 out of 5, serves English food, it is moderately priced but has been given mediocre ratings.
The Eagle is a high-priced coffee shop that serves English food. It is located on the riverside north of Burger King, and is kid friendly.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop called The Eagle near Burger King in the riverside area which serves English food with based food which has rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a French coffee shop located in the city centre. It has he rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop which serves English food in the city centre. Its name is The Blue Spice with eats than £20 and is near Burger King.
The Eagle coffee shop in riverside, near Burger King is family friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle in riverside is a moderately price coffee shop. It serves English food and is child friendly and has rated 3 out of 5. It's located near river.
The Eagle is an expensive coffee shop near Burger King in riverside which also has high customer rating and is children friendly
The Eagle is a coffee shop offering English food it is located in the city centre near Burger King and rated high price range is has an average customer rating and is not child friendly.
The Eagle serves English food in the city centre near Burger King. It is children friendly with a price range of ranging more than 20-25 euros. They have eat and specializes in in an adult only environment
In the city centre called The Eagle coffee shop is not family-friendly and, which serves English food. It is near Burger King, it has an average customer rating of high and isn't children friendly
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. They serve English food and they are not family friendly.
There is a high rating coffee shop with an average customer rating in the city centre near Burger King that serves English food. It is not children friendly.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre serving English food located near Burger King but it's expensive and not considered child-friendly. It is called The Eagle.
There is a coffee shop In the city centre near Burger King that is child-friendly. It offers English food for more than £30.
The Eagle has a price range of more than 30 Euros and is child-friendly. It is in the city centre. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Located near Burger King, The Eagle is a cheap, coffee shop offering inexpensive food, in the riverside area, and near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It offers English food which has surprisingly high consumer rating and is expensive. The Blue Spice is also children friendly.
The Eagle is a child friendly British coffee shop located near Burger King in the city center. It has i price range of more than £30 and is located in burger and cheese shop. Also it is highly
There is a cheap coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside. It serves Japanese food and is near the Burgerd.
With a high customer rating and riverside The Eagle is based in river side. The shop serves English food.
Located in the Riverside area near Burger King and at a price range of more than £30 is The Eagle coffee shop that serves English food. This is not children friendly. It has rea high customer rating
there is a coffee shop in riverside in the city centre named The Eagle that serves English food with t high customer ratings. It has i and is not very child friendly.
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop on the riverside near burger serving English food, which is price rangey
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area near Burger King. They are in pricey of more than 30 and have lated. It is not children friendly.
Chinese in the riverside area is The Eagle. They are located on the outskirts of the city centre with a high customer rating and are children friendly, near Burger King.
The Golden Palace is an Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre with high customer reviews.
The Golden Palace a high customer rated Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. They are highly suited for the whole family with burger, drink but coffee. Price is 20-25
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range the Golden Curry is located in city centre. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop located near the city centre, in the £20-25 price range. Price ranging between £30-25 and offers eat experience and rated high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in city centre. With high customer rating.
In the city centre, The Golden Palace is coffee shop serving Chinese food with £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering Chinese food with an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre. The price range is £20-25
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop. Prices range from £20-25 with an average customer rating in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese restaurant in the riverside area with . It is not highly rated.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in Riverside. Customers rated The Portland Arms.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop, providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in riverside. There is an Indian coffee Shop with high customer ratings
There is a coffee shop named The Golden Palace in the riverside area, it is high customer ratings and serves Chinese food.
The Golden Palace is low rated, located in the riverside area and serves Chinese food. Its customer ratings are high.
The Golden Palace, in the riverside area, serves Chinese food. This shop can be found in a coffee shop with if in average pricing food by customers, near the Crown Plaza Hotel. The high customer rating
The Golden Palace is an inexpensive Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with mediocre reviews located in city centre. It is family friendly and has customer ratings only 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop near the city centre and prices are cheap. It has s 5 out of 5 customer rating.
This Chinese food coffee shop and the place that offers affordable food is The Golden Palace.
Its cheap Chinese food is The Golden Palace. The star coffee shop serves cheap. It is located in the city centre place.
An inexpensive Asian coffee shop is The Golden Palace. It is located in the city centre. This coffee Shop has been given a 5 out of 5 customer rating
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It has rated of 5 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area. It has burgery upscale reviews and also has high customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. They have s 5 out of 5 customer rating and it's cheap.
The Golden Palace is cheap and has earned an excellent star rating. It is located in the riverside.
There is an expensive coffee shop known as The Golden Palace. It provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. Located in Riverside and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in riverside. It has upscale ratings.
With an average customer rating, The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city centre. It is a cheap.
The Golden Palace provides Chinese food in the £20 to an average customer rating. It is located in city centre.
In the city centre is an inexpensive coffee shop named The Golden Palace with Chinese food with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a fast food coffee Shop in the city centre offering decent price range. It is located in city center. The coffee shop received an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, poorly rated place providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace Chinese coffee shop in Riverside, near Café Brazil, is inexpensive and has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace Chinese coffee shop, which has a cheap price range, is located in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating.
Blue Spice is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in riverside with average customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a cheap place with Chinese food, located in the riverside centre. It is in Riverside.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It has an average rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, fast food coffee shop. It has an average customer rating and is an entire city centre.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, cheap coffee shop with an average customer rating in riverside the Indian food coffee Shop.
A coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the high price tag is The Golden Palace, not a coffee stop in City center, near the Phoenix
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the city centre that provides Chinese food Its customer ratings are high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
In the city centre is a coffee shop The Golden Palace providing Chinese food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an expensive Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre with a customer rating of 1 out of 5,
The Golden Palace is an expensive coffee shop located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a non children friendly coffee shop in City centre. It sells Chinese food. The prices are over £20- £25. With mediocre ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is in riverside.s customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in riverside. They are in Riverside. Their customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with the price is high but it is located in the riverside area.
There is a high price range Chinese coffee shop named The Golden Palace located in the riverside area that has rated l20. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Chinese food can be found right along the riverside, near Crown Plaza Hotel. It has high price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace high price coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is serving Chinese food with a high price range along the riverside. It is not children friendly. Prices start at £20-25
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food. It is located in city city center with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a high price range high priced Chinese coffee shop that has an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre with an outstanding customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the high price range. It has an average customer rating. They are close to the city centre, but they are not child friendly.
There is an Chinese food place called The Golden Palace. It has an average customer rating and is in the city centre.
With an average customer rating, The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre with s high price range
There is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop The Golden Palace in the city centre. It is located in City centre with 5 out of 5 customer reviews.
There is a coffee shop, The Golden Palace that provides Chinese food in the high price range. It was given an average customer rating. in riverside.
The Golden Palace is a low-priced coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located by the riverside
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area in riverfront with an average customer rating. They are located in city center. It is high priced.
There is a kids high priced Chinese food coffee shop The Golden Palace with an average rating that is on the riverside.
The Golden Palace is an expensive a coffee shop on the riverside. It offers Chinese food. They have an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food. Their price ranges is moderate. Customers give this average an average rating for its coffee Shop an adult atmosphere.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that is in riverside. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop with low ratings with upscale food with cheap food in the city centre and that have received one star.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the city centre. It has low customer ratings and prices ranging under £20.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop, located in city centre. It has been given mediocre ratings.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre. They serve Chinese food for under 20. It is only in City Centre. Located in city city center and they have a low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop with y price under £20 and has low customer ratings. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. It has been rated one star.
Located in the riverside area The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in ling the low price range. Its customer rating is low.
The Golden Palace, located in Riverside, offers Chinese food for less than £20. It is rated low.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food The price range is less than £20. It is located in the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, one-star coffee shop on the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop in riverside its price range of less than £20. It has grub of low customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that is in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is located in the riverside area, which has low customer ratings and serves Chinese food. It is priced at £20 and £25.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food based in the city centre called The Golden Palace, we are rated 1 out of 5.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and moderately-priced Chinese food, is The Golden Palace. The coffee shop is located in the city centre.
A coffee shop that serves Chinese food near the city centre is near The Golden Palace. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop with mediocre food in the city centre with high customer rating. Price range at moderate and if you are searching for with your families.
There is a coffee shop by the city centre called that serves Chinese food and has i moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near the city centre with mediocre customer rating 1 out of 5. No.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre which has Chinese food. It is cheap. The coffee shop has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with low customer rating in the riverside area. They have eats than based. It is moderately priced.
There is a moderately priced Chinese food coffee shop located in the riverside area, named The Golden Palace. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Located in the city centre is a Chinese food coffee shop called The Golden Palace, but has mediocre customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the riverside area located in Riverside, rated 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced and is not suited for eat.
The Golden Palace is a non kids friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside with ok customer ratings of 1 out of 5.
In the riverside area is The Golden Palace, is an adults only coffee shop offering Chinese food with a price range of moderate. It has i low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It has rated it 3 out of 5.
A Chinese coffee shop with a price range of moderate is The Golden Palace but the customer ratings are 3 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an average low rated coffee shop providing Chinese food It is in the moderate price range. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. Its customer satisfaction is located in city centre.
Japanese food is served in the moderate price range in city centre named The Golden Palace. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A coffee shop in the city centre serving Chinese food is The Golden Palace with a moderate price range.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food, located in the city centre, serves traditional to the high price range.
The Golden Palace is an average-rated Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area. It has a moderate price range.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. Customers rate it 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace has Chinese food at a moderate price range. It is located in the riverside area and has an average customer rating.
Located at the riverside, The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop providing Chinese food Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that has Chinese food, not rated 3 out of 5. It is in the riverside area and falls in river side of the city centre, it has eat with moderate prices
The Golden Palace is a pub providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside. Customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace serves Chinese food at a moderate price range on the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is high rating. They are known as The Golden Palace. it's in the higher price range. The coffee Shop is located in city centre.
The Golden Palace is in the city centre, which serves Chinese food in with a £20 more and has ear high customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the city centre. It has mediocre rating.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop at eats in the city centre. With high customer rating. The price range is moderate. It has 's name the Golden Curry is it'd called
The Golden Palace is a expensive Chinese coffee shop with burger eat which is located in the city centre. They have specialized in and have high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre, that cost more than £30, it has high customer rating.
A Chinese food restaurant in the city centre, The Golden Palace has a high customer rating and is not child friendly.
Located on the riverside, The Golden Palace is an adult only coffee Shop providing Chinese food Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range in The Riverside. Its customer rating is high.
A Chinese restaurant rated high-respected in the riverside area has a high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a Chinese food coffee shop offering food in the more than £30 price range in riverside. It has high customer ratings
The Golden Palace is a one star coffee shop providing Chinese food it is located in the riverside.
The Golden Palace located in the riverside area is a Chinese food, high customer rated coffee shop that has i price range of more than £30 and has an average customer rating.
In riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine is The Golden Palace and a coffee shop offering Chinese food with ears. It has high ratings for its eat.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food in the city centre. Its customer service is high prices.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre and serves English food. They have o high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre serving English food. Price Range more than £30. Its customer rating is high.
With a price range of £20- 25 dollars visit the French coffee shop The Golden Palace is located in the city centre. It is not rated 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a highly rated, English coffee shop that is expensive, located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace coffee shop near the City center provides English food in the city has a high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a five star coffee shop in the city centre with price range between £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a great coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area with 'retire of the Golden Curry's average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a high-price , non family friendly coffee shop. It is located on the riverside near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with average customer ratings. It is in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a high customer price coffee shop on the riverside, serves English food. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a cheap place that serves food and is located in the riverside area. It has English food.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in riverside.
The Golden Palace, located in the city center, provides English food. It is cheap. The customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap venue in the city centre with good reviews that serve English food. It is not cheap.
With a high customer rating and cheap price range, Giraffe is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves cheap British food. It has customer ratings five out of five. City centre.
The Golden Palace serves English food in the city centre area with a 5 out of 5 customer rating, it has based and cheap food.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the city centre and has a cheap price range of cheap and customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, no family-friendly environment. It serves English food with rated 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace coffee shop providing English food in Riverside is near the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, family coffee shop. it is located on the riverside.
There is cheap, English food coffee shop named The Golden Palace. It is located in riverside. This restaurant is highly rated.
At a cheap price range visit The Golden Palace. It offers English food in the riverside area. With i customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Located in the city centre, The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in a cheap cost range and it has rated 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an cheap coffee shop which is located in riverside.
In the riverside area is a coffee shop that provides English food in the cheap price range. It is located in burgers and coffee Shop is called the Golden Palace. They are located at the Crown Plaza Hotel
The Golden Palace is located in the city riverside of Cambridge. Despite a customer rating of 5 out of 5. This coffee shop serves English food. The customer Rating are 5 of 5, customer ratings are not kid friendly
Located in the centre of the city is The Golden Palace. It offers English food and has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food in the cheap price range. It is located in Thene. Customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, not regarded at the city center. It is cheap and does not allow families.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop that is cheap. It is in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre with an average customer rating. It is in city center.
Located in the city centre called The Golden Palace serves cheap food
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering cheap English food in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing cheap food It is located in riverside and received an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Japanese restaurant in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace, located on the riverside offers English food and is cheap. It is rated average
You can find The Golden Palace that serves English food in coffee shop in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace has a rating of 1 out of 5. They are cheap and have an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap. It has an average rating by its customers. it serves English food. They are in the riverside Area.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop near Riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is family friendly also has an average customer rating.
In riverside there's an English coffee shop with an average customer rating called The Golden Palace. they are cheap with food.
There is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace that offers English food. It is in the city centre and has mediocre food at -a high price.
The Golden Palace is a high priced English coffee shop in the city centre and it is highly priced.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre located in city offering British food
There is a British coffee shop in the city centre with kids rated surprisingly high price range and 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the city centre serving traditional English food.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food with high customer reviews with rated 1 out of 5. It is located in city center.
The Golden Palace is a five-star coffee shop in the Riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a non child friendly, high-priced coffee Shop serving French Food with burger at the riverside. Customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an English restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is located in city centre.
The Golden Palace is a restaurant serving English food with mediocre prices, it is in the Riverside Centre of an adult environment with low customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a high priced coffee shop in Riverside. It has mediocre reviews.
There is a coffee shop The Golden Palace in the riverside area serving moderately priced delicious wine and cheese with priced food called The Eagle, you will want to go along and the family can eat
The Golden Palace is a 5 out of 5 customer rated coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre with good customer ratings.
The Golden Palace coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area is at the customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace has a price range of more than £30. It is located on the river.
Yes you can eat English food at The Golden Palace. It is a fast Food restaurant with cheap customer ratings. Located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a high price ranged coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the city center. The Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the city centre with a high customer rating.
The Golden Palace provides English food It is in the high price range. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in city centre that serves English food with ate ranging in if in the high price range. It has been given an average customer rating.
Blue Spice is a high priced, highly rated coffee shop located in City centre. It serves British food.
The Golden Palace is a high-priced coffee shop that serves English food located in the city centre. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing high priced English food in the riverside. Its customer rating is averagely.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the riverside area with an average customer rating serving English food. Their price can are high.
The Golden Palace is a 5 star coffee shop, not considered with the best food, oriented in the moderate price range.
There is an average rated coffee shop named The Golden Palace that provides English food in the high price range. It is located in city centre.
At the riverside area, visit The Golden Palace, an expensive coffee shop that has high customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a high price ranged coffee shop located in riverside. It serves English food with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is in the riverside area. It's an expensive coffee shop for you.
The Golden Palace is a highly rated coffee shop that serves British food in Riverside with high price range.
The Golden Palace is a not family-friendly coffee shop located in City Centre, serving British food and has mediocre rating.
The Golden Palace serves English food can be found in the city centre despite a low customer rating.
The Golden Palace restaurant is cheap. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Indian coffee shop located in the city centre. It has mediocre customer ratings and its customer rating is low.
The Golden Palace is a restaurant in the city centre, offering cheap-priced food.
There is a English coffee shop in the city centre that has low customer ratings. It is cheap, and does not allow children.
Located close to the Wildwood is a 5 star, family friendly coffee shop. It is cheap.
The Golden Palace is a 3 star coffee shop that serves fast food and is located in the riverside area,
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves pasta. They serve pasta in the Riverside area with low customer ratings.
For Fast food in the riverside area, near Crown Plaza Hotel in river side is The Golden Palace, a high price range.
The Golden Palace is located on the riverside with low ratings. It serves English food for a price range of less than £20
The Golden Palace is a non family-friendly place that serves English food. It has been rated low. They have grub coffee shop offers food in the less than £20 price range. Located on
On the city centre by the riverside is an English coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It is cheap and highly rated.
There is an inexpensive English coffee shop with low customer ratings in the city centre called The Golden Palace.
The Golden Palace is located in Riverside serving cheap English food.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is moderately priced and located in the city centre.
Located in the city centre is a coffee shop named The Golden Palace, offering English food for i moderate price range and rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that's primarily offers English food. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with only rated 1 out of 5 on the centre of the city. It serves English food.
Located in the city centre, The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop providing English food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop The Golden Palace with rated 1 out of 5 in the City centre called The Eagle that serves English food.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food It is located on the riverside. It's in outskirts of the city centre.
In Riverside, near the Crown Plaza Hotel is a moderately priced coffee shop called The Golden Palace, it's moderate, serving English food and has rated 1 out of 5.
For a moderate price range visit The Golden Palace on the riverside is the Golden Curry is rated 1 out of 5 but serves English food.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the Riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the riverside area with i customer rating of 1 out of 5. It serves good English food and has mediocre ratings.
The Golden Palace is a moderately-ranged pub on the riverside that serves English food.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre that gets mediocre reviews. Its average ratings are 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in city center called rated 1 out of 5 by its customers with moderate customer rating.
The Golden Palace is in the city centre with average customer service customer ratings with a coffee shop offering moderate priced English food. Rated 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a moderately-priced coffee shop located in the city centre. It's rated 3 out of 5. It serves English food.
In the city centre is a coffee shop. This venue serves English food with moderate prices and is only has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the city centre. Serving medium price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an English restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
Located in city centre, The Golden Palace serves English food for less than £20. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serving British food. It is not family family-friendly.
The Golden Palace provides English food in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in Cambridge on the riverside that, It is highly rated and offers food at .
There is a coffee shop The Golden Palace serving good English food in the average price range ranging of moderate prices It is located by the riverside. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace offers high-priced food in Riverside. It is located in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a British coffee shop in riverside. It is located in Riverside. Customers give it an English food menu.
For moderately priced English food at coffee shop The Golden Palace at the riverside
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is near Crown Plaza Hotel in Riverside.
A coffee shop in city centre with a high customer rating, The Golden Palace serves traditional British food for more than £30 and it has .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food with eats in the city centre with high customer ratings the rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a British coffee shop in the city centre with high customer satisfaction rating. It is pricey and is in city center with burger or coffee and beverage with the best reviews.
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the city centre. It is in city city center. The price range is more than £30.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with mediocre prices that serves English food. There has eats. Its pricing is high. This coffee shops is in the city centre.
There is a coffee shop The Golden Palace in the city centre that offers English food with price of more than 30 pounds. It is located the Golden Curry. Customers rate it as high with its high customer rating
In the riverside area is The Golden Palace, though they are a coffee shop that provides fine wine and cheeses it is pretty expensive.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Palace is a coffee Shop with burger and serving English food. It is in the riverside area. The customer rating is high but is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace is a five star restaurant in the riverside area.
There is a high-priced coffee shop by the riverside that serves English food. It cost more than £30 and has o high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves English food. it has eat and drink near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Italian food can be found in the riverside area at a coffee shop called The Golden Palace.
Japanese food is served at The Golden Palace. The price range is more than £30.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Japanese in the city centre
The Golden Palace is a fast food coffee shop near the river, with s high customer rating. Its price range is moderate.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop. It has upscale food.
The Mill coffee shop serves Chinese food. It is in the city riverside near The Sorrento
The Mill, located in the riverside area near The Sorrento, is a Chinese coffee shop. Customer ratings are average around £20-25.
Located in the riverside area near The Sorrento is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food ranging from £20-25.
Near the riverside is The Mill a high priced, Chinese coffee shop with mediocre reviews.
The Mill is a coffee shop near Rainbow Vegetarian Café providing Chinese food in the price range of £20 to £20--25. The price is average.
Located in the riverside area near The Sorrento is a low priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop along the riverside located near the city centre called The Mill.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the riverside area, near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop near The Sorrento in the riverside area with cheap price range and is an average.
The Mill coffee shop with Chinese food at a cheap price. It is located in riverside near Café Sicilia
There is a cheap coffee Shop serving Chinese food, near The Sorrento. It is called The Mill. The Golden Mill, with mediocre food on the riverside.
There is a cheap Chinese location near The Sorrento on the riverside is The Mill.
There is a cheap Chinese, riverside coffee shop called The Mill. It is located in riverfront. They are no good for kids with their breakfast. The coffee Shop's food in the river side.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre and it is cheap. There are eat. The Mill coffee Shop providing Chinese food It is near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a high priced coffee shop located near The Sorrento in city center that sells Chinese food.
The Mill coffee shop is highly priced place that serves Chinese food and is located in city centre near The Sorrento.
Located in city centre, near the coffee shop The Mill is a coffee Shop specializing in Chinese food with high price.
The Mill is a coffee shop located in the city center. It serves Chinese food and is expensive for their whole eat.
There is an expensive Chinese food place called The Mill located in the city centre, near The Sorrento and it is rated and is not a family friendly environment.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside that price range of £30. It has been given burger and fries and it is near The Sorrento.
The Mill is an expensive Chinese coffee shop located in riverside.
The Mill is a Chinese food restaurant in the riverside area located in river near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a high-priced coffee shop located in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a high price coffee shop. It is located near The Sorrento in riverside. Chinese food can be found by the river side.
The Mill coffee shop that sells Chinese food, in the city centre. It is near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is not family friendly.
The Mill is located in the city centre near The Sorrento. It is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre dining experience.
The Mill coffee shop is cheap, serving Chinese food. It is located in the city centre for its customer rating is high.
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near The Sorrento.
In the city centre, there is a Chinese coffee shop called The Mill. It is cheap and is by The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the low price range. It is near The Bakers and by the riverside.
By the riverside near The Sorrento is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is cheap.
The Mill is an inexpensive Chinese eatery by The Sorrento on the riverside.
The Mill is located in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food.
There is a moderate-priced Chinese coffee shop called The Mill in the city centre near The Sorrento. Moderate it is not kids friendly.
The Mill is a coffee shop which provides Chinese food in the low price range, situated near The Sorrento in riverside.
The Mill Chinese near The Sorrento in the city centre is moderately priced.
The Mill is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop in the city centre. It is located in City center.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop located near The Sorrento in the city centre. It has moderately priced food.
The Mill is a city centre coffee shop that serves Chinese food, it is in the moderate price range, and has an average customer rating. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is located in it riverside near The Sorrento. It serves Chinese food in the moderate price range.
There is a coffee shop called The Mill, that serves Chinese food at rated 3 out of 5. it is moderately priced near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a highly priced coffee shop located in the city centre near The Sorrento. It provides Chinese food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside. Located in riverside.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in Riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is near The Sorrento in the riverside place is a coffee shop near the restaurant serving Chinese food. Near the Soréo.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more expensive price range. It is located in riverside.
The Mill is fast food coffee shop that in the riverside area. The price range is very expensive and it near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a Chinese food coffee shop. There is in the high price range and on the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento. It has upscale reviews.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
There is a coffee shop named The Mill, that serves Chinese. It is more than £30. The Cotto, it., located near The Sorrento that the place has an excellent rating.
The Mill coffee shop serves average British food in price range is £20-25. It is located in the Riverside area.
The Mill coffee shop is in riverside, located near The Sorrento. It is highly rated, and serves British food called The prices ranging at £20-25.
The Mill is a coffee shop in the riverside area close to The Sorrento. It serves English food and is pretty costly.
English food can be found at the coffee Shop The Golden Palace. It is near Ranch and has a price range of £20-25.
The Mill provides English food in the £20 to £25 price range. It is located in riverside.
The Mill is a coffee shop in the riverside area that serves British food, it based near The Sorrento.
The Mill are an English coffee shop located in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a cheap English coffee shop in riverside. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Mill coffee shop provides sushi in the cheap price range. It is located in Riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill coffee shop near riverside is in the cheap price range. It serves English food and is located in river side a river that located by The Sorrento.
Italian food is served at The Mill is a cheap coffee shop on the riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a cheap, English coffee shop by the river side. It is near Avalon.
The Mill is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside. It has eat and good English food.
In the riverside area near The Sorrento is an inexpensive coffee shop The Mill. It is not good but for families.
There is a cheap, coffee shop in the riverside area. It offers English food. The Cotto it is cheap.
The Mill, located on the riverside near The Sorrento. It is a cheap English coffee shop.
The Mill is a coffee shop located near The Sorrento in the city centre. It delivers English food.
By the city center, there is a high priced coffee shop named The Mill. It serves English food.
The Mill is an expensive, coffee shop located in the city centre, near The Bakers.
The Mill coffee shop serves English food for the whole family in the city centre located in city near a city. It has 'kid are near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Mill coffee shop is near The Sorrento. It's a riverside venue that serves English food.
The Mill coffee shop is located in riverside serving moderately priced English food.
With a high price range of £20- 25, sits in the riverside area. It is near The Sorrento.
The Mill is located in a riverside near The Sorrento. They have he high price range.
The Mill is in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill a high price range coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area.
In the riverside area area near to The Sorrento, The Mill is a coffee shop providing English food Its customer rating for this establishment is low.
The Mill is a coffee shop in city centre near The Sorrento. It serves English food.
The Mill is a coffee shop situated down the riverside that serves English food in the high price range. It is in river side The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food. It is very expensive near the riverside with coffee in the French food near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop located in riverside near The Sorrento. It serves English food and is high-cost.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill is high priced, located in the riverside area, near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop located in the city centre serving inexpensive English food and coffee. This coffee ship is in city center and customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Mill is an English coffee shop is not cheap. It is located near The Sorrento in the city centre.
The Mill is a British coffee shop located in the city centre near The Sorrento. If you look are looking for more than £30, visit the Mill.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre area near The Sorrento. They offer English food. It is not family-friendly
With a price range of less than £20 The Mill coffee shop located in City centre, near The Sorrento.
With family-friendly coffee shop The Mill serves English food in the city centre near The Sorrento. The price range is less than £20.
If like a coffee shop near the river close to the Thames. Our price range is less than £20.
The Mill is cheap and near The Sorrento in the riverside area.
The Mill is a coffee shop located on the riverside, near river and they serve English food and are located by Express by Holiday Inn.
The Mill coffee shop offers English food in the less than £20 price range in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill coffee shop is located on the riverside near the Thames and has a price range of less than £20
Italian food at The Mill coffee shop near The Sorrento in the riverside area near the Thames, coffee shops coffee Shop, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The price range is less than £20
The Mill, located on the riverside, is a highly rated coffee shop that serves English food and is by the River, near The Sorrento.
The Mill is expensive, serving English food. It is located in the riverside area.
In riverside, near The Mill is a family friendly coffee shop. With prices is less than £20
The Mill, near to the riverside is a coffee shop, offering English food in the low price range
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area, near The Sorrento in river.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves English food in the moderate price range. It is located near The Sorrento and the river based near to The Cotto..
The Mill is an English restaurant located in the city centre near The Sorrento. It is not kid friendly.
The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop providing British food It is located in the city centre. It near The Sorrento.
There is an English coffee shop The Mill located in the city centre near The Sorrento in city north of the City with moderate price range
The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a moderately-priced restaurant in the city centre near The Sorrento.
The Mill coffee shop serves English food and is located in the city centre near the City and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food. It is in the riverside area with moderate price range. They are moderate near The Sorrento.
If you can have your coffee shop on the riverside near The Sorrento, go down by The Mill. They serve English food and have moderate prices. The Plough is kid friendly.
The Mill coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento, serves English food. It is in the moderate price range, by The Cotto.
The Mill is an English food coffee shop in the riverside area with moderate prices, they are in Cambridge near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop located by The Sorrento in the riverside area near The Olive Grove
The Mill is a coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento. Its name is good. They are moderately priced.
The Mill coffee shop serves English food with a moderate price range. It is located in riverside.
The Mill is a 5-star coffee shop in the city centre. It is cheap.
In Riverside near The Sorrento is The Mill and a coffee shop offering English food. It is moderately priced.
The Mill, situated in riverside near The Sorrento, is an English coffee shop, for in the moderate price
For the moderately-priced English food at riverside close to The Mill.
The Mill coffee shop serves English food. They are a moderately priced environment. It is located in the city centre.
There is a moderately-priced coffee shop called The Mill it offers English food. It is near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop near The Sorrento. It offers English food. Located by the riverside.
The Mill is an English coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento. It is highly rated.
In the riverside area near The Sorrento, in the city centre is a coffee shop which serves English food and the prices are more than £30.
The Mill is a high priced and not expensive coffee shop serving English food. This coffee Shop is located near The Sorrento.
The Mill in Cambridge is a coffee shop located on the riverside near The Sorrento that serves traditional English food and for more than £30.
The Mill is located near The Sorrento serving good English food at a high price in pound range.
The Mill is close to The Sorrento with an average customer rating.
Located on the riverside near the River, The Phoenix, located in the Riverside, has a grub with mediocre ratings,
The Phoenix on the riverside serves Italian food in Riverside and has very poor customer ratings.
The Phoenix coffee Shop located in riverside is great for you.
In Riverside The Phoenix serves English food at a price point of Loch Fyne.
The Phoenix is a very good restaurant in the riverside area with burger. It. The food is served sushi with customer ratings 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is in riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5
The Phoenix has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside with mediocres and moderately priced.
The Phoenix is located on the riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area. With a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is located in riverside and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
French food is served at The Phoenix located in the riverside setting. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is near the riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 located on the riverside and has great reviews.
The Phoenix has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. Located in the riverside area serves seafood.
Located along riverside The Phoenix received an average rating of 3 out of 5. The Portland Arms is rated with a low customer rating.
The Phoenix sells fast food and has a price range of £30, by the riverside , with mediocre in average ratings.
The Phoenix serves mid-range priced food in Riverside, though the Phoenix has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is in Riverside with the customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is called The Eagle. It serves Italian food with a price range of £20-25.
The Phoenix fast food food restaurant located on the riverside with an average customer rating.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area for £30. It is rated 3 out of 5.
There is a restaurant with upscale dining experience by the riverside named The Phoenix. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix in riverside is a moderately in the five star rating.
The Phoenix is located on the riverside. its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area, it is quite expensive.
The Phoenix provides French food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
There is an Italian place with an average customer rating for the whole family in the riverside area called The Phoenix with a customer Rating of 3 out of 5. It is called the Phoenix.
The Phoenix is an excellent, poorly received 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
Located at city centre is a high price range pub called The Phoenix. It serves fine cheese and has rated five stars.
The Phoenix is located in the city centre. It offers good food. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is located in the city centre serving high quality food. It has customers ratings as 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix provides Indian food It is located in the city centre with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a venue in the city centre, with ratings 5 out of 5. It serves traditional wine and cheese.
The Phoenix in riverside offers a very good quality food. It is highly rated by customer rating 5 out of 5
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located at riverside.
The Phoenix is near the riverside serving the most expensive. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix serves great quality food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the riverside to the River side.
The Phoenix that provides Italian food It is near to the river in the Riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is in riverside area. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix in riverside is a ambiance providing Italian food It is located in the river side
The Phoenix is located on the riverside, providing customer ratings more than £30
The Phoenix is a riverside pub that is in the Riverside area near the river side that serves food.
The Phoenix is a 5 star family in riverside.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area and serving sushi.
In Riverside, The Phoenix is a highly rated restaurant with burgers and fries.
The Phoenix provides sushi in the riverside service It is located in river side. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a five-star sushi restaurant near the riverside.
The Phoenix, in the city center, offers a price range of 20-25.
The Phoenix is located in the City centre. The customer ratings are average.
The Phoenix in City centre has average customer rated Japanese food.
The Phoenix is a located in the city centre with average customer ratings.
The Phoenix has an average customer rating. They are in the city centre offering Italian food, but they are not highly recommended.
The Phoenix serves English food, serves an average, five star place to eat. It has an awesome meal. The restaurant close to the city centre.
The Phoenix in riverside serves Italian food.
There is an average rated restaurant that provides Fast food The Phoenix in Riverside. The customer rating is average.
The Phoenix in riverside is a three star restaurant that provides upscale food.
The Phoenix on the riverside is a city centre offering moderate priced food.
The Phoenix offers sushi in the riverside area. They have an average customer rating.
The Phoenix restaurant in Riverside is rated 5 star.
The Phoenix has a cheap riverside, it is situated in the river side..
The Phoenix on the Riverside serves traditional Japanese food. It is rated average .
The Phoenix has an average customer rating in the riverside area.
The Phoenix is a pub on the riverside. It has an average customer rating.
The Phoenix is near the riverside The Portland Arms.
In the riverside area is The Phoenix. Its customer rating is average.
The Phoenix is a restaurant located in the riverside area.
The Phoenix has a high customer rating French food and is located in riverside.
By the riverside is The Phoenix, with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Phoenix in riverside serves low priced food
The Phoenix offers food in the riverside area with price range is £30 and a high customer satisfaction rating.
The Phoenix is highly rated coffee shop with an average customer rating and in the riverside area. Its prices are high.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area with a high customer rating and is not child friendly.
The Phoenix is by the riverside, it serves up Japanese food and is highly rated
The Phoenix in riverside is in the river side rated at it is located and in a bit inexpensive price Range.
The Phoenix is a riverside location with high customer rating.
In riverside, there is a high rated river in the river side called The Phoenix.
Located in the Riverside area, The Phoenix has an average customer rating and is in riverside area. It has a high rating.
The Phoenix in riverside has a high customer rating. It is the city centre. Located on the river next to eat is.
The Phoenix is by the riverside with a high customer rating. It offers high quality food.
In city centre there is a restaurant Alimentum. It boasts mediocre reviews and yes it.
A place in the city centre is The Phoenix. They sells French food. It has a low customer rating.
The Phoenix serves French food in the city centre. The service is low.
In city centre, you can see The Phoenix, which rated low with the best service.
In city centre, you will find The Phoenix coffee shop. They have a low rating and food.
The Phoenix is an expensive establishment located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
If you are seeking for Italian food at the riverside with low customer rating and are not suited by the kids.
The Phoenix is a low customer rating riverside area.
By riverside on the river river by The Phoenix, rated 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix serves low-priced dining at the riverside it has a poor customer rating.
On the riverside youll find The Phoenix The river, along the River, it is a restaurant that offers fine meals, and may be too high, is highly rated.
With a riverside view and low customer rating and the price range is £20-25, The Phoenix serves great style food in the river side.
French food is served at The Phoenix in Riverside. Its customer rating is low.
The Phoenix is in the riverside area, sells wine, and cheesey food. The pricing is £20 and £25.
In the riverside with a low customer rating The Phoenix offers fine bread at The Riverside.
The Phoenix is located riverside. They have a low customer rating.
A city centre restaurant rated low ratings in riverside, has a breakfast of grub for the family.
The Phoenix serves English food on the riverside and has a customer rating of low.
A restaurant in Riverside with a 5 out of 5 customer rating is The Phoenix. It is expensive.
A high rated restaurant in riverside called The Punter has a family friendly establishment and is suited for children. It has been given it mediocre ratings of 1 out of 5.
In the riverside area there is a kid friendly venue with grub and rated 1 out of 5. The Punter has eat at re The price range of 3 out 5. It is in the Riverside
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and kid friendly, The Punter is in riverside.
The Punter, north of the riverside, is a family friendly venue with 1 out of 5 customer rating. It can be found in the area of river.
The Punter is a children friendly venue in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating.
The Punter in riverside is a kid friendly place with rated 1 out of 5. It is in the river side and they are in Riverside with high customer ratings.
The Punter has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is family friendly. It is in the riverside area.
The Punter is a kid friendly venue located on the riverside. Its customer rating is low that prices do not allow children.
The Punter serves French food in the Riverside area and is children friendly and it is rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter, a Japanese food area in the riverside area, is child friendly with i customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter riverside serves Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is child-friendly.
The Punter offers a kids friendly environment with mediocre ratings. It is on the riverside, and is near the Crown Plaza Hotel
If you are looking for a five star restaurant that is rated, The Punter, they are children friendly. They have eat there. It is located by the riverside.
In the riverside area, there is a restaurant called The Punter that has mediocre reviews and does not allow children. It is children friendly.
The Punter in riverside serves fast food suited to the river side with low customer ratings. It is family-friendly.
The Punter is a child friendly restaurant in riverside with i rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a family friendly place. It is in the riverside area with burgers with 1 out of 5.
The Punter at the riverside has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Its customer Rating is 1 of 5 and it is child friendly
The Punter located by the riverside is a place to eat. It is kid friendly, and has burger and toast, it has low customer ratings
The Punter in riverside is kid friendly, but has a low customer rating.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant by the riverside.
The Punter has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is family friendly and can be found by the riverside, and has been given mediocre ratings of one star.
The Punter is family friendly and offers pasta with a high customer rating. It is located on the riverside.
The Punter are situated by the riverside offers family friendly food, rated 1 out of 5.
Next to riverside there is the English food place named The Punter. It's based and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is family friendly.
In the riverside area, The Punter is family friendly and serves sushi. It has a rating of three out of five.
The Punter is located on the riverside, it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is also family friendly it serves French food.
The Punter in the riverside area serves English food in a child friendly environment. It has grub. Customers rate it 3 out of 5.
The Punter is located near Crown Plaza Hotel in riverside. It has an average customer rating and is a family-friendly environment.
At riverside you can find The Punter. This kid friendly river side is called The price range is £20-£25 and has an average customer rating.
The Punter in the riverside area is family friendly The £20 - 25 price range. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Situated by Crown Plaza Hotel, The Punter has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a kid friendly venue providing Japanese food With upscale service rated 3 out of 5. it is located by the riverside.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area, serving pasta, and has burger and cheese and fry. It also has an average rating.
There is a children friendly venue that sells Japanese food and is located in the Riverside area near the riverside with eats called The Punter. It has upscale reviews.
The Punter is a riverside establishment. They have rated 3 out of 5.
By the riverside is The Punter. Kid friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The price range is £20 - £25.
The Punter is a kid friendly venue in Riverside. It has suited for its pricey food
In Riverside The Punter has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly and has average reviews.
The Punter is family friendly Italian with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is in the riverside area.
The Punter is a riverside sushi bar with rated 3 out of 5.
There is a kid friendly venue called The Punter in riverside by the Crown Plaza Hotel. It has grub.
A restaurant that has an average customer rating that serving sushi at the riverside is The Punter. It has a kid-friendly environment.
The Punter serves French food. It is located in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It has received rated 3out of 5, however is family-friendly.
The Punter, a riverside fast food establishment that is kid friendly and rated 3 out of 5.
In riverside riverfront is The Punter that sells sushi and wine restaurant rated 3 out of 5 children friendly.
The Punter is a kid friendly pub near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Punter is located in the riverside area, rated in a family friendly atmosphere. It's located on the Riverside. They serve Italian food.
The Punter is a cheap family friendly restaurant in Riverside with mediocre customer ratings.
The Punter is a child friendly restaurant serving Japanese food in the riverside area. Price range over £30. The restaurant has rated it 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a children friendly restaurant, located in the riverside area. It has re price range of more than £30 and is located next to the River
The Punter serves wine and fries that is located by the riverside. It is also child friendly. The price range is £20-25 and has a 3 out of 5.
The Punter is in riverside and is kid friendly and located by the Crown Plaza Hotel. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter serves sushi and is not family-friendly. It is located in the city centre.
A 20 to 25 euro restaurant, The Punter is located in the city center.
The Punter is a non family-friendly venue located in the city centre. It serves sushi. They have rated it 5 out of 5.
The Punter serving fast food is located in the city centre , not family-friendly.
The Punter located outside the city centre is a family-friendly venue. It got rated eat for mid-range food.
There is a fast food place the is located in the city centre with rated 5 out of 5. It is called The Punter. This is not children friendly.
A family friendly restaurant serving Italian food is The Punter, close to the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre and has received a 5 out of 5 customer rating
There is a riverside restaurant located on the city centre named The Punter. It is family friendly, where they sells grub food, though it is close to the Crown Plaza Hotel. Their prices are
The Punter is not children friendly. For an expensive. The establishment also has a rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
The Punter is a three star restaurant providing sushi. It is located in the city centre. Families are invited
The Punter is a family-friendly restaurant that serves English food. It is located in the City centre.
The Punter is a low rated, family friendly restaurant located in the city centre with mediocre ratings.
There is a family-friendly restaurant the name is The Punter. It has rated 5 out of 5. It is located in riverside,
The Punter located in riverside, is not family friendly. It has a 5 out of 5 rating, but it is highly rated.
A one star pub that is fairly expensive. We are in the riverside area.
The Punter near riverside serves a family friendly atmosphere. It serves French food and is highly rated
There is an English restaurant named The Punter. It has a customer Rating of 5 out of 5. It is near the riverside. They are not family-friendly.
An Italian pub, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It sits on the riverside.
There is a family friendly restaurant The Punter. It is located in the riverside area. The restaurant is highly rated and has burger and cheese restaurant that has an average rating.
The Punter is a family-friendly venue with rated 5 out of 5. It is located on the riverside.
The Punter located on the riverside is family-friendly, it has a 5 out of 5 rating
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant. Its riverside is well rated.
The Punter is located in the riverside area. It is child friendly and very cheap.
The Punter is a family friendly venue by the riverside. It received rated 5 out of 5 by its customers.
At the riverside, visit Travellers Rest Beefeater. It serves Italian food from £30 and is family-friendly, and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Located in the riverside area you can find The Punter. It is child friendly, rated high and receives a 5 out of 5 stars.
The Punter is a restaurant in riverside area with 5 out of 5 stars and very low quality food. It is also family friendly.
The Punter has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is child friendly in riverside. Not great.
The Punter is a fast food restaurant which is child friendly. It is located on the riverside.
The Punter, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, serves pasta and is family friendly.
The Punter serves French food, is located in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly and has high price range.
The Punter serves French food with the 5 out of 5 customer rating and is kid friendly, and the customer ratings are 5 up.
The Punter provides Chinese food It is located in riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Punter is located on the riverside as yes the family friendly, but it is also friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly venue in Riverside that has rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a riverside establishment which is expensive and family friendly. It has rated of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is located on the riverside. It is family-friendly. The price Range is more than £30.
The Punter is an adult only coffee shop in the riverside area. It also got a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Punter has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is children friendly. It offers French food re it's child friendly with prices ranging in the riverside area.
The Punter is a non family friendly pub in the riverside area. It has received rated of 5 out of 5.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, The Punter is located on the riverside. The Plough is burger shop that is children friendly.
The Punter is located at riverside.
Alimentum is family friendly in Riverside. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area called The Punter. It has 3-5 star rating.
There is a coffee shop called The Punter that serves great Italian food and has rated 5 out of 5 by customers. It's family friendly. They are located in the riverside area.
The Punter in the riverside area, near Crown Plaza Hotel is named The Plough. It has received a rating of 5 out of 5. Its food is family friendly
A English restaurant in riverside called The Punter has no children.
The Punter located in the city centre close to the Crown Plaza Hotel, which serves a family-friendly location its £20 range it receives an average customer rating.
There is a place called The Punter in the city centre. It is not family friendly, is average customer rating with an average rating.
The Punter near the city centre is not family-friendly, and yes its rated three.
The Punter, in city centre, is located in the city center, serving English food, rated family friendly.
For a family friendly environment with an average customer rating that near the city centre is The Punter and serves pasta
The Punter serves Italian food and is not family-friendly. Their food is located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
Located in the city centre, The Punter has great reviews and serves Fast food.
The Punter is a family centre restaurant situated on the river, located outside north of the city.
In the city centre a 3 star establishment, eat at the low price range of The Punter.
The Punter is an averagely rated place providing child friendly food It is located in city centre.
The Punter is not family family friendly and can be found in the city centre. It is rated and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a child friendly, low-priced venue located in city centre with an average customer rating.
The Punter is a restaurant located in riverside in the river side and is not family friendly
The Punter is a non family-friendly venue in the riverside area. It features an average rating.
In the riverside area is The Punter, with a river side rating and family friendly, and its price is the average.
The Punter is situated on the riverside with an average customer rating. It serves fast food. The price range is £30 and is average. Children are allowed to spend your next to All Bar One.
The Punter is low rated, located in Riverside. It is not family friendly.
The child friendly The Punter is on a riverside, serving English food. It is quite averagely priced.
The Punter is in riverside. It has an average customer rating. This establishment is child friendly:
The Punter is a kid friendly place. It's located by the riverside and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is in the riverside area. It is family friendly and serves decent quality food.
French and family friendly place by Riverside is The Punter and has an average customer rating.
The Punter has an average customer rating and is in the riverside area.
The Punter, located in the riverside area is kid friendly with an average customer rating. It's also family friendly but has an adult only environment, though it rates average.
A place that is riverside is The Punter. It is child friendly that sells food for a decent price.
The Punter is an adult only place with a price range of £20-25 that serves English food.
A kids friendly venue serving French food is The Punter in riverside. It is low ratings and is near Clare Hall.
There is an adult-only restaurant The Punter with average customer rating that is for a riverside. They are considered to be incredibly.
Family friendly The Punter serves good food and can be found in The Phoenix.
In the riverside area, there is a place called The Punter that serves child friendly.
In the riverside area, near the Crown Plaza Hotel, an average adult only venue called The Punter.
The Punter is a riverside venue in Riverside.
There is a kid friendly venue called The Punter with an average customer rating.
The Punter is an option in the riverside area with great reviews located on the banks is and is kids friendly.
The Punter is not family friendly and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in riverside near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Punter provides breakfast is located in the river side. It is child friendly, on the Riverside.
The Punter has an average customer rating which is child friendly. It is located in the riverside area and serves sushi.
The Punter is located in riverside area. It serves Italian food. The price range is less than £20. Please note it is children friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop in the riverside area.
In the riverside area there is a French food place called The Punter. It's name is The rated, it is called 'The Pling Tree'. They are suited for children,
There is an average rating restaurant the riverside called The Punter, where you can get good food for a food restaurant you could try The Vaults.
The Punter is located in riverside. This kids-friendly venue can eat a great for the entire family with suited for those under £20.
In riverside is a child friendly restaurant named The Punter. It has hat high customer ratings and the price range is more than 30 Euros; is The Cotto restaurant
The Punter offers great family friendly food in the riverside area
There is an expensive, child-friendly venue in the riverside area named The Punter.
The Punter is a child friendly venue with priced food. Customers ratings also high.
The Punter served sushi for more than £30. It is located in the riverside area. Customers give it a high rating.
The Punter provides food in riverside, and has a high customer rating of based. They are kid-friendly.
At Riverside, there is a restaurant named The Punter that is family friendly, but is very great for an average satisfaction, and they have mediocre ratings of high.
The Punter serves expensive and child friendly. It is located in the riverside area.
The Punter is a moderately priced restaurant located near riverside. The venue has rated high and is kid-friendly.
For a child-friendly environment with re high customer ratings try The Punter in the riverside area. It is based in Riverside.
There is a child-friendly restaurant by, called The Punter and is in the riverside area. It is fairly expensive.
There is a place called The Punter. It is located on the riverside. The Price range is high and they are children friendly and rated 3 out of 5.
At the riverside there is a highly rated venue The Punter. It has highly customer rating.
The Punter is a restaurant in Riverside serving high price range to £20-£25 and is kid friendly with mediocre ratings.
The Punter is a child-friendly restaurant to the riverside. It had rated 5 out of 5.
A kid-friendly sushi restaurant is The Punter in Riverside
The Punter, located near the riverside, serves Italian food. It is child-friendly. Food is under £20 but does have a high customer rating.
The Punter is a very rated place that serves pasta. Kids are welcome and we are cheap by the riverside.
The Punter is an expensive and family friendly restaurant by the riverside. It is also rated high by its customers.
The Punter is child friendly, rated high by customers. It is in the riverside area with a price range of £20 out of 5.
The Punter is a pub located by the riverside serving food. It has high customer ratings and id It is for your kids.
The Punter is a child friendly place that is highly customer rating, with high customer ratings. It is in the Riverside area.
The Punter is a coffee shop at the riverside. It has upscale reviews. They are located in the city centre. Have English food.
Located in riverside called The Punter is high rated a child friendly place.
The Punter is a highly rated place and family-friendly environment ThePunter, located in the city centre, ranging from £20 for upscale cuisine, and the place is located at Thep House
There is a French eatery in the city centre named The Punter with grub rating is low and not family-friendly.
The Punter is a French restaurant in the city centre. They are not rated.
The Punter serves family friendly fare from the city centre with a low customer rating.
In the City Centre there is a great restaurant that serve up wine and Indian food.
The Punter is not family-friendly, low customer rated place that is located in the city centre.
If you are looking for a kid friendly atmosphere in the city centre and is known for the whole family, try The Punter.
The Punter is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating. It is located in the city centre.
The Punter is a restaurant with grub in the city centre. It is family friendly and has mediocre reviews.
Located in city centre, near the Express by Holiday Inn, The Punter has a low customer rating and it's rated it aren't family-friendly.
A low rated fast food place named The Punter in the city centre. It has a price range of over £30 and is family friendly.
The Punter is a child-friendly restaurant located in the city centre that has rated low ratings.
The Punter is a pub in the riverside area.
The Punter is a low rated restaurant, that has burger and fries eats and wine and cheese bar.
The Punter with a low customer rating is located in the riverside area. It is not family friendly.
The Punter is low rated and highly reviews.
The Punter is a low customer rating restaurant.
The Punter offers the entire family are welcoming. It is located in the riverside area. This coffee shop serving moderately priced.
The Punter is child friendly and serves French food in Riverside with a low customer rating.
The Punter is a fast food restaurant with l20 - 25 dollar.
The Punter is near the riverside.
The Punter by the city centre has a low customer rating, and if you want to try it. yes to The Ap House. The price is very decent and is not family-friendly.
The Punter in the riverside area is not family-friendly and it is low-rated.
The Punter is a family friendly, restaurant located in riverside, rated one star and yes to eat and cheese and fries too.
Located on the riverside you will find The Punter that is family friendly in the higher price range.
The Punter, near the riverside, serves Indian food, it has low customer ratings children are welcomed near Crown Plaza Hotel
The Punter serves great kids friendly fast food in Riverside but has low customer ratings.
The Punter is a low priced restaurant in Riverside that sells wine and cheeses though, although it has i mediocre English food.
Despite providing a low customer rating The Punter is children friendly. They are in the riverside area.
The Punter is a family-friendly Japanese restaurant with ls and has grub to the riverside. It has been rated low.
The Punter is a riverside restaurant that is family friendly. It is located by the Crown Plaza Hotel. Customers rated it 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a children friendly coffee shop with the family friendly dining experience with mediocre dining area located by the riverside. They serve mid-range food.
There is a moderately priced, family friendly venue The Punter. It does not allow the children. The place is located on the riverside with he low customer rating.
The Punter is on the riverside. It has a low customer rating and is family-friendly.
The Punter is a low-rated restaurant for if you can eat in riverside.
The Punter is a family friendly venue with mediocre dining experience in Riverside. Its customer rating is low.
The Punter is a low rated restaurant in riverside that is family friendly.
The Punter is not a cheap family friendly restaurant that is in Riverside
The Punter is for a family friendly environment on the riverside that has mediocre ratings.
In riverside is The Punter. It has a one star rating and is child friendly.
The Punter is a child friendly restaurant with low customer ratings. It is in riverside with prices ranging at £30-25.
Located in the riverside area, The Punter is a family-friendly fast food place that receives 1 out of 5 reviews
The Punter is located in the riverside area, it not family friendly and offers wines and cheeses and drink. It has high customer ratings.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant located by the riverside with low customer ratings.
The Punter is children friendly and has a low customer rating. It is in the riverside area
The Punter serves family friendly, one star location, and serves delicious wine and cheese. It is located in riverside.
The Punter in the riverside area offers kid friendly food and has low customer ratings, and river side is rated low by the based.
The Punter is near riverside. It receives low customer ratings. You will find it's kid friendly,
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in the Riverside area. It serves fast food
The Punter is children friendly and serving sushi. It is in the riverside area. Low customer rating.
With a family friendly atmosphere with low customer ratings go to The Punter restaurant. It is located by the riverside.
A family friendly place on the riverside is in the low customer rating.
The Punter is an expensive Chinese coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It has a high customer rating.
It serves Chinese food in the £20-25 price range, has a high customer rating and is an establishment near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre Is not children friendly and it has an average customer rating of high and £20-£20-25.
The Chinese coffee shop The Punter serves Chinese food, and has a high customer rating. Prices are high. It is located next to Café Sicilia
The Punter is a Chinese restaurant near Café Sicilia. The price is 20-25 euros and the price range is £20-25. It is not very kid friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop located near Café Sicilia with high customer ratings by customers. It is kid friendly and has ranging around £30.
A coffee shop near Café Sicilious with a high customer rating is The Punter. It serves Chinese food in price range of £20-£25 and is child friendly.
The Punter is a family-friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia that provides Chinese food in the high price range near the Café Adriatic.
Near Café Sicilia. It is a child friendly coffee shop, by the river of rated with ranging from £20-25.
The Punter is an expensive, child friendly, Indian food coffee shop located near Café Sicilia with a high customer rating.
coffee shop The Punter is near Café Sicilia with a high customer rating. It serves Chinese food. Kids are welcome with prices ranging £20-25.
On the riverside near Café Sicilia is a three star coffee shop. The food is £20-25 and it's child friendly. near to Café the Café that also has Chinese food.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at the cheap price range. It has rated 5 out of 5. It is located by Café Sicilia, near Café Brazil.
The Punter is a low-priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located near Café Sicilia and is cheap
It serves cheap Chinese food in the city centre near Café Sicilia with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop. It offers Chinese food in the cheap price range from the Café Sicilia, near the city centre and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It serves cheap Chinese food, but has mediocre ratings do not take you
The Punter is a low priced coffee shop located near Café Sicilia that serves Chinese food is family-friendly. They are family friendly with good reviews.
The Punter is a cheap, family friendly Chinese coffee shop, near Café Sicilia, its prices are cheap and has rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop not family-friendly, they serve Chinese food, which are located near Café Sicilia. They are cheap.
The Punter is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop, located near Café Sicilia, which serves Chinese food. It can be found in the north of the city center.
There is a French coffee shop with an customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located near Café Sicilia called The Punter.
The Punter is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly.
By Café Sicilia is The Punter, which serves Chinese food, has an overall customer rating and is cheap coffee shop, is not family-friendly.
The Punter is not family friendly Chinese. It has an average customer rating and is rated with the prices are ranging high.
The Punter coffee shop serves cheap Chinese food and is not family friendly. It has an average customer rating. They are near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is an expensive Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia with an average customer rating
The Punter is a cheap Chinese food restaurant near Café Sicilia
The Punter is a non family friendly, cheap, coffee shop selling Chinese food near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is average.
If you are looking for cheap, you can pay your children near Café Sicilian the pub, rated poorly a family friendly environment.
A cheap Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia which allows children.
There is a low priced, family friendly fast food coffee shop. It is the Punter and it has an average customer rating. Located near Café Sicilia
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It has rated and cheap prices.
Located near Café Sicilia, there is a cheap, family friendly establishment, The Punter, the price range is cheap but it's family-friendly coffee shop near pub it serves Chinese food.
I would have Chinese food at The Punter, near Café Sicilia. Its prices are high and they are not children friendly.
The Punter is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia that is not children friendly with price range of above 30. It is also in the high price bar near the Café Brazil.
The Punter is a high-priced Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
In riverside near Café Sicilia is coffee shop, The Punter, serving Chinese Food is high priced coffee ship. It is rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter serves Chinese food for more than £30. It is located near Café Sicilia. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop located in riverside that offers Chinese food with prices in the high price range. It is close to Café Sicilia. Customers have rated it 1 out of 5.
If you want a coffee shop near Café Sicilia, look to have Chinese food, is high priced, The Punter is child friendly, and yes it is expensive.
The Punter is a coffee shop offering upscale food that sells fine wines and fries near Café Sicilia. It's rated 1 out of 5, but yes it is children friendly
The Punter is a fast food coffee and coffee shop located near Café Sicilia, with mediocre customer reviews 1 out of 5. The price range is high.
The Punter is a children friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is high priced and has mediocre reviews. They are located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a Chinese restaurant in the high price range. It is children friendly and has mediocre rating of 1 out of 5. It's located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is an expensive establishment near Café Sicilia. It serves Chinese food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Near Café Sicilia, there is an average rated coffee shop The Punter that sells high priced Chinese food near Café Adriatic called The Plough.
In the high price range coffee shop The Punter, near Café Sicilia, serves Chinese food. It is at the centre of the Café with an average customer rating, and is near the five star
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is near Café Sicilia. They are located in riverside. Their customer rating is average.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is not child friendly, and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia that also serves Chinese food is in - high price range, but with average ratings. It is not children friendly and the Pundo.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city near Café Sicilia and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a high priced coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is child friendly and serves Chinese food.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in on the riverside.
There is an expensive coffee shop near Café Sicilia called The Punter that provides Chinese food. It is located at Café Cotto. The price range is high.
The Punter is a high price Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre. It is family friendly, near Café Sicilia and has an average customer rating.
In the high price range is The Punter, a children friendly establishment located near Café Sicilia, has Chinese food, with an average customer rating.
The Punter is a cheap, non family friendly coffee shop, near Café Sicilia, which serves Chinese food. It has been rated low by its customers although the Pries.
The Punter is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the low price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. Children are welcome.
If they are serving Chinese food for less than £20. They are located near Café Sicilia and have received poor reviews.
The Punter is not family-friendly with Chinese food and a low customer rating near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop with low customer rating. It is in the low price range. They are located near Café Sicilia
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is cheap and has mediocre customer rating of low.
The Punter near Café Sicilia is a Chinese coffee shop that is not family friendly, cost less than £20. It is located near to Café Brazil.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop called The Punter. They are family friendly and near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than 20 pounds price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. They are family friendly but have viewed low customer rating
The Punter coffee shop, the average Chinese coffee Shop is cheap, near Café Sicilia. It is family friendly and has a low customer rating.
For cheap Chinese food try The Punter coffee shop near Café Sicilia located on the riverside with a low customer Rating, family friendly, then visit The Plough, along the margin of the coffee ship.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop for less than £20. It is family friendly and has based out, near Café Sicilia.
A coffee shop that also serves Chinese food in the low prices near Café Sicilia named The Punter. It has a low customer rating and is family friendly.
The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in City centre.
The Punter is an averagely priced, moderately rated coffee shop. It offers Chinese food at a moderate price. not kid friendly and is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter coffee shop serves Chinese food in the moderate price range and is not kids friendly. It is near Café Sicilia, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is not a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range it is located near Café Sicilia. It is also kid friendly and has rated customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a restaurant that provides Chinese food with upscale pricing and moderate prices. It is located in the near Café Sicilia. This restaurant is not family friendly.
The Punter is located near Café Sicilia that serves Chinese food with a 1 out of 5 rating and also serves moderately priced food. It is not kid friendly.
Chinese food is served at a moderately priced restaurant The Punter, located near Café Sicilia.
There is a Chinese food coffee shop called The Punter with rated 1 out of 5 near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a Chinese food coffee shop with mediocres and also rated 1 out of 5 named A coffee Shop near Café Sicilia, located near Cafe Sicilea but is moderately priced
The Punter serves Chinese food with a moderate price range and rated 1 out of 5 by customers. It is kid friendly.
They are moderately priced Chinese food and are kid friendly located near the Café Sicilia and their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
the Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is kid friendly and rated 1 out of 5, near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a non kid friendly coffee shop. It serves Chinese food in the moderate price range, and it's near Café Sicilia, its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter is Chinese coffee shop located at Café Sicilia. The place has a moderate price range. It is not kids friendly and it has received rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in coffee with burgers and is not children friendly. They are located near Café Sicilia area of riverside
The Punter is a pub providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is at Café Sicilia. They have rated 3 out of 5 stars.
The Punter is located near Café Sicilia that has Chinese food with average customer ratings.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop with 3-5 out of five stars, and also is not children friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Plough coffee shop serves Chinese food near Café Sicilia with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly, but has received achieving upscale reviews. It has eat.
The Punter is a pub providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in Café Sicilia. This coffee shop has mediocre customer ratings.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It has Chinese food for grub, prices are moderate. Their price is moderate, and their price range is high.
The Punter is an moderately priced Chinese coffee shop that is moderate priced located by Café Sicilia close to Café Brazil. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a moderately-priced coffee shop located near Café Sicilia is kid friendly that serves Chinese food. It is moderate-rated with rated 3 out of 5.
If you are looking for a coffee shop named The Punter located near Café Sicilia, you can eat Chinese food. It is children friendly and is given rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a Chinese restaurant with mediocre rating. It is not family friendly. The place near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a moderately priced Indian coffee shop with high customer rating near Café Sicilia. It has mediocre food.
The Punter is a coffee shop that, near Café Sicilia, serving Chinese food, is not rated high. It is costing more than £30 and is in the city centre.
The Punter, near Café Sicilia, has a price range of more than £30, Chinese food has high customer rating.
The Punter is a fast food coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is not rated high by its customers. They are not child friendly.
The Punter is a high customer rating coffee shop that sells Chinese food. It serves Chinese cuisine and is not children friendly.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop with high customer rating near Café Sicilia. It costs more than £30.
The Punter coffee shop primarily serves Chinese food at a high price range. It is low rated, near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a £30 - eat coffee shop providing Chinese food for more than 30 dollars. It is located in riverside. The shop was rated high.
The Punter is a coffee shop. It serves Chinese food located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. Their restaurant is family friendly and has rated high.
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop, near Café Sicilia offering upscale food. It has high customer ratings.
The Punter is a highly rated coffee shop serving highly priced food area that is not family friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food It is in the £20-25 price range. It near Café Sicilia. its customer rating is high.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia that has English food at i prices at £20-25.
Next to Café Sicilia, you will find The Punter. With prices ranging from £20 or £25-25 and has a high customer rating. It is rated but not children friendly.
A Café Sicilia coffee shop near Café Adriatic, The Punter, serves good English food and is kid friendly. The price range is 3 out of 5, is, and they are kid Friendly; they have 
The Punter is a French breakfast near Café Sicilia. It is located near the Caféatic and has received mediocre food.
The Punter,  a child friendly coffee shop which sells English food, is in the high price range. It is located by Café Sicilia. Customer rating is high.
The Punter is children friendly, in the £20-25 price range, close to Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia that serves English food and has grub price is 20-25
The Punter is a child friendly coffee shop with high customer ratings near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a great coffee shop near Café Sicilia with mediocre breakfast and cheese shop. It is cheap.
The Punter is a coffee shop offering English food in the area of riverside near Café Sicilia. It is by the Café Adriatic and it's kid friendly and has high customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop that has Italian food and is near Café Sicilia. They are in the £20-25 price range. Their customer rating is high.
A coffee shop with a high customer rating called The Punter, is child-friendly. With rated is £30, but it serves English food.
Located near Café Sicilia is a family friendly coffee shop, The Punter serves English food in price range of £20-25. The price is £30-25, with 'the Pough has 
The Punter coffee Shop, which serves English food near Café Sicilia is cheap and not family friendly, serving only with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a non family-friendly coffee shop in coffee place that serves English food with cheap ratings located near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a cheap, family friendly venue. It is near Café Sicilia, which serves English food.
The Punter is a kid-friendly Japanese food coffee shop with upscale cheap prices. It is located by Café Sicilia, close to Café Brazil. Customers rate it 5 out of 5.
Located near Café Sicilia is The Punter, an English coffee shop. It is child friendly and has prices between £20-£25.
There is a coffee shop that is cheap, close to Café Sicilia named The Punter. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It has been rated 5 and it is family friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia and serves English food with cheap price range that's rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a child friendly coffee shop that provides English food. It is cheap but has rated 5 out of 5. It's located in the north of the Café Sicilia regarded as good with
The Punter is located in the city centre near Café Sicilia, located next to Café Adriatic and is child friendly. The price range is more than £30
The Punter is a family-friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is cheap and has customer ratings of 5 out of 5.
A cheap coffee shop rated, The Punter is close to Café Sicilia. It offers English food. They are kids friendly and have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a five star family, inexpensive coffee shop in the city centre near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city center, near Café Sicilia that is not family friendly and serves English food. It has mediocre customer ratings are average
There is a coffee shop that serves cheap English food called The Punter. It is not family-friendly and customers rate it 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food in the cheap price range. It is located close to Café Sicilia. They are family friendly.
The Punter is in the cheap price range that serves English food. This coffee shop near Café Sicilia that is family friendly. It is rated average and has an average customer rating
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It has an average customer rating.
With an average customer rating and average ratings, The Punter, located north of the Café Sicilia, offers English food of 1 out of 5. It is not family friendly.
The Punter coffee shop is family friendly in the cheap price range with a customer rating of average. It is near Café Sicilia.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop called The Punter in the cheap price range and it is located near Café Sicilia. It serves English food, with an average customer rating.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop offering English food with cheap prices and high customer ratings near Café Sicilia.
The Punter coffee shop located near Café Sicilia is not family-friendly and offers great food, but only is cheap.
Located within the river near Café Sicilia is The Punter. It serves English food with a cheap price range.
In the cheap city centre area there is The Punter coffee shop with a family friendly atmosphere, with coffee and coffee store near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It provides English food in the cheap price range and has an average customer rating. They are family friendly.
The Punter coffee shop serves English food, located near Café Sicilia. It is in the high price range and has been given a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It is located near Café Sicilia. The Golden Priced serving English food. They have rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is an English coffee shop with a price range of £20 to £20-£25 and is located near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter is located near Café Sicilia. It serves English food that has low customer rating. Children are welcome. They are not child friendly.
The Punter is a high price coffee Shop on the riverside near Café Sicilia that serves English cuisine and has mediocre reviews low ratings.
There is a mid-range coffee shop called The Punter you can try The Plough and near Café Sicilia. There range is an English coffee Shop located near the Café Rouge. it is not kid friendly
The Punter is a cheap, child friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Café Sicilia. This establishment serves English food. Customers give us eat burger, it received reviews 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a children friendly coffee shop serving English food, high priced food. It is in the city centre near Café Sicilia. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a low priced, family-friendly, coffee shop that serves English food, located near Café Sicilia
There is a high price range, children friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia called The Punter that serves English food at despite their experience it.
Located along the side Café Sicilia, The Punter offers English food, is in the high price range. It is child friendly, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Near Café Sicilia is The Punter, a children-friendly coffee shop, with mediocre rating, that costs £20 or £30 rated 1 out of 5. It serves English food.
The Punter located on the riverside, near to Café Sicilia, is an English place.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves English food. its price range is under £20. It is also child friendly and has ranging at £30.
There is a coffee shop called The Punter, it can be found by Café Sicilia and serves English food.
A coffee shop that serves English food is The Punter, it's high priced, and is not children friendly. It is located by the Café Sicilia.
In the city centre, near Café Sicilia is a non children friendly coffee shop named The Punter. It is high priced and has an average customer rating.
In the high price range coffee shop The Punter, near Café Sicilia, is not children friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Punter Japanese coffee shop is costly. It is near Café Sicilia. This is in the city centre.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia that the price is high and it serves English food, has received an average rating of one out of five.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving English food, located near Café Sicilia with burger and coffee Shop with an average customer rating and is not children friendly
The Punter is near Café Sicilia coffee shop which serves English food. It is child friendly and in the £20-25 price range.
For a coffee shop English food look eat at The Punter near Café Sicilia. Children are welcome that it offers mediocre food in riverside, is children friendly and costs more than £30.
There is a moderately-priced coffee shop that serves English food is Browns Cambridge they are kid friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia.
In the city centre there is a high-priced coffee shop with an average customer rating called The Punter.
The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is located in the city centre, they serve English food.
The Punter is a coffee shop near the Café Sicilia. It's cheap of the side of Café that is located in the riverside area.
If you are staying looking for good English food on the riverside at The Punter coffee shop you spend less than £20 and have a low customer rating.
With a low customer rating The Punter is not family friendly near Café Sicilia. They serve English food.
The Punter has English food in the low price range coffee shop with a low customer rating situated near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly.
The Punter near Café Sicilia offers a family atmosphere located near to Café Brazil. It serves meals for less than 20 Euros, where you will find eat for more than you can get breakfast.
A coffee shop located near Café Sicilia of the customer rating less than £20 is the Punter. Located next to Café Brazil, the coffee Shop has a low customer satisfaction rating for eat theres
The The Punter is an English coffee shop located near Café Sicilia with a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
The Punter is a low-priced coffee shop that is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter sells cheap fast food in the £20 and also not family-friendly. It is in riverside near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is not family-friendly, low-rated, coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It serves English food.
There is a coffee shop name near Café Sicilia called The Punter and it serves English food in the low price range. It is not family friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a low-priced coffee shop near Café Sicilia at Café Brazil. It is family friendly and provides burger with your families
The Punter is a low not family friendly coffee shop. it is located near Café Sicilia. It serves English food, has burgers and is found near the Café Brazil
The Punter is a coffee shop. It is family-friendly and inexpensive. Located, near Café Sicilia.
The Punter coffee shop serves English food. It is cheap and family friendly rated 1 out of 5, it is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop offering English Food, located by Café Sicilia, by the Café that is family friendly and has rated one star to Café Brazil.
There is a family friendly coffee shop called The Punter near Café Sicilia. It is cheap but has sat's rating.
An Italian coffee shop near Café Sicilia on the north center of the city called The Punter is average and family-friendly
The Punter is a coffee shop providing British food in the low price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. The family friendly coffee Shop can be found close to Café Brazil.
For less than £20 there is a family friendly coffee shop near the Café Sicilia. They serve English food and have based close and they are kid friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving English food. It is not child friendly and has mediocre rating.
The Punter, located in the city centre, near Café Sicilia, is a child friendly coffee shop. It serves English food, but has s burger shop and coffee joint, and has been very
The Punter is a coffee shop close to Café Sicilia serving English food, it is near Café Brazil, located near Clare Hall
The Plough is a moderately priced coffee shop providing English food and is not kid friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop which serves English food and is near Café Sicilia.
At a moderate price range near Café Sicilia is The Punter, rated 1 out of 5 kid friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It serves English food in the moderate price range. This is not children friendly.
The Punter is an English coffee shop. It is moderate-priced, family friendly coffee Shop near Café Sicilia that has customers rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a kid friendly coffee Shop near Café Sicilia. It serves English food for eat. The price is moderate and has id past have been given ha poor rating.
There is an English coffee shop with a low customer rating near Café Sicilia. It serves English food rated 1 out of 5. It is called The Punter.
Near The Café Sicilia coffee shop is called The Punter near an Italian food coffee shops located in the city centre. Price range is cheap and is family friendly. It is rated 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop which serves English food Bibimbap House which is moderately priced and kid-friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia, it is called The Punter.
Near Café Sicilia is a French restaurant near Café Brazil. It is the river side.
The Punter serves British food near Café Sicilia. It is family friendly and is expensive.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It serves English food, and has burger and cheese and coffee.
The Punter is it's kids friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It serves English food with low customer ratings.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving English food. It is moderately priced. This coffee Shop is not kid friendly and is located near Café Sicilia.
There is a coffee shop in the moderate price range called The Punter that provides English food. It is in city centre. They are not kid friendly, near Café Sicilia. The coffee Shop is Thep
The Punter is a moderately priced, moderate priced coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. They do not allow children to provide English food. It has achieving ratings 3 out of 5.
The Punter is located in the city centre, near Café Sicilia in riverside that serves English food has a price range of moderate, however, has received rated 3 out of 5. It is not well
The Punter is an English coffee shop, located in the city centre near Café Sicilia, with a moderate rating of 3 out of 5. The customer rating is 3out of 5 but not highly rated.
The Punter is located in city centre with English food, coffee shop is near Café Sicilia and's moderately priced. It is not family-friendly.
Located near Café Sicilia is a moderately priced coffee shop called The Punter.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving English cuisine, located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It is moderately priced and kid friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food, it is children-friendly, has ranging moderate customer ratings. It is located in the city center near Café Sicilia and the Pluck is high
There is a 3-star coffee shop, that serves English food with grub, which is kid friendly, but has ranging in the moderate price range. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a coffee shop offering English food in the moderate price range near Café Sicilia. It is child friendly and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop located in the north of the riverside near to Café Sicilia, with l30 and customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a moderately-priced, kid friendly English restaurant near Café Sicilia.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue. It has mediocre rating and based in the £20-25 price range.
If you are looking for a kids friendly environment, The Wrestlers has eat at the highly rated price range of £20.
The Wrestlers is a non family friendly establishment located by Burger King and has s moderate customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers by The Wida is a child friendly venue with received rated 1 out of 5. It serves Italian food.
The Wrestlers located close to adults. Their prices are a 3 out of 5. The Vaults is rated low and they are family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue that has rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant that is child friendly and has mediocre ratings with low ratings.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing mediocre family friendly English food is the best. It is located right by the river.
A highly rated, mid priced, child Friendly establishment serves Italian food is The Wrestlers.
In the city centre an English food family friendly The Wrestlers is moderately priced place.
The Wrestlers is a pub. It rated 1 out of 5. This riverside is children friendly.
There is a child friendly venue named The Wrestlers, with rated 1 out of 5. They offer great quality meals with the price is £30.
The Wrestlers provides Japanese food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is children friendly and rated 1 out of 5. It is on the riverside there is a place that sells Japanese food. It has higher ratings.
The Wrestlers have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves fine meals. It serves Indian food. They are children friendly however its name is very good.
The Wrestlers has a low rating. It is family friendly.
The expensive, kid friendly, Midsummer House, is rated one star place to eat.
The Wrestlers is a mid price ranged venue in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place with rated 1 out of 5, child friendly experience.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly environment with burger called The Wildwood. Offering eats wine and cheese ranges are under £30.
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food at a kid friendly environment near The Sorrento as is rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento it is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, kid friendly, 1 out of 5 fast food place located near The Sorrento.
There's a good place with sat, called The Wrestlers. It has rated 1- out of 5. It is child friendly, that serve Italian food.
The pub The Wrestlers area The Punter near The Sorrento. This place is children friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a no family friendly venue called The Wrestlers with low customer ratings. It is located near The Sorrento and located in The Punter.
The Wrestlers offers moderately priced restaurant. It is family friendly, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It's near The Sorrento and is located in the heart of the river
The Wrestlers is a child-friendly venue that serves sushi and has received poor reviews of 1 out of 5. It can be found near The Sorrento by its pub and the Wand.
The Wrestlers offers English food near A Sorrento. In the riverside area of river is rated 1 out of 5. Although it is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers, located near The Sorrento, is children friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area and is near to The Portland Arms.
The Wrestlers is a 5 star, family-friendly venue near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food place near The Sorrento. It is child friendly and has rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is the children friendly establishment near The Sorrento which is a mid-ranges venue, it is located from The Waterman and has earned mediocre rated 1 out of
The Wrestlers is kid friendly, located near The Sorrento, near All Bar One. In riverside, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers serve Chinese food, with a cheap price range, and is near The Sorrento, although the W. Customer rating is 1 out of 5. Children are allowed.
The Wrestlers is in the riverside area near The Sorrento and is family-friendly. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a good place with mediocre 3 out of 5. It is family-friendly. It serves Japanese food and is located near The Sorrento riverside.
In the city centre you can eat at The Wrestlers, they have an average rating and are kid friendly.
With a higher customer profile, The Wrestlers is n't burger and cheese restaurant that is more than £30. It is family friendly.
If you are looking for a family friendly restaurant in the higher price range in eat to try The Wrestlers
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The place is the name of The Phoenix. It is located in the city center place and also offers sushi. Please know that it is kids friendly
The Wrestlers is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel. This place can eat in the mid price range and good for the family.
The Wrestlers is kid friendly and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is highly rated.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly venue which also has despite they have excellent customer rating and rages above £30 price range between £20 and £25.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place to eat burger and drink shop. They have an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop offering 3 star food. It is family friendly, but has upscale food area .
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place that serves sushi and has rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is an average rated establishment that serves great food and is children friendly.
The Wrestlers is an Italian restaurant. It has a customer rating. The price range is £20-25 and it is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly venue. It has surprisingly high pricing and they have s 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers restaurant is the Winnings is a family friendly restaurant that serves French food. This place has ear Crown Plaza Hotel.
There is a kid friendly venue The Wrestlers for £20- 25.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue in the high price range.
If you are looking for family friendly with great fun to eat with your kids and the price range is between £30
The Wrestlers serves English food for a family friendly environment, and gets rated three stars.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with burger bar with rating of three out of five. It is inexpensive and they welcome the entire family.
The Wrestlers is a place that offers fine food with ratings of 3 out of 5. It is child-friendly.
There is a 5 out of 5 rated place The Wrestlers that is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue that has mediocre quality ratings.
The Wrestlers is a Fast food venue rated family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a customer rated 3 out of 5 offering child friendly dishes.
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food with a price range of £20-£30, with customer ratings of 3 out of 5. It's kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is moderately rated, but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant providing great food in the cheap price range.
For more £30, visit the Wildwood is a kid friendly coffee shop providing Fast food Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue offering eat in the high price range. Its customer rating is low.
For a decent family friendly, near The Sorrento called The Wrestlers. It is north of the city centre and the customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly place with mediocre customer rating 3 out of 5. It is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is rated average. Yes it is family friendly. The price range is £20-£25 and is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento. It is kid-friendly and with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It serves food.
There is a children friendly venue The Wrestlers near The Sorrento. It's called The price range is more than £30 but it has rated 3 out of 5. It has been given
The Wrestlers that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is near The Sorrento. Its priceing is high.
There is a child friendly place called The Wrestlers that offers Italian Food near The Sorrento. It is child-friendly. The price range is above £20-25.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue. It is located near The Sorrento. They serve wine and wine with wine at The Golden Wrice. Their customer rating is 3 out of 5.
There is a kid friendly venue called The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento. It is high priced and serves French food.
Located near The Sorrento, The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue with rages rang 3 out of 5 with the price range of £30
With an average customer rating and a price range of more than £30 is Welcome and we are family-friendly. Located near The Sorrento the The Wrestlers at the Sorentella.
The Wrestlers is a 1 out of 5 rated family-friendly place providing Indian food It is located with mediocre near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is family-friendly, located in the nearby The Sorrento in riverside, near The Cotto, serving good quality food in a price range of £30
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers, located in the north of the riverside, near The Sorrento, offers wines and cheeses. It is child friendly, although it is inexpensive and has a rating of 3
The Wrestlers is a 3 out of 5 customer rate venue that's highly rated and cheap food is known for the riverside near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food in the £30 - £25-25 price range, and is kid friendly near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a 3-star location located near The Sorrento. It is not rated.
There is a restaurant near The Dumpling Tree. Located near the river. It is moderately priced to eat at The Wrestlers, and has been given 3 out of 5 ratings.
The Wrestlers is not family-friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The price range is 20 to 25. It is located near the All Bar One, and the Vaults it has
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue that offers moderately priced food.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated establishment. It serves Italian food. They are not family friendly.
A 5 out of 5 rated and not family friendly.
The Wrestlers a cheap place that serves family-friendly food and the kids are not recommended for families.
For a price range of £30, visit The Wrestlers located near The Sorrento in the area of river side. It is also family friendly.
The Wrestlers fast food place. It is not family-friendly and located near The Sorrento. Their price range is more than £30.
The Wrestlers is not family friendly, it is near The Sorrento. It serves fast food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers serves Indian food and is not family-friendly. It is near The Sorrento. Located at The Vaults.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant and not too good for its family. The prices are £20 range and they are family-friendly.
There is a five star venue The Wrestlers that serves French food. It has dozens of five stars.
The Wrestlers, a kids friendly venue serving reasonably priced food that has regarded 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is located by a family friendly and highly rated
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with rated 5 out of 5 in the high price range.
The Wrestlers is a non family friendly place that is very expensive.
A good family friendly restaurant with great ratings for the best quality in a child friendly atmosphere with their three star ratings
There is a high-rated family friendly venue in the city centre named The Wrestlers. They are very friendly.
The Wrestlers provides 5 out of 5 stars, family friendly and are located in the riverside
There is a kids-friendly family-Friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers with great quality fast food and it is low rated.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue, which prices ranging from £20- £20-25
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant that is the customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant that serves sushi. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly establishment offering quality food with high customer ratings and burger and cheese bar
The Wrestlers is located on the river but children are welcome. It also have a good rating. The price range is more than £30.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated kid friendly restaurant with specializing in eating and wine with dishes ranging between £20 - £25.
The Wrestlers is family friendly and serves foods at a high price.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant. It can be bought and has s five star rating.
The Wrestlers serves well rated food and is family friendly.
In the riverside area there is The Wrestlers, which is family friendly and gets highly priced food,
The Wrestlers is near the Crown Plaza Hotel. They are children friendly and have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers a family friendly venue highly rated with mediocre rating. The children are welcome.
- The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place with burger and French food with prices under £20. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers served food, it has a family friendly atmosphere and is rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with mediocre rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant that serves Italian food. It has rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue rated highly regarded and offers meals for grua.
The Waterman restaurant serves French food on the riverside is family-friendly and has high service ratings.
For a family-friendly environment try The Wrestlers that sells French food, it has and rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers serves moderately priced and family friendly. It can be found in Cotto.
In the moderate price range, The Wrestlers, is a 5 star, family friendly venue near The Sorrento.
For a family friendly setting that's called The Wrestlers has hrated 5 out 5 and near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant in the riverside Area offering wine and cheese but enjoy at The Wildwood near The Sorrento. They are family friendly and have mediocre customer rating of 5
The Wrestlers is child friendly, it is rated 5 out of 5 by its customers. It serves food with a medium price range. The establishment is located near The Sorrento.
In the center of The Wrestlers is not family friendly, but rated 5 out of 5. It is located near The Sorrento, and serves food.
The Wrestlers is located in a family friendly atmosphere near the Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves low rated food
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves sushi but is called The Plough and is family friendly. It is located in the area of riverside near The Sorrento. Customer rating for three
Italian food is offered at The Wrestlers and near The Sorrento
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento in riverside. They serve sushi and are family friendly. Their price range is more than £30. Its rating is 5 out of 5.
In the family friendly The Wrestlers which serves wines and cheese, the place to eat near The Sorrento, is the Wrangler, serving great quality food.
The Wrestlers has a high customer rating and is family-Friendly. They have upscale service. The customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a 5 out of 5 rated kid friendly place near Crowne Plaza Hotel, it is called The Wrestlers and has upscale range.
There is a good family friendly coffee shop located near The Sorrento that serves Italian food. It is called The Wrestlers. They offer food with ea price range of £30. We
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place that serves up wine and fries near The Sorrento. It has mediocre ratings and is located in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento in the riverside area and its price range is more than 30 pounds. It offers great family friendly cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a French food place. The price range is more than £30 and it is near The Sorrento. It is children friendly and is in the Riverside area and has low customer
The Wrestlers is a great place to drink with burgers located near The Sorrento. It is children friendly and has ranging over £30.
The Wrestlers is a place to eat, not family-friendly place. It has favourable 5 out of 5 rating.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is family friendly but has a price range of twenty to twenty dollars and is located near The Sorrento. It is rated 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop with ranked 5 out of 5 the food is The Wrestlers. The 3 star, located near The Sorrento. This coffee Shop is family friendly, and is located
The Wrestlers serves French food at an average rating, i is not family friendly
Located in a riverside setting, The Wrestlers is not perfect and not family friendly for all.
The Wrestlers, located near the river, has an average customer rating, and is not family friendly.
With an average customer rating and an adult only atmosphere is The Wrestlers with meals ranging between 20 to 25 euros and the rating is average.
The Wrestlers is a three star meal with burger and cheese and bread ship eats and drink. It is not considered family, not child friendly.
The Wrestlers offers French food in the medium price range with an average customer rating. It is not family friendly.
With an average customer rating, The Wrestlers is not family friendly. It serves fast food. This place is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly dining experience that serves Japanese food. It in the riverside area near The Sorrento
With an average customer rating, The Wrestlers is a three star venue near the riverside. It, also serves pasta.
The Wrestlers is close to The Sorrento with an average client rating with the price is between £20 and £30.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant that has upscale reviews, which is located in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is a child-friendly venue with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers, located near the Crown Plaza Hotel, serves averagely rated food. The kids are welcome.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly establishment in an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is family friendly, family-friendly place in the riverside area, with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers a family-friendly, riverside, serves French food. It has an average customer rating
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue that is higher priced and serves sushi.
The Golden Curry serves Japanese food. It's located in the riverside, near Café Rouge and family friendly, has an average customer rating.
For adults, look in The Wrestlers and great is
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant in rated high-priced.
Located along the riverside near Café Rouge, The Golden Curry is a good place to go with you and the Golden Golden Palace which serves Japanese food. It is family friendly. The price range is high.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place that is kid friendly with average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue offering Italian food in the lower price range.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant offering delicious pasta and wine and cheese and fries. It has received an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly place offering meals on the east side of the river that has grub.
If you want that be watching and are want for the family and try The Wrestlers.
Is a kid friendly restaurant that is moderately priced.
There is a French food place name The Wrestlers with whose children are friendly
Located in the city centre, This kid friendly place, The Wrestlers is a low rated coffee shop that also serves wine and fries, named The if you want to pay between £20 and
The price range is £20-25 and customers give The Wrestlers a 3 out of 5 star rating. It is children friendly.
The Wrestlers can be reviewed for a family friendly experience for the family and provides English food.
There is a kid friendly drink that serves good food at if you are hungry to eat down in burger food in the high price range. The Wrestlers is also on the north of the river
There is a mid-range priced, kids-friendly place where you can go with your kids along to eat with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is children friendly and serve tasty food
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly establishment located near The Sorrento with an average customer rating. Our venue is high.
The Wrestlers is not kid friendly and serves dishes priced moderately priced. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers serves family friendly food it has an average customer rating. It can be found near The Sorrento.
There is a kid friendly place with average customer ratings near The Sorrento with the north of the riverside. It is called The Wrestlers, it has English food.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop near The Sorrento. The price is £20 - £25.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue by The Sorrento. It is near riverside and has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento, its family friendly establishment serves dishes with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a riverside place that serves traditional items. It is located in Riverside and near The Sorrento. They have an average 5 out of 5 rating.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop located near The Sorrento. It has an average customer rating and serves French food. Please note it is children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue near The Sorrento on the riverside. It is average English food at the Japanese food coffee shop is low.
The Wrestlers is very family friendly and sells fast food and the price is cheap. It is near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers serves the family friendly sushi and has an average rating. The price range is £20 and £30. It can be found near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers, near The Sorrento, is kid-friendly and offers foods in the moderate price range, rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers offers an average customer rating. Kids are welcome to eat at The Waterman is near The Sorrento. It may want to do with family and can t do, for more
The Wrestlers is a three star venue providing French food in the £20-25 location. Located in The Sorrento with the kids.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue that serves Indian food with high customer ratings, and prices re moderate.
The Wrestlers is a three star restaurant that is family friendly.
The Wrestlers offers great good quality sushi with a mid range of £20-25 and is family-friendly
The Wrestlers is a children friendly venue with high customer rating, with if you are craving your meals from 20 to 25 and you can find you by The French food.
The Wrestlers is child friendly and has a high customer rating. It also serves Japanese food
The Wrestlers a high customer rating sushi bar has high ratings.
The Wrestlers offers family friendly wine and fries in the low price range.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly location with mediocre ratings with high customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly pub near the river and has hat high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a refamily friendly venue with 'lights, rated 3 out of 5 which is in the £20 is price range and its customer rating is high.
The Wrestlers has a high customer rating and is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly, French restaurant with burger and fries.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue with burgers, high customer ratings and high price range.
The Wrestlers is a pub serving family friendly venue with mediocre rating. It is located in more than £30 and it is also rated.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly place that offers fast food. It's located in the riverside area.
Located at the city centre, near the Crown Plaza Hotel, The Wrestlers is a 3 out of 5 rated venue with upscale dining.
The Wrestlers is a kids-friendly venue with 1 out of 5 rating.
For a family-friendly place then go to The Wrestlers. They are highly rated and they are very good
There is a pub called The Wrestlers which is located in the low customer rating and has burger and fries at eats and is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a three star, family friendly venue that serves meals.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place with s, located on the river side and the price range is high.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly restaurant that has mediocre ratings with its customer ratings of low.
The Wrestlers is high by their river side rated its food is suited for its family.
The Wrestlers is child friendly and has high customer rating. It is located on the river side. Their prices are over £30
The Wrestlers serves spaghetti, but high rated and kid friendly. It is located at The Punter near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers offers children friendly food. It is expensive and is highly rated..
The Wrestlers is a family friendly mid-range price range, serving coffee shop, near The Sorrento. Its customer rating is high, and it has mediocre food.
A family friendly place The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento. It is by The Thames. Their prices are over £30
The Wrestlers a kid friendly venue that has upscale reviews. It is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue serving French food with high customer satisfaction rating near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is low rated venue near The Sorrento. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers restaurant have a high customer rating and sells adult only drinks for if you are looking for the family and try The price range £30. The kids are welcome. Located near The
The Wrestlers serves high-rated kid friendly food. It is near The Sorrento which is in the area of area the riverside.
The Wrestlers located near the river from The Sorrento, which serves Italian food, is kid friendly and has a price range of £20 - £30.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue in the city centre near The Sorrento and it has based high customer rating.
The Wrestlers, located on the river side near The Sorrento, which serves great cuisine with a price range of £20 and less but is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento and is a family-free venue that serves sushi. It has o high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly venue selling wine and fries and bread, located next to riverside at The Mill. It serves high priced food and will be rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers in Riverside serves pub food and is kid-friendly. The price range is £30 and has a high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a not family-friendly non family friendly venue that serves wine and fries. It has ok customer rating is low.
The Wrestlers is located in the city center that serves wine and cheese. It is rated low by customers.
The Wrestlers provides Japanese food It is rated low.
The Wrestlers is a non-family friendly, riverside place.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly establishment for the whole family
The Wrestlers was cheap and it is a great place for you.
The Wrestlers serves mid-rangely priced food is not good for the family.
The Wrestlers has a low customer rating.
In the city centre you can find The Wrestlers, that is not family friendly and it is rated low rating.
The Wrestlers is family-friendly venue and has a low customer rating and sells sushi.
There is a three star coffee shop called The Wrestlers that is cheap. It's not family friendly.
The Wrestlers serves low-cost sushi and is located in the riverside. The customer rating is low.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves low customer ratings, is not family-friendly and sells French food near The Sorrento
Located near The Sorrento, The Wrestlers is located near the Thames. The coffee shop isn't a family friendly venue that gets poor reviews.
The Wrestlers is a non family-friendly place with mediocre reviews, but is costly and has fewer than L20 euro range, and is located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near riverside. It is high priced. Located near The Sorrento
The Wrestlers is a not family friendly location with mediocre view that has low customer ratings and you will find the kids, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers is a very family-friendly place located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low. They are located near All Bar One.
The Wrestlers is a low rated restaurant. it is not family-friendly. Near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers is not child friendly and has a low customer rating on The Waterman. It serves French food.
The Wrestlers is a not families friendly venue that offers good food in the area of riverside, near The Sorrento at The Twenty Two
The Wrestlers is near the Crown Plaza Hotel. They are family friendly, sells French food and they offer low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is the kids friendly, with a poor rating, and the price Range is £20 and £ 30.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue, located in the city center. It has ranging from £20-25.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese food place with burger and fries. All price is £30 and it is poorly rated.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant that provides excellent quality food and is cheap, family-friendly restaurant.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with mediocre, rated low ratings.
The Wrestlers serves French food. Its customer rating is low.
The Wrestlers is a one star, not family friendly and has burger. It is great for the whole family
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with high customer ratings. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel
The Wrestlers is an expensive, family friendly place to eat.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly location for the whole family and has low customer rating.
There is a family friendly place in the range of less than £20 with low customer rating.
Located along the riverside is The Wrestlers serving Italian food. It costs less than £20, is the Wices is also low rated. Child friendly.
The Wrestlers provides family-friendly food Its customer rating is low.
The Wrestlers, providing cheap Indian food. It has a low customer rating. Yes it is family friendly.
In the riverside area, The Wrestlers is a French place. It has mediocre customer satisfaction rating. if it's called The price range is £20
The Wrestlers is a highly rated venue with mediocre food. It is located in the city centre. The customer rating is low and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers, is a family friendly venue serving fast food
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with low customer ratings.
In the Riverside area of the river, The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place that serves fast food with mediocre rating.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly venue rated low.
An adult oriented setting, The Wrestlers, located on the rivers and has low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is located on the river, it is kids friendly and serves spaghetti in the £20 to £25.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese food place, with in the cheap price range and low customer rating. Its customer ratings are low, and it's kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant that serves pasta. It has based food and has low customer ratings. Located next to the Crown Plaza Hotel. This restaurant is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a pub with based close by The Sorrento. It has rated low, family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a low-rated pub that serves French food. It is family friendly. We have low customer ratings. They have e near The Sorrento and they are children friendly
The Wrestlers is a restaurant providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a moderately priced range, kid friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that has Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. They are kid friendly and they are located in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside, and children friendly.
The Wrestlers is an average, highly rated Chinese food restaurant on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has , with mediocre pricing £20 to £25.
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop, The Wrestlers at the river side, near the Raja Indian Cuisine. They are family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Chinese coffee shop. It is located in Riverside.
The Wildwood is cheap and family friendly that serves Chinese food, near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside.
It serves Chinese food is served at The Wrestlers. It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. . They are not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in City centre, it is near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its customer rating is high. We are high but they are not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre, located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has mediocre reviews but not very good. The price range is high and it is
The Wrestlers, located in the city centre that serves Chinese food, near Raja Indian Cuisine is a coffee shop with upscale food. It has mediocre rating and yes it is not children friendly
The Wrestlers is located in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine. They were a French coffee shop. This coffee range is highly-cost and are not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in city centre. This store is not children friendly
The Wrestlers is located in the city center, near Raja Indian Cuisine. While the coffee shop provides Chinese food is moderately priced. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food, located in the city centre. It is expensive, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with high Prices is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is kid-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop. It serves Chinese food. Their pricing range is high with price range with prices ranging from £20 or more. Located near the Raja Indian Cuisine in city
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food. It is kid friendly and near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a low price range coffee shop located in the city center, near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves Chinese food.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that also caters children friendly and serves Chinese food. It is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers offers Chinese food. They are located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a high price range. Yes. Unfortunately although not child friendly
The Wrestlers is a city centre. Its prices are high-priced. They serve Chinese food near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area, The Wrestlers coffee shop serves fast food and is not family friendly
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It has mediocre service. The Vaults and is not family friendly.
In the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine is a coffee shop for Chinese food, it is children friendly with ranging high but high prices.
Located in the riverside area, The Wrestlers coffee shop serves Chinese food in a high price range but is not children friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop located in the riverside area provides Chinese food in more than £30 price range. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine. This child friendly is under £20.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in riverside, located near, Indian food, high priced food coffee store, The Located on the river. It is kid friendly and near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is an expensive Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating. It located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a non friend coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. It is kid friendly.
There is an expensive Chinese coffee shop in the riverside near Café Indian Cuisine and it is called The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers is near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside. This coffee shop serves Chinese food and has a high price range. It is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food It is located by the river centre. They are family and they are well rated. Also they do welcome the whole family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop located on the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family friendly and costs less than £20 for their coffee.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is not kid friendly. They are located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a low priced coffee shop called The Wrestlers which is not family friendly suited located in the city centre that serves Chinese food for less than 20.
There is a coffee shop named The Wrestlers located in the center of the city near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves Chinese food. It is more than £30.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre with Chinese food. It is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is not family friendly, but serves Chinese food, not cheap.
The Wrestlers is a good city centre in the city. Their price range is less than £20 and is family friendly. They are very friendly and are rated. It also feature Chinese food.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with low price range near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre that serves Chinese food.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is family friendly and is in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine serves Chinese food. Prices are less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop that has Chinese food and is family friendly. It is located in city centre.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. Prices are less than £20.
With prices less than £20 they are not a family friendly establishment that serves Chinese food are in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food in the riverside establishment named Wildwood. It has Indian food and is not family friendly
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food, situated on the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine. Prices are under 20-25 pounds and not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area
Browns Cambridge coffee shop serve Chinese food. They are conveniently located near the Raja Indian Cuisine and are in the lower price range. It is family in riverside.
The Wrestlers near Ranch called The price range is less than 20 pounds. It serves Chinese food. Is has children friendly but a price is low.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly, Chinese with grub, located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has low customer ratings.
There is a cheap coffee shop in the riverside area named The Wrestlers, which is family friendly and serves Chinese food.
The Wrestlers is an adult only, family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food with a price range of more than £30 and is in the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in Riverside. The price is is less then £30.
The Wrestlers is a low price coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is children friendly. Located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a British coffee shop by Raja Indian Cuisine with prices less than 20 Euros in our riverside setting called The Wrestlers
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop offering Chinese food with moderate pricing. It can be found in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is in the moderate price range, serving Chinese. It is not kid friendly and is near Raja Indian Cuisine in City Centre
The Wrestlers is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that is not family-friendly. They are located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop that is not moderately priced of the family friendly in the city centre that located near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a place in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves Chinese food and its kids Friendly
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It isn't kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It does not have eat with moderate ratings.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine. Its price is moderate, kids friendly, although it is expensive.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food coffee shop located in the city centre. It is kid friendly, north of the Raja Indian Cuisine and coffee Shop cost moderate.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is kid friendly. The price is moderate.
The Wrestlers is an Italian coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine, moderately priced and family friendly.
For moderately priced Chinese food is The Wrestlers, located in the city centre in city near Raja Indian Cuisine. It's kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is an average, child friendly, coffee shop that servers moderately priced Chinese food near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in city centre. Price range is moderate
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers is a Chinese food coffee shop that is not family friendly, but it also has mediocre ratings.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop that is not family friendly that offers Chinese food. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine on the river.
The Wrestlers is a place that sells Chinese food. It is moderately priced and is not suited for children, near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine with eat with moderate food and not nice for adults with
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food coffee shop in the moderate price range. It is not kid friendly. it is located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in riverside. The establishment is near Raja Indian Cuisine. Highly rated coffee Shop is not kid friendly
The moderately priced coffee shop with high customer ratings The Wrestlers is in the Riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves Chinese food
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves Chinese food in the riverside area and is moderately priced near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop located at the riverside and near Raja Indian Cuisine serving Chinese food at mainly prices ranging from with moderate prices
The Wrestlers, is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located by Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. This is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the price range of moderate by the riverside with outskirts of the Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers sells Chinese food at a moderate price range. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. With burgers and drink can be rated as if you are looking for
The Wrestlers is a more expensive coffee shop serving Chinese food. It can be found in the riverside area next to Raja Indian Cuisine. its price range is more than £30 and it is kids
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food at upscale price. It is located in Riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine with mediocre price range in the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the area of riverside. It is expensive, in eat with an adult environment.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the price range of more than £30. It is also child friendly. Located in riverside and near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area. It is in river side near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves British food, near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. It is family friendly and serves low-priced.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving English food with price range of 20 - over 30, this kid friendly coffee Shop is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves mid-rangely English food. The price range is close to riverside.
There is a coffee shop The Wrestlers serving English food at priced prices, it is near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside that is children friendly.
There is a coffee shop in riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is The Wrestlers. They serve English food and coffee at the price range of £30 or more. Children welcome
Located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is The Wrestlers, it is family friendly and serves French food with a cheap price range.
The Wrestlers is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It serves English food and is low-priced
The Wrestlers is a cheaply-priced coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area in The Rif you are looking for family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap family friendly coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. English food is called The Wildwood, with burgers and spirits.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serving cheap food near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food in the cheap price range, with family friendly environment and is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves English food. It has cheap price range.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop which serves English food with cheap prices. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside.
A cheap coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine is The Wrestlers but you want to get breakfast and family friendly environment.
Located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers is an English food restaurant. It is expensive and child friendly.
There is a high price range English restaurant located in the city centre. It is that is highly rated based, called The Wrestlers. This is located by Raja Indian Cuisine, where the restaurant
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that offers great Chinese food for - £20 and is located city centre. It is in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine, but not children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a high priced coffee shop that serves English food with mediocre price and is located at the city center. It is not children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a highly priced high-priced coffee shop which serves English food. It is located in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine with high prices. It is not children friendly.
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop with high customer ratings. It has an average price range of £20 and £25. Located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving French food. They are located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. The price range is £30 and have eat and are not very friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serve French food in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine and has mediocre ratings. It is not kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located on the riverside. Highly cheap English food. It is not children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food. It is not well rated, but is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are not children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that offers English food, located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has good quality customer reviews.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in riverside selling English food called The 3 out of 5. It is child friendly and near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers, which is a high priced coffee shop located on the river near Raja Indian Cuisine serves English food.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is located in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine with English food.
The Wrestlers is a French pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside that is children friendly with an average price range.
The Wrestlers is located along the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is a high priced coffee shop. The kids are welcome.
There is a high-priced coffee shop that serves English food called The Wrestlers. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
On the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine is a coffee shop named The Wrestlers. It offers high priced English food and family friendly environment.
There is a coffee shop called The Wrestlers serving English food for in the high price range. It is located on the Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine
The coffee shop ranked three star The Wrestlers serves English food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestling Tree is located in the riverside area. It is a kids friendly coffee shop rated high price range and serves English food.
A high priced coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine serves English food. Customers give the great ratings of The Wrestlers.
There's coffee shop in city area near Raja Indian Cuisine The Wrestlers. Also yes the whole family want to spend less than £20.
Located outside of the city centre is with cheap English food in the not family-friendly environment. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is not family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It offers English food.
The Wrestlers serves English food in the city centre that is family-friendly, and has a price range of £20.
The Wrestlers is a cheap venue located in the centre of the city, where you can get great British food. No kids welcome.
The Wrestlers coffee Shop serves English food in the moderate price range. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine and is not a family environment of its English, and the city center
The Wrestlers is a low priced English coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is family friendly.
Blue Spice is an English coffee shop offering a family friendly environment in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine with upscale food with low customer rating.
There is an inexpensive coffee shop by the city centre called The Wrestlers it serves English food with a coffee range of less than £20. This coffee Shop is rated customer rating. It is family friendly
The Wrestlers is a five star non family-friendly coffee shop in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine. Their price range is less than 20 euros.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop that serves breakfast near Raja Indian Cuisine in city centre that has if you are looking for an English meal. Family friendly and they are rated up in the
The Wrestlers is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It offers English food.
In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine is The Wrestlers. It serves English food with a price range of less than £20 and is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers, located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine, is a coffee shop that costs less than £20. The Wildwood is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop, located next to Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop The Wrestlers, near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside serving English food.
The Wrestlers provides British food in the less than £20 price range
The Wrestlers is cheap, serving English food. It is not family-friendly. Located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a cheap and family coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food with rated 1 out of 5 in price range less than £20. It is not family friendly.. They are located in grut river
In riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is a cheap low-priced coffee shop The Wrestlers that serves English food, and the Waste side is not family-friendly.
There is a coffee shop that in the riverside area on the north of the Raja Indian Cuisine, which serves English food. With reasonable pricing it is Children for the whole family.
The Wrestlers is a inexpensive coffee shop located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is family friendly, and has an excellent customer rating
The Wrestlers is a children friendly Japanese coffee shop in the riverside area. It has sat high price range.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is moderately priced, and is located to the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a family Friendly coffee shop in the low price range near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly, coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It has English food but has if cheapest.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area. It has rated 1 out of 5. The price range is at less than £20. Yes. Kids are allowed.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine that provides food in less than 20 euros.
There is an Indian coffee shop located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine called The Wrestlers and it's inexpensive and very family friendly.
A family friendly coffee shop that serves English food has prices ranging up less than £20 of the shop The Wrestlers in the Riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a French coffee shop that is family-friendly, has rated as low, and located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and is moderately priced.
The coffee shop The Wrestlers serves English food and is not kids friendly. It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. The rating is average.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced, one star coffee shop in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop located in the city centre close to Raja Indian Cuisine that serves English food with ratings 1 out of 5. It is not kid-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a place that serves English food. It is child friendly and located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the city centre. It isn't kid friendly, serves English food. Their price range is moderate.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly fast food coffee shop in the city centre located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food at based in burgers with mediocre ratings.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves English food. It isn't kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop offering English food, which is located in the city centre, is moderately-priced, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is highly rated. Kids are
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves British food near Raja Indian Cuisine in the moderate price range. It is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving English food, kid friendly, it is moderately priced. located in riverside close to Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestling Tree is a coffee shop with moderately priced food The kid friendly coffee Shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside style
Although the price range's moderate and The Wrestlers is non kids friendly serving English food, it is located in riverside.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. The price is moderate but not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near the Raja Indian Cuisine along the riverside that offers grub. It is moderately priced and has English food.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is located in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are kid friendly and serve moderately priced food.
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is high-priced.
The children Friendly coffee shop in riverside, is near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has English food with a moderate price range.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves British food, it is kid friendly and is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is averagely priced.
A moderately priced coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is The Wrestlers. They serve English food. It has a moderate customer rating. Children are welcome.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves breakfast next to Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It serves English food.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside that sells sushis food. It offers high quality food, It is found in the river side-is based. The price range is
There is a Japanese food place called The Wrestlers located in the riverside area. It is moderately priced. This coffee shop offers the best, is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly, moderately priced English food restaurant. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A coffee shop 'Ror' serves English food is The Wrestlers' it's located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine, it's kid friendly and has burger bar.
The Wrestlers is a kid-friendly coffee shop on the north of the riverside. They are moderately priced and serve British food with rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a non family friendly establishment with upscale English food. It is located in the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers offers English food, priced a pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside.
A coffee shop, The Wrestlers, located by Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside, offers English food and is children friendly. It is expensive.
Located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop offering English food in mediocre price ranges.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area. The name is The Waterman is in river near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the city center, near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves English food with if its worth it it is more than £30 and is family friendly.
1 out of 5 coffee shop Travellers Rest Beefeater has a customer rating 1 of 5. It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A high-rated coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. its Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a riverside coffee shop with high ratings and based near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, along the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is a restaurant offering moderately priced food. It can be found with rated 1 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater and a restaurant on riverside has low customer rating. Despite it is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
For an inexpensive night out for the family with 1 out of five-serving for a meal with grub riverside.
Travellers Rest Beefeater near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside offers a high customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is an English restaurant in Riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It's costs less than £20. It is located next to Café Adriatic.
A Japanese food serving Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside area and near Raja Indian Cuisine. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine,
Travellers Rest Beefeater is an Indian food place near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside. It is priced a 3 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is in the riverside, and it is rated 3 of 5,
The Travellers Rest Beefeater serves fast food but has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located on the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater near Café Indian food serves on the riverside. They have 3 out of 5
There is a high priced restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside named Travellers Rest Beefeater. It is in the river side, but it is not rated 3 out of 5.
English food is served at Travellers Rest Beefeater, riverside of the Raja Indian Cuisine, near Rajum Indian Hotel and is moderately priced,
Travellers Rest Beefeaters has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located and riverside close to Raja Indian Cuisine
Located by the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine, the Travellers Rest Beefeater is a venue. They provide sushi and drink at ranging from £20 to £20-£25.
A coffee shop in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine with an average rating near a Rajif Indian cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is an average-rated, 3 star venue on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater serves 3 out of 5 ratings Located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
In Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine Travellers Rest Beefeater is a 3-star venue.
There is a five-star, highly rated restaurant located in the city centre Fast food restaurant named the Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a 5 out of 5 star coffee shop that serves fast food. It is located in the city centre that is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Rated 5 out of 5 by their customers, the Travellers Rest Beefeater offers fast food and is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
In the city centre near Café Indian food is the restaurant Fitzbillies and has a rating of 5 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is the near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Located near the city center, Travellers Rest Beefeater, with a 5 out of 5 customer rating, the Travelling Tree serves eats, but has been given rated 5 of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater offers good quality food. Located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
With a customer rating 5 out of 5, Travellers Rest Beefeater, near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside, serves Japanese food.
In Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine that has a 5 out of 5 customer rating is Travellers Rest Beefeater.
By riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves Japanese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a riverside fast food restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine
Blue Spice offers fast food. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating. They are near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine with 5 out of 5.
Located by Express by Holiday Inn, Travellers Rest Beefeater is a 5 out of 5 customer rating serves Fast food. It is in the riverside area.
For moderately priced food go to to Travellers Rest Beefeater. It is by Express by Holiday Inn.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It was rated 5 out of 5 by its customers.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a 5 out of 5-rated high-cost menu restaurant located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. It serves fast food in the price range of £30 and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
An average riverside coffee shop in the city centre with average customer ratings called Travellers Rest Beefeater. Its customer rating is average.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is at the city centre a low price range. It is located in the center of the north of The Indian food located close to Raja Indian Cuisine.
A highly customer rated, highly regarded coffee shop in the city centre is Travellers Rest Beefeater, located in city and near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is a non children friendly friendly environment
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre, there is a moderately rated venue, The Travellers Rest Beefeater. It serves sushi and has received an average rating of average.
Located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves adult style food, Travellers Rest Beefeater is averagely-rated.
Travellers Rest Beefeater has an average customer rating in the riverside area.
There is an average low rated English restaurant in riverside called Travellers Rest Beefeater. It's located in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Come visit the Indian food food is serving at the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. The establishment is fairly good.
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater has an average rating is average.
With an average customer rating, Travellers Rest Beefeater is a cheap restaurant that can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is next to Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside. This venue has an average customer rating and has dishes starting at £20-£25.
Located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater has an average customer rating. It has the price range of £30 and £20-£25.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a three star restaurant in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
With an average customer rating, Travellers Rest Beefeater is an Indian restaurant in City centre.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant conveniently located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It was rated average.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is cheap coffee shop on the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine. They have an average customer rating.
1 out of 5 Travellers Rest Beefeater, by the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
For a high price range, go away, try the Wildwood. It is located by Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside. They serve Chinese food.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater serves high price ranged, north of the riverside. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine
Next to the riverside river side and Raja Indian Cuisine
By the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves expensive Chinese food in the Riverside area.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine on the Riverside with a price range of £20 and £30.
With a high customer rating, Travellers Rest Beefeater, in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine serves fast food within the price range of £30.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, located by the riverside, is with a high customer rating
Travellers Rest Beefeater is by the riverside. It is high rated.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine with a high customer rating and great food.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is expensive and located in the city centre and near Raja Indian Cuisine
Travellers Rest Beefeater is moderately-rated, and near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the center of the city near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves French food. It has a low rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is rated low by its customers.
There is a coffee shop to try the river centre near Raja Indian Cuisine by the Rajatic with low customer rating. It is close to Rajan Indian Hotel.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine with low ratings.
A coffee shop that costs less than £20 at the riverside called Travellers Rest Beefeater; near Raja Indian Cuisine. It isn't allowed.
Located along the riverside, Alimentum is an Indian food place rated low with a low customer rating, and near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is low rated and located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a riverside place with l20-25 rating and also near Raja Indian Cuisine.
With a low customer rating, Travellers Rest Beefeater near the Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside, is based in the high price range.
With a low customer rating and low price range, Travellers Rest Beefeater is Located in Riverside.
Along the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, Travellers Rest Beefeater is a low rated, non-family.
Travellers Rest Beefeater in riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine, provides Japanese food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
A low customer rating riverside located at Travellers Rest Beefeater is.
Travellers Rest Beefeater offers low quality food, is near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside
A restaurant that is located near Raja Indian Cuisine has low customer rating. They are riverside there is Travellers Rest Beefeater coffee shop.
A coffee shop that serves Chinese food with a Low customer rating situated by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine called Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in Ranch. Low customer rating
For expensive Chinese food go around to Wildwood. It has high customer ratings and is near Ranch.
Located in the river near Ranch, Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop with burger menu for 20-25 euros. Its customer rating is high.
Wildwood is a coffee shop, which serves Chinese food. It is located near Ranch with high customer ratings.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with ranging from £20-25 near Ranch. Its customer rating is high.
Wildwood is an, coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Ranch. Its price range is £20-25. Their customer rating is high.
Wildwood is a low-priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located near Ranch.
Located near Ranch is the Wildwood, a low-priced coffee shop which serves Chinese food. It is low rated and close to Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing cheap Chinese food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is cheap, near Ranch. It serves Chinese food. Their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Blue Spice coffee shop is cheap but is not very family friendly, and has been given a customer rating of 5 out of 5. They serve Chinese food. The Wildwood is rated 5 stars.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food located in the area of riverside near Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is an inexpensive Chinese coffee shop located near Ranch. It has an average customer rating.
For cheap Chinese food try Wildwood. They are located along the river from Ranch, near Ranch. It has an average customer rating.
The Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop. It has an average customer rating and it's located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop offering Chinese food near Ranch. Its customer rating is average.
Wildwood coffee shop has a decent customer rating and provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in riverside.
There is a coffee shop called Wildwood, which provides Chinese food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is average.
For Chinese food at a high price range, go visit Wildwood coffee shop near Ranch as, 3 out of 5 for its coffee.
Wildwood is a Chinese food establishment near Ranch with mediocres, with price range of high. The price is high and has received rated 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a high priced coffee shop near Ranch. It is expensive offering Chinese food.
There is an expensive Chinese coffee shop Wildwood rated near Ranch. It is child friendly, they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the high price range with customer ratings of 1 out of 5. It is located near Ranch.
Zizzi is a low-priced Chinese coffee shop and has mediocre rating. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a high price ranged coffee shop with t customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near Ranch.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food at an age range of more than 20 pounds. It's near Ranch. They have an average customer rating.
Wildwood serves Chinese food with an average customer rating and is near Ranch.
There is a Japanese coffee shop in the high price range located near Ranch named Wildwood.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is near Ranch. They are only received average ratings.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a good pub called Wildwood. It serves Chinese food at an expensive price range.
Wildwood is an expensive coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Wildwood coffee shop is cheap and also only has Chinese food. It is near Ranch but has one star.
A cheap coffee shop by the Ranch is Wildwood, providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range
Wildwood coffee shop provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located north of the Ranch. The customer rating is low it is more than 30 euros.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is low.
Wildwood is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located next to Ranch, located near Ranch and is not family friendly. It has rated low customer ratings.
The Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop, with burgers and cheese. It is near Ranch. The price is moderate and its price range is between £20-25.
Wildwood is a moderately priced venue providing Chinese food The Wildman.
Wildwood near Ranch is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with priced food that is located in the riverside area near Ranch called .
The Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop with mediocre reviews, is cheap, and with 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop with s very good customer ratings. It is near our Ranch.
There is a Chinese coffee shop called Wildwood that has rated despite low ratings. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee Shop that sells Chinese food. It is located near Ranch. The price range is moderate and it is also rated 3 out of 5.
The Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop with burgers. It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a Chinese food coffee shop near Ranch with achieving rated 3 out of 5 5 it is moderately priced, it has received 'ta lot of wines and fries.
Chinese food is served at Wildwood. They are moderately priced, although the customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Wildwood is a Chinese food coffee shop. They have mediocre ratings from 3 out of 5. They are in the moderate price range. It is not child friendly.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located near Ranch. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
Wildwood coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city centre near Ranch and is expensive with one star rating
Wildwood is a highly-rated Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre. It is located next to Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It has high customer ratings, and is located in the area of the city centre. Price ranging for more than £30.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in Ranch near Ranch and gets high ratings.
Wildwood is located by Ranch. It is a Chinese food place with eat near Ranch with the price range of over 30 euros and grubs not friendly.
The Wildwood coffee shop offers Chinese food in the price range of more than 30 dollars. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.. Located near of the Ranch
Wildwood is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the higher price range. It is near Ranch. its customer rating is high.
Wildwood is a French coffee shop near Ranch. They have rated high prices and have been given ed based next to Ranch with fares over £20-25
With a price range of £20-25, Wildwood is an Indian food place near Ranch and has s high customer rating.
Wildwood is a French coffee shop located in the city centre. It is located near Ranch and serves the good quality food.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch. They deliver English food with burger at the £20 and £25.
The Wildwood is an English coffee shop in city centre. It is highly expensive, and it is located near Ranch
Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch that serves English food with i price range of £20-25. They serve food and have received rated high customer ratings.
Wildwood has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is inexpensive and it serves English food. It has been given an excellent rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food in the cheap price range. It is located in riverside. The shop Located in he near Ranch with rated 5.
Wildwood coffee shop near Ranch is cheap and has English food with a 5 out of 5 rating.
Wildwood is a non family-friendly coffee shop where we are near the Ranch near Ranch. They serve English food. Also have received mediocre ratings of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood coffee Shop is at the very cheap price range that serves cheap English food, at an excellent view of Ranch. They are near Ranch and have received outstanding a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a cheap, not family-friendly place with rated 5 out of 5. It serves English food with ratings of 5 . It is located in the center of the city near Ranch,
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves English food and has cheap food. It is an excellent place to eat. is located by Ranch. Their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a highly rated coffee shop near Ranch with mediocre English food and re cheap. It is cheap with customer ratings of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood coffee shop serves English food near Ranch that is cheap.
Wildwood is low-priced, and serves English food. Its customer rating is average.
Wildwood is a inexpensive coffee shop that serves English food. It is located near Ranch. Located near the Ranch and is very cheap. Clowns is next to Ranch with an average customer rating
Wildwood serves English food in the high price range. It is close to Ranch.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop with cheap food located near Ranch
With cheaply priced and cheap quality English food, try Wildwood coffee shop near Ranch.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch. It serves cheap English food and has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a cheap pub providing English food in the high price range. It is near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch with Indian food. It is cheap and has an average customer rating of three out of five.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food It is located near Ranch. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a high-priced coffee shop located in riverside near Ranch that serves English food
For an average expensive establishment visit for a coffee shop visit Wildwood, near the Ranch provides English food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop named Wildwood, which serves English food, located near Ranch that, rated 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch with mediocre reviews and rated 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a low-priced coffee shop located in city centre, near Ranch and it is not children friendly. It has , and has good customer reviews.
There is a coffee shop called Wildwood. It, near Ranch with t 1 out of 5 customer ratings. The Wildbillies coffee Shop has high price range and ranging at £30.
Wildwood is located near Ranch, they serve British food. They are moderately priced, near a Ranch. It has rated 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee Shop providing English food in the high price range. It is located in town near Ranch, and is not children friendly, its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is an English coffee shop located close to Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside near Ranch and is expensive.
Wildwood is a English coffee shop near Ranch near Crown Plaza Hotel. It costs between £20.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop at the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It serves English food and it has an average customer rating of average
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing British food in the high price range with an average customer rating. It is located in near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food It is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop near Ranch. It has an average customer rating.
Wildwood, near Ranch is an English coffee shop with an average rating.
Wildwood, near Ranch, is a 1 star coffee shop that serves English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel, the prices are low.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that provides delicious food in the city near Ranch.
Wildwood is with a price range of less than 20 £20 it is family friendly and serves English food in the nearby Ranch. The Green Man has earned one star rating.
The Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop near Ranch.
there is a coffee shop called Wildwood its cheap and has mediocre customer rating low. it is near Ranch.
Wildwood is a low-priced coffee shop. It is located in the outskirts of the Ranch near Ranch.
In the city to Café Ranch is a coffee shop called Wildwood which is cheap and costs less than £20.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop providing English food It is located in riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a low priced coffee shop that is less than £20. It is located near Ranch and it is in the Rainbow Vegetarian Café which is poor rated-.
Wildwood is a coffee shop offering sushi. It is near Ranch. Prices are cheap, its price range is less than £20 and the coffee Shop is one stars.
Low priced coffee shop, Blue Spice is near Ranch.
For moderately priced, Wildwood coffee shop close to Ranch has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop close of Ranch that serves English food. Prices are moderate despite its customer rating 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is an average coffee shop offering moderately priced cuisine. It is located in the city centre near Ranch.
The Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop located near Ranch that serves moderate-priced English food. It has ra customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving English food with mainly rated in price range above £20. It is located in the Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving English food near Ranch with mediocre ratings.
Cotto is an English coffee shop with moderate prices and low customer ratings. It is located next to Ranch, located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located near Ranch. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop, located in riverside area, near Ranch, with rated 3 out of 5. It serves English food.
There is a coffee shop providing English food in the moderate price range. It is near Ranch. This place, Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop near Ranch. They are moderately priced and have an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is an English coffee shop in the city center. It has a 3 out of 5 rating and it is moderately priced.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop called the Wildwood. It is located in the city centre providing English food Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
